“How could this happen? How could that Divine Flame Seal be so powerful in your hands?”
Huo Yuan Ting’s face was full of incredulity.
The old Sect Master was also filled with shock as he looked at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, what’s going on? Is this the flame that erupted from that Divine Flame Seal?”
“Old Sect Master, the Divine Flame Seal that you had once always held as the clan’s greatest treasure was actually just an empty shell, there was a seal soul in the Divine Flame Seal, and the Divine Flame Seal lost its seal soul, so its power was weakened by a lot.”
“I accidentally obtained the seal soul in that magma river, that’s why I was able to make this Divine Flame Seal easily recognise its owner, and it was also able to erupt with even more violent flames than before!”
Chen Ping explained after the old Sect Master!
However, Chen Ping did not say anything about Hong San!
“A seal soul? I didn’t realise that the Divine Flame Seal had a Seal Soul, even without a Seal Soul, this Divine Flame Seal could be called a Divine Artifact, and now that it has a Seal Soul, I’m afraid that its power has been terrifying to the extreme!”
The old Sect Master said in shock!
Huo Yuan Ting was also filled with horror as he listened to Chen Ping’s words, the Divine Flame Seal that he had worked so hard to obtain was just an empty shell!
No wonder when Huo Dong held the Divine Flame Seal at that time, Chen Ping didn’t seem to be afraid at all and looked like he had a plan!
It turned out that Chen Ping had long ago obtained the seal soul and knew that the Divine Flame Seal was just an empty shell!
At this moment, Huo Yuan Ting had the intention to avenge his son, but facing Chen Ping and the old Sect Master, there was no possibility for him to win!
Huo Yuan Ting’s brows were furrowed and he didn’t say a word, he didn’t know what he should do now!
If he fought for his life, the end result would be certain death!
But if he left, then the Purple Flame Sect wouldn’t have a place for him anymore, and there wouldn’t necessarily be many disciples from his lineage who would follow him!
After all, these people in the Celestial Realm, all have interests at heart, if Huo Yuan Ting wasn’t the Sect Master and left the Purple Flame Sect, with no interests to be gained, who would still follow him?
And just as Huo Yuan Ting hesitated, not knowing what to do, a boom suddenly came to mind in the sky!
Boom!
A black light shot up into the sky, instantly drawing the attention of everyone!
And in the midst of this black light, an old man in a long black robe slowly appeared directly from the void!
“Killing our Ghost Face Sect’s Elder and killing Huo Dong, is this bullying my Ghost Face Sect of having no one?”
The person who came was none other than the Ghost Face Sect’s Patriarch, Wei Tianya.
Seeing the sudden appearance of the Ghost Face Sect Patriarch, the old Sect Master’s face became extremely ugly, and even the other Purple Flame Sect disciples were nervous!
On the other hand, that Huo Yuan Ting had a look of excitement on his face, if the Ghost Face Sect Patriarch stepped in and directly killed Chen Ping and the Old Sect Master and the others, then the Purple Flame Sect would still be his!
“Chen Ping, take the opportunity to take the others and run away quickly, this guy is the Ghost Face Sect’s Patriarch, named Wei Tianya, an expert of the third rank of the Mahayana realm.”
“It’s been decades since I’ve seen this fellow, I heard that he’s been in seclusion, I didn’t expect that he’d come out of seclusion.”
The old Sect Master said to Chen Ping with an ugly face!
He was going to let Chen Ping escape with the Purple Flame Sect’s disciples as he tried to find a way to stall this Wei Tianya!
The old sect master knew that he was definitely not an opponent and the end result would be death, but it was worth it to save so many people from the Purple Flame Sect!
“Old Sect Master, it’s just a shadow that’s been condensed, there’s nothing to be afraid of.”
“It’s not like the main body is coming, we don’t need to flee!”
Chen Ping glanced at that Wei Tianya and said indifferently!
This Ghost Face Sect Patriarch was only a shadow that appeared, it was impossible to exert the strength of his main body!
“Kid, even if I am just a shadow, I am more than capable of killing you!”
When Wei Tianya heard Chen Ping’s words, he raised his hand and slapped towards Chen Ping!
The aura of the Mahayana realm instantly erupted, causing many cultivators to all turn pale!
Seeing this, the old Sect Master wanted to rise up to resist, but was pulled back by Chen Ping!