“You have that ability to turn me into anything, but you don’t have that ability at all, even if you summon a remnant soul, it’s useless, you’re a waste, as a cultivator, you even cultivate evil techniques, trying to take shortcuts, people like you are even worse than waste!”
Chen Ping was mocking at Feng Wu Heng!
Feng Wu-hun’s body trembled with anger and gritted his teeth, “I will make your life worse than death today ……”
With a roar of rage, the six remnant souls instantly launched an attack towards Chen Ping!
In an instant, only several figures could be seen above the ring, constantly attacking Chen Ping in turn, a terrifying aura instantly exploding above the ring.
The crowd all drew in a cold breath at this scene. Although these remnant souls were without their original bodies and their strength had been greatly reduced, six remnant souls of the Sub-Divine Realm were more than enough to deal with Chen Ping, who was only at the Sub-Divine Third Realm.
Feng Wuxing watched calmly from the sidelines, looking at a continuous stream of breath blasting at Chen Ping, the corner of Feng Wuxing’s mouth curled up into a cold smile!
“Nine Shadows Divine Sword …………”
Suddenly, Chen Ping let out an explosive shout, followed by the Zeng Long Sword in Chen Ping’s hand erupting with a brilliant golden light!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s figure began to sway, each time it swayed, it left behind a figure!
In the end, there were six figures, standing silently on top of the ring!
It was as if six identical Chen Ping figures had suddenly appeared, wielding the Dragon Chopper Sword, their faces cold!
Seeing this scene, Feng Wuxing coldly snorted, “Kid, who are you trying to scare by using illusions in this place?”
“Even if you can conjure up more figures, what can you do? It won’t change anything at all.”
Feng Wuzhen knew that Chen Ping was only using illusionary techniques, those figures did not have the slightest power to attack!
The purpose of this was to confuse the line of sight, so as to create a slight chance for himself!
Feng Wuzhen could see Chen Ping’s little trick at a glance, so he was not afraid at all!
“Is that so? It really doesn’t change anything?”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he flicked his palm and several golden lights spilled down, followed by six shadow doppelgangers simultaneously raising the Dragon Slashing Sword aloft and then slashing out with a single stroke, six terrifying auras shooting forward at the same time!
“Rumble …………”
Feeling the terrifying aura that shook the heavens and earth, Feng Wuzhen froze, how could he not understand how this illusionary shadow doppelganger could possibly have attacking power?
Feng Wuzhen hurriedly manipulated the six remnant souls and directly followed Chen Ping’s shadow doppelganger into a fight!
On the other hand, Chen Ping looked at Feng Wu Heng coldly, “What other tricks do you have, feel free to use them.”
Feng Wuxian was frozen on the spot at this moment, his eyes filled with an incredulous expression!
“Don’t be afraid, even if his shadow doppelganger possesses some strength, the spiritual energy consumed is still within his own body, with six shadow doppelgangers, the spiritual energy consumed every minute is huge.”
“If you keep on consuming with him, he will soon be exhausted, while our remnant soul doesn’t need to consume any of your power at all!”
Just as Feng Wu Heng was frozen on the spot, Feng Jing Yan used his voice transmission technique to say!
Wind Realm Smoke could see at a glance that Chen Ping’s doppelgangers could not possibly possess the power to attack on their own, and that the reason these doppelgangers were able to attack was because they were supported by the spiritual energy consumed within Chen Ping’s body!
When Feng Wuxian heard this, his heart relaxed and his face became arrogant again and he said, “Kid, I’ll see how long you can last, six shadow doppelgangers will consume a lot of your spiritual energy, when you’re almost depleted, I can crush you to death with just one finger!”
Feng Wuxing followed Chen Ping in his deceitful manner, while Chen Ping himself knew that he couldn’t delay any longer, so he took the lead and launched his attack!
The dragon crystal on Chen Ping’s chest began to emit light, his body slowly levitated, followed by a blue flame suddenly rising from Chen Ping’s body!
As Chen Ping’s body burst into flames, the six shadow doppelgangers also began to burn up!