“Eldest Miss, would this be too risky if ……”
Elder Yu still wanted to say something, but he was interrupted by Zhu Ling!
“Alright, let’s do it like this, we’ll make plans after senior brother comes out from the Siyou Cliff, in these few days you guys just pretend you don’t know, no one should look for trouble with that Huo Yuan Ting.”
“Got it!” Seeing this, Elder Yu could only listen to Zhu Ling’s words!
The crowd that had been gathered all dispersed!
Elder Cui also left, while Zhu Ling looked at Elder Yu and said, “Elder Yu, you don’t know, but actually, my father’s insanity is gone, and he’s now recovering his divine sense.”
“In order to not let that Huo Yuan Ting know, so he didn’t tell anyone, at that time, he inadvertently touched the formation, it was me who did it, I brought Chen Ping along to meet my father.”
“It’s only in order to not let that Huo Yuan Ting get suspicious, that’s why senior brother stayed behind alone and took the blame on himself!”
“So in these few days, don’t mess with that Huo Yuan Ting for now, if we wait for my father to fully recover and come out of the mountain, even if that Huo Yuan Ting forcibly opens the Divine Volcano, it will be useless!”
Zhu Ling followed Elder Yu and explained, she was afraid that Elder Yu couldn’t help but stop that Huo Yuan Ting!
“So it turns out that Eldest Miss followed along, this guy is so tight lipped, he didn’t even tell me.”
“I’ll listen to everything Missy arranges ……”
Elder Yu immediately nodded his head after knowing the reason!
Since then, the entire Purple Flame Sect became quiet, and the Old Sect Master’s lineage pretended to be unaware of it, not to mess with Huo Yuan Ting and those people!
Huo Yuan Ting, on the other hand, was waiting for Gu Tian Chao to crack the array disc and open the divine volcano!
He also didn’t care about Elder Yu and the others, as long as these people didn’t make trouble, he was happy to do whatever he wanted!
As long as he got the Divine Flame Seal, then he would become the true Sect Master of the Violet Flame Sect!
At that time, whoever he wanted to tell to get out of the Purple Flame Sect would have to get out!
Three days passed in the blink of an eye!
When Chen Ping stepped out of the Thought Cliff, he unexpectedly had a transcendent aura on his body!
“If I didn’t still have things to do, I would really like to stay here at the Thoughtfulness Cliff for a few more days!”
Chen Ping was reluctant to leave the Siwai Cliff!
In addition to being able to cultivate the True Fire Dharma Body, he could also use the flames on that mountain to quench his body!
This kind of good thing didn’t come along all the time!
It seemed that this Si Dou Cliff was originally the place used by the old ancestors of the Purple Flame Sect to teach their techniques!
It was only that the Purple Flame Sect disciples who came to the Si-Shou Cliff were so intent on leaving quickly and still suffering, that they simply couldn’t discover the gong methods on the Si-Shou Cliff!
At that time, if it wasn’t for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s reminder, Chen Ping was afraid that it would be difficult for him to discover that there would be a merit law on top of the Siwai Cliff!
Speaking of which, this was also a sort of coincidence that allowed Chen Ping to be blessed by a misfortune!
“Senior brother, you have finally come out, are you alright?”
Wei Qing knew that it was time for Chen Ping to contemplate, so he came to pick him up on purpose!
“It’s fine, it’s quite good, senior brother have you stayed at the Siwu Cliff?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Of course I’ve stayed, all of us deacon disciples, when we are honoured to be promoted to deacon, we all have to be quenched at the Siyou Cliff.”
“Otherwise, how would I know that the Thoughtful Cliff is horrible, it’s simply not a place for people to stay.”
Wei Qing looked very resistant when he brought up the Thoughtful Cliff!
“Could it be that senior brother didn’t realise that there is something special about the Si Crossing Cliff?”
Chen Ping looked at Wei Qing and asked!
“What’s so special about it? What could be so special about it? Have you discovered something?”
Wei Qing asked curiously!
“No, I’m just casually asking.” Chen Ping smiled, then continued, “Senior brother, I’ve thought about these three days, that Huo Dong isn’t looking for trouble, right?”
“No, where would they have the heart to look for trouble, right now, Huo Yuan Ting has found formation masters from the Two Yi Sect, and is forcibly opening the Divine Volcano, that Huo Dong has personally brought people to guard the left and right to protect the law!”
Wei Qing said with a helpless face!