Although Zhu Hao was angry, he did not make a move, because he knew that at this moment, if he made a move, he would definitely lose.
“Good, I remember you, our Zhu family will take revenge, all of you people will not end up well today.”
After Zhu Hao finished speaking, he waved his hand and said, “Let’s go ……”
Zhu Hao led his men to leave, and when Hong Qianjiu saw this, he also shook his head straight: “Boring, really boring ……”
Hong Qianjiu also led his men to leave, and at this moment only Jiang Wei was left with his men!
Chen Ping looked at the fading Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu and knew that he could not delay any longer, so he rushed towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
Rumble …………
A lightning bolt struck down and Chen Ping’s body was instantly struck, directly knocking Chen Ping to the ground!
Gritting his teeth, Chen Ping leapt up and charged towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu once more!
A faint golden glow emerged from Chen Ping’s body, his eyes fixed on the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Cao with a deadly stare!
Boom …………
Another bolt of lightning, and the black clouds in mid-air seemed to be going crazy at the moment, rolling over and over as blue lightning continued to weave through the clouds!
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand began to buzz and tremble continuously, as if it wanted to break free from Chen Ping’s hand!
Seeing this, Chen Ping fiercely threw the Dragon Cutting Sword into mid-air, “Go ……”
Like a wild horse, the Dragon Slashing Sword went straight towards the thunderbolt!
The thunderbolt struck directly at the sword’s body, causing it to glow blue!
Despite being struck by the lightning, the sword continued its momentum and charged straight into the black cloud!
Within the black cloud, the Dragon Cutting Sword followed the blue lightning and tangled with it!
When Chen Ping saw this, his heart was shocked, he was afraid that the Dragon Cutting Sword would not be able to withstand the lightning power and would be damaged!
In Chen Ping’s heart, the Dragon Cutting Sword was not only a weapon, but also a friend.
“Chen Ping, what are you hesitating for, hurry up and take down the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu ah ……”
The first time I saw Chen Ping looking up at the sky, he shouted anxiously!
Only then did Chen Ping react and hurriedly went forward and grabbed the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
With a gentle push, the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu was released from the ground!
Chen Ping was thrilled to feel the vigorous spiritual energy within the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
With the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu in Chen Ping’s hand, the black clouds in the sky began to dissipate rapidly, and the blue lightning also disappeared.
The Dragon Cutting Sword fell from the sky and was instantly caught in Chen Ping’s hand!
As soon as Chen Ping got hold of the Dragon Cutting Sword, he felt a surge of lightning power spread from his palm to his whole body!
Chen Ping was astonished and couldn’t help but look at the Dragon Cutting Sword, only to see that a blue lightning power was flashing on the sword of the Dragon Cutting Sword!
“This …………”
Chen Ping’s heart was shocked, he was afraid that his Dragon Cutting Sword would be damaged by the power of thunder and lightning!
A ray of divine dragon power entered into the Dragon Cutting Sword, followed by Chen Ping’s divine sense began to follow the Dragon Cutting Sword to communicate!
The Dragon Chopping Sword also sensed Chen Ping’s communication and actually hummed continuously, seemingly responding to Chen Ping!
“Chop ……”
Chen Ping took the Dragon Chopping Sword and swung it violently towards the distance, he wanted to know if the power of the Dragon Chopping Sword was still the same as before!
Rumble …………
With this chopping of Chen Ping’s sword, suddenly the heavens and earth changed and the wind roared!
A blue bolt of lightning instantly shot out from the Dragon Chopper Sword!
The mountain not far away was instantly blown flat by the force of this lightning.
Rocks flew about and trees were turned into ashes as if it was the end of the world!
Chen Ping looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand incredulously, he didn’t expect this Dragon Cutting Sword to possess the power of thunder and lightning!
And as the others watched this scene, their eyes fell out in shock!