“As ordered ……”
As soon as Zhao Liguo heard this, he immediately roared loudly with his body straight.
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were surprised, not understanding when this Shadowless Villa became Chen Ping’s power, although they did not understand, the two did not ask, as Chen Ping’s women, they would only support Chen Ping unconditionally.
With Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er following Zhao Liguo, Chen Ping did not have to worry about the remaining minions of the Thunderbolt Sect and the Xuanyuan Family making any waves.
After Zhao Liguo left with his men, Chen Ping also got up and headed for the Bai family!
Since Chen Ping intended to gain a foothold in Kyoto, he also needed to use the power of the Bai family. Although the Bai family did not have much influence in the martial arts world, the Bai family had many industries and was also famous in the business circle of Kyoto.
…………
The Bai family in Kyoto!
Bai Xiushan looked very grave, and within the hall of the Bai family’s villa, there were quite a few Bai family executives gathered together!
“Zhan Tang, how is the information I asked you to inquire about?”
Bai Xiushan asked as he turned to Bai Zhan Tang.
“Grandpa, no one even knows what kind of Mr. Chen is right now, but looking at the news released by the Martial Alliance, Mr. Chen should have been seriously injured by Guo Wei, and it will be hard to heal for a while ……”
Bai Zhan Tang said with a downcast expression.
“Ai!” When Bai Xiushan heard this, he sighed helplessly.
He had bet the Bai family all on Chen Ping because he knew of Chen Ping’s immortal cultivation status, but now it seemed that Chen Ping was still a little too weak and had grown up for too short a time.
“Family head, you’d better make up your mind as soon as possible, I reckon Qin Xiaotian will be here soon!”
A senior rose up and said to Bai Xiushan.
“What is there to settle, our Bai family is already following the Qin family, they want to annex my Bai family’s properties, that is a delusion, big deal, we will fight with them ……”
Bai Zhan Tang gritted his teeth and said with a face of anger.
After the Martial Arts Union let out the word that Chen Ping had been seriously injured by Guo Wei, the Qin family started looking for trouble with the Bai family and demanded that within three days, the Bai family hand over all their industries and get out of Kyoto!
“If it was just one Qin Xiaotian, our Bai Family wouldn’t be afraid and we could still fight with them, but with that Qin Family’s second son Qin Xiaoxian back, how can our Bai Family be a match? It only takes one Qin Xiaoxian to wipe out all of our Bai family ……”
A senior officer advised Bai Zhan Tang.
Hearing this, Bai Zhan Tang did not speak anymore because it was all true, Qin Xiaoxian was a Martial Sect, it would only be a matter of raising his hand to exterminate their Bai family.
Just as everyone fell into silence, a sudden burst of arrogant laughter came out!
“Hahahaha, three days are up, has the old thing thought it over, will you meekly hand over your estate and get out of Kyoto, or do you want to leave the lives of all your Bai family members behind?”
Qin Xiaotian led his men into the Bai family hall with an arrogant look on his face, while he then had someone move a chair and sat directly in front of Bai Xiushan.
Seeing that Qin Xiaotian was the only one to bring people over, and that Qin Xiaoxian did not follow, Bai Xiushan’s face looked slightly better.
“Qin Xiaotian, although your two families and mine have always been at odds, but it has not gone so far as to drive them to extinction, now you are directly driving our Bai family out of Kyoto, isn’t that a bit too much? In doing so, aren’t you afraid that the Martial Dao Alliance will punish your Qin family?”
Bai Xiushan asked with a cold face as he turned to Qin Xiaotian.
“Hahahaha ……” When Qin Xiaotian heard this, he burst out laughing again, “Old thing, are you confused, if there was no authorization from above, would I do this with? To tell you the truth, that brat Chen Ping has offended the Martial Dao Alliance, and your Bai family is following that brat Chen Ping, so I came over to take over your Bai family, and it was also the authorization of the Martial Dao Alliance, you don’t need to presume to use the Martial Dao Alliance to pressure me.”