“That’s him!”Chen Ping nodded, “Let’s hide first and see what this fellow is up to!”
“Palace Master, you take the Sacred Maiden of the Guanghan Palace and continue on, pretending that you don’t know anything, while I hide with Patriarch Jiang and the others.”
“If we let that Di Chongjing fellow discover us, he would probably turn his head and run away ……”
Chen Ping decided that he would let the people from the Guanghan Palace lure that Di Chongjing to reveal himself, he wanted to see what this Di Chongjing was going to do!
“Good.”The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace nodded!
Chen Ping used the formation to shield the aura on him and Patriarch Jiang and the others so that they would not be probed by that Di Chongjing and the others, and then had the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace continue to walk forward with the many holy women!
“Sect Master, there seems to be people in front of us, and there are quite a few of them ……”
At this moment, a disciple beside Di Chongjing said!
Di Chong Jing’s eyes closed slightly, then slowly opened and said, “This batch of cultivators’ strength is not bad, there’s even a Mahayana realm expert inside, all give me a boost, if we capture these people back, Eldest Brother’s cultivation resources will be there!”
After saying that, Di Chong Jing led the people to quickly approach towards the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and the girls!
The aura on the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master’s body hadn’t been restrained all this time, and she was deliberately letting Di Chongjing and the others detect it!
“Stop, who are you people? How did you get here?”
Soon, Di Chongjing led her people to follow the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master as they met head on, and then loudly questioned!
Seeing Di Chongjing and the others, the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace slightly froze before speaking, “Who are you people? This Heavenly Demon Mountain isn’t your home, I’ll go wherever I please……”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace knew the bottom line of Di Chongjing and these people, so he didn’t have the slightest bit of politeness!
“Yell, you’re a female cultivator, you’re still quite mad ah ……”
Di Chongjing didn’t expect the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace to be so wild and looked a little surprised!
“Sect master, these female cultivators look really watery ah, don’t talk nonsense with them, directly capture them back, let us have a good time.”
“When we’ve played enough, we’ll send them to the master uncle for cultivation, it doesn’t affect …… anyway.”
A Blood and Bone Sect disciple licked his lips and said!
Many people’s harrumphs were about to flow out, they Blood and Bone Sect used to hide in the east and west .Hiding, they were now also entrenched deep in the Heavenly Demon Mountain and rarely ran around!
There were very few female cultivators that they had seen, let alone sleeping with one!
“Unproductive thing, your brain just knows how to think about women all day long!”
Di Chongjing glared, then looked at the Guanghan Palace Palace Master with the corners of her mouth raised and said, “Sister, since you’ve met us, it’s destiny, let me tell you, this area is our territory, you’ll have to pay a price if you want to pass through here.”
“Your territory? It’s written with your family’s name?”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace snorted coldly and said!
“Little b*tch, how can you talk after our Sect Master, let me tell you, this hundreds of miles around is our Blood and Bone Sect’s territory.”
“This is our Blood and Bone Sect’s Sect Master, if you are not honest, eat all of you ……”
A Blood Bone Sect disciple said hideously!
“Blood and Bone Sect?”The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master froze, then shook his head and said, “I’ve never heard of it, I guess it’s some kind of cockamamie sect that doesn’t have much of a reputation!”
“What? You dare to say that our Blood Bone Sect has no fame?”
Di Chong Jing was instantly enraged, back then, in order to hunt down their Blood Bone Sect, the cultivators of the Heavenly Demon Mountain generation had united quite a few of them!
Who didn’t know about the Blood and Bone Sect back then, and they trembled when they talked about the Blood and Bone Sect!
Although the Blood and Bone Sect nowadays had a much lower profile, it wasn’t possible that it didn’t have a reputation!
However, what the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said was indeed true, she did not know what Blood and Bone Sect was!
After all, Broad Cold Palace had existed for many times longer than the Blood and Bone Sect!