“Cheng’er, go and get your sixth brother, I want to ask him how on earth he knows a pharmacist like Mr Chen ……”
Ji Lianjun was also curious to know how exactly Ji Yun followed Chen Ping and met him!
Ji Cheng nodded and then got Ji Yun here!
In the face of Ji Lian Jun’s enquiry, Ji Yun did not hide too much and told him everything about following Chen Ping!
Ji Lianjun as well as Ji Cheng listened to all of Chen Ping’s deeds, and both of them were stunned! .
None of them could have imagined that Chen Ping, a small cultivator who only looked like he was at the Harmonisation Realm, would be able to defeat the Ferrying Realm!
And also dared to offend the Demon Sealing Alliance by beheading the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Branch Rudder Master!
“Sixth brother, you’re not lying, are you? If you say so, this Chen is really a strange person.”
Ji Cheng was a little less daring to believe, after all, every single thing Chen Ping had done had exceeded their perceptions!
“Demon Sealing Alliance, how dare he mess with the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
Ji Lianjun’s brows furrowed slightly!
A moment later, Ji Lian Jun instructed Ji Yun “Xian Nephew, remember, Mr Chen’s identity should not be mentioned to anyone either, if Mr Chen really cures your grandfather, I will send you a sum of resources, hurry up and get out of here.”
“Also it’s a long way to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, you guys need a teleportation array to get there, I can send someone to send you guys to Vermilion Emperor City, there’s a teleportation array there that can teleport you to the Southern Domain.”
“Big brother, is something going to happen to our Ji family? I always feel like you and big brother are hiding something from me.”
Ji Yun asked as he looked towards Ji Lian Jun in doubt!
“It’s fine, in this Yellow and Blue City, our Ji Family is the sky, what can happen, don’t think nonsense, let your big brother take you around properly.”
Ji Lian Jun patted Ji Yun’s shoulder, then let Ji Cheng lead Ji Yun away!
On the other side, Chen Ping, after a night of refining, had refined the elixir for the old master of the Ji family and was ready to send the elixir to Ji Lianjun!r>
But just as he walked out the door, he saw the two sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling, hovering at the door!
“Both of you, what’s the matter?”
Chen Ping saw the two of them and asked out loud!
“Mr Chen, the two of us sisters have come here specifically to apologise to you, as well as my sister who also wants to thank you.”
“Some time ago, our sisters did misunderstand you guys, I hope Mr Chen won’t be offended.”
“Yesterday, thanks to Mr Chen’s whip, my sister was able to defeat that Ji Meizhen.”
Ji Meiling said as she gratefully looked towards Chen Ping!
“It’s alright, Ji Yun and I are friends, these things are nothing.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Mr Chen, do you have time then, we would like to invite you to take a walk on the streets, so that you can also enjoy the beauty of our Yellow Blue City.” Ji Meiling asked
“I was just about to go find your fathers, your grandfather’s pills have been refined and are ready to be taken.”
Chen Ping said!
“Then we will take you to ……,” Ji Meiling said enthusiastically!
Chen Ping nodded, then followed behind the two sisters as they walked towards Ji Lian Jun’s residence!
Along the way, Ji Meiling always followed Chen Ping with a smile and a laugh, on the contrary, it was the stronger Ji Meiyan, at this moment, she was just like a shy young girl, always sneaking a look at Chen Ping, not saying a word!
Ji Meiyan looked at Chen Ping’s eyes, through a special kind of emotion, in fact, Chen Ping could also detect it, but he pretended to know nothing!
This Ji family was nothing more than a passerby, in a few days, they would be leaving for the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Chen Ping did not want to leave any emotional entanglements behind in these few days!
Moreover, Chen Ping was not short of women, the Fire Phoenix had always been around, if Chen Ping had a need, the Fire Phoenix could totally help himself out!
Ji Lian Jun’s mansion, at the very back of the Ji family, this was also the fringe of the Yellow and Blue City!