But because her strength had been suppressed, Su Yuqi was now no different from an ordinary person, she couldn’t break free from Zhu Zhishan!
Zhu Zhishan grabbed Su Yuqi and his sharp dagger slashed across Su Yuqi’s arm, instantly a wound appeared and blood flowed out!
There was a bowl on the ground and the blood all dripped into it.
Soon, a bowl full of blood flowed out from Su Yuqi’s body and Zhu Zhishan hurriedly helped Su Yuqi bandage her wound.
Carrying the bowl of bright red blood, Zhu Zhishan’s eyes glowed and he licked his lips!
Walking out of the dungeon, he said to the two guards at the entrance, “Follow me to serve this woman well, if she loses a hair, you know the consequences ……”
“As you command ……”
The two guards’ bodies shook slightly, they had never seen, being locked up in the dungeon and served like this before.
“Allied Lord, how is it?”
At this time, Guo Wei, who was waiting in the hall, saw Zhu Zhishan walking out with a bowl of blood and hurriedly asked.
“Whether this girl is a spirit body or not, I still have to take her blood and test it to find out, but this matter must be kept secret, and no one is allowed to say anything.”
Zhu Zhishan barked at Guo Wei.
“Don’t worry, Lord, the few people who went with me have been sent away, no one will know.”
Guo Wei said with great confidence.
“En!” Zhu Zhishan nodded in satisfaction.
But at that moment, a manic and urgent aura instantly enveloped the air above the Martial Alliance!
“Guo Wei, you son of a b*tch, get out of here ……”
This was followed by a furious shout, which was like rolling thunder, and the entire Martial Dao Alliance seemed to shake.
Guo Wei and Zhu Zhishan’s faces instantly changed, followed by a flash of their bodies and they were in the courtyard!
The two of them wanted to see which one of them had the guts to come to the Martial Dao Alliance and cause trouble!
When the two arrived in the courtyard, they saw Chen Ping standing there with an angry face, a tyrannical murderous aura rising and spreading from Chen Ping’s body!
“Chen Ping, what are you doing barging into my Martial Dao Alliance at night? Are you really not afraid of death?”
Zhu Zhishan looked towards Chen Ping and said with a cold expression on his face.
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to Zhu Zhishan, but instead placed his gaze on Guo Wei, his obsidian-like eyes emitting an icy and harsh light that gave off an endless sense of oppression.
“Guo Wei, release Yu Qi to me ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and said in an unquestionable voice.
“What are you talking about? Why can’t I understand?”
Guo Wei shook his head as if he didn’t know anything.
“You don’t have to pretend, you are the one who captured my girlfriend, if you don’t let her go today, I will make you regret it ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, and the spiritual energy of his entire body began to boil.
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Guo Wei suddenly laughed out loud.
“You don’t have to f*cking talk big, just with this ability, what can you do to me?”
Guo Wei was not afraid of Chen Ping’s threat in the slightest, if the two of them fought alone, Guo Wei’s strength at the peak of Martial Sect, Chen Ping was no match at all.
“Let her go …………”
Chen Ping shouted explosively, followed by a great golden light on his entire body, a piece of scales instantly covered Chen Ping’s entire body.
Terrifying spiritual energy surrounded Chen Ping, and at this moment, Chen Ping was like a sun that suddenly appeared in the darkness of the night, illuminating the entire Martial Alliance brightly!
“I am asking you one question, will you release the people?”
Chen Ping asked in a single word.
“I said, I can’t understand what you’re saying ……”
Guo Wei had a teasing look on his face!
“Seek death …………”
With that, Chen Ping’s figure instantly transformed into a stream of light and ruthlessly came towards Guo Wei.
The tremendous oppression instantly made the banter on Guo Wei’s face disappear and was replaced by a face of gravity!
The black light began to emerge from Guo Wei’s palms, and then it became brighter and brighter, finally turning into two black balls of light.