“Alright, I won’t fight, let Jin Yuan battle the ring!”
Chen Ping did not intend to defend the ring, after all, he did not know much about the eight secret realms, so he just happened to make use of this conference to understand the strength of the major secret realms!
With Chen Ping having given the word, Ge Cangsheng also stopped arguing and allowed Jin Yuan to enter the ring!
Soon, someone started to look for an opponent to fight, but Yao Shenghui, who was the number one on the Wind and Cloud Ranking, had no one in front of the ring at all, and no one was foolish enough to follow Yao Shenghui to fight in the first match!
At this moment, Yao Sheng Hui was sitting in the ring with a bit of smugness on his face, the face that he had just lost on the Dragon Tattoo Clock seemed to have been recovered at this moment!
No one dared to fight against him, that proved that these people were afraid of him!
Chen Ping also just swept a glance at that Yao Shenghui, but Yao Shenghui saw it and immediately beckoned, “Chen Ping, you can knock out nine golden dragons with a single hammer, your strength must be very strong, why don’t the two of us fight?”
Yao Shenghui was eager to follow Chen Ping in a match, if he defeated Chen Ping, then the limelight that Chen Ping had just made would instantly be overshadowed by him!
“No fight, I can’t beat you ……”
Chen Ping waved his hand and said without hesitation!
This time, it made Yao Shenghui feel a little surprised, to know that for them cultivators, the desperate cultivation was to get ahead, no one was willing to admit that their strength was not good!
But as soon as Chen Ping opened his mouth, he even admitted that he could not beat him, which greatly exceeded Yao Sheng Hui’s expectations!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to Yao Shenghui, but started to wander around in front of the other rings, looking at those people fighting in the ring, to understand the strength of these people in the Secret Realm!
“Mr Chen, aren’t you going to get into the ring and fight?”
Hou Zhen asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head, “I’d better take a look first, we’ll talk later ……”
Hou Zhen knew that Chen Ping was waiting, waiting to see if a weaker one would get into the ring, Chen Ping would make his move and have a higher chance of winning!
“Mr Chen, you have three chances anyway, as long as you don’t get beaten three times, you can keep on challenging.”
Hou Zhen said.
Chen Ping smiled faintly, but also did not intend to get into the ring, he would just take a look around and make plans in the end!
“Mr Chen, since you’re not going up to the ring, then I’ll go up ……”
After Hou Zhen finished speaking, his body leapt up and directly jumped onto a ring, and at the moment, above that ring was also a small man dressed in a skinny outfit!
Chen Ping just swept a glance, then shook his head slightly and turned around with the intention of leaving!
“Mr Chen, are you thinking that Hou Zhen can’t beat the person in the ring?”
At this time, Ge Yuhan saw Chen Ping with that look and asked.
“Can’t beat them, the monkey can support one move at most ……”
Chen Ping said.
“One move?”Ge Yu Han was a little less convinced and said, “Although Hou Zhen’s strength is not high, but he ……”
Before Ge Yuhan finished her words, she only heard a bang!
Only Hou Zhen’s body instantly flew down from above the ring and fell heavily to the ground!
At this moment, Ge Yuhan looked at Hou Zhen and didn’t even know what to say!
Hou Zhen got up and then said with a reddened face, “Careless, careless ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and did not say anything else!
However, right at this moment, a dainty cry instantly caught Chen Ping’s attention!
Chen Ping looked over and realised that Han Qing’er had already gone up to the stage and was following a white clothed man in a battle!
Han Qing’er held a longsword in her hand, waving it around in her hand, the longsword was like a poisonous snake, constantly attacking!
On the other hand, the man in white was unperturbed and unsteady, with a few smiles on his face as he kept dodging!
It could be seen that the man in white was clearly just letting Han Qing’er go, and wasn’t in a hurry to defeat Han Qing’er!
“Why did Miss Han choose this guy to fight? He’s clearly not an opponent!”
Hou Zhen saw this and said in confusion.