Walking into the examination place, Chen Ping looked around and found that the formation was just a simple attacking formation, which would not be too strong, so Chen Ping did not care and walked straight ahead!
Just after Chen Ping took a few steps, several spiritual lights suddenly appeared in mid-air, and then these spiritual lights kept shooting towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping simply glanced at them, a cold smile appeared at the corner of his mouth, and he walked straight ahead, not caring about those spiritual lights at all!
Whoosh whoosh …………
One by one, the spiritual lights struck Chen Ping, but surprisingly, they were all bounced away, not causing any damage to Chen Ping at all!
Chen Ping hadn’t even unleashed his Invincible Golden Body, with his strong physical body alone, these simple offensive formations would not have been able to hurt Chen Ping at all!
If these spiritual lights could injure Chen Ping, then none of the outer disciples who had come to take the examination would be able to pass!
At this moment, outside the examination place, a smooth stone slab mapped out Chen Ping’s situation at the examination place, this was also to prevent anyone from cheating!
When the Second Elder saw that Chen Ping had actually ignored those attacking spells and walked forward idly, his entire body was stunned!
His mouth was open and his face was full of disbelief!
He knew that many disciples had failed to pass this first level, which tested the flexibility of movement, and did not allow them to use their physical bodies to resist these attacks, but to dodge them!
Now Chen Ping ignored the attacks and walked straight ahead, the Second Elder had never seen such a way to pass the level!
When Nie Heng saw this scene, he wasn’t surprised in the slightest, he had experienced how strong Chen Ping’s physical body was!
“Damn, this kid is really evil ……”
The Second Elder said, then a white light struck into the formation of that examination place!
He was adjusting the difficulty level of the test, making it harder and the attack of the formation a little stronger!
If he didn’t have these means to manipulate the test, who would secretly give him gifts!
“Second Senior Uncle, what are you ……”
Seeing this, Nie Heng hurriedly tried to stop the Second Elder!
“Shut the hell up and get out of the way, this has not been your master’s disciple, what are you meddling in.”
The Second Elder glared at Nie Heng, scaring him back!
But even though the Second Elder had raised the test’s does to the maximum, Chen Ping still rampaged all the way through, ignoring it at all!
And those formation attacks, hitting Chen Ping, were just like scratching an itch, such simple spell formations, even if they were being adjusted, how much more powerful could they be?
In the dumbfounded expression of the Second Elder, Chen Ping turned around in the examination ground and walked out, then shook the dust from his body and said “Alright, it’s through, no more than ten minutes, right?”
The second elder was still in shock and did not react, but Nie Heng hurriedly said “No, no, it only took eight minutes ……”
“Does this count as passing the test? Am I already a disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Theoretically yes, just …………”
Nie Heng didn’t finish his sentence and looked at the Second Elder on the side!
Because only when the Second Elder nodded and issued the Jade Tripod Sect Inner Disciple token would they be considered official Jade Tripod Sect Inner Disciples and enjoy the various benefits of the Jade Tripod Sect!
“Second Elder, is this test considered to have passed?”
Nie Heng asked to the dumbfounded Second Elder!
“Huh?” The Second Elder was startled awake, and after giving an ah-dao, he nodded his head “It’s considered passed ……”
“Since we’ve passed, I’ll leave ……”
Chen Ping intended to go down the mountain to find the Third Elder, he wanted to find out about the Jade Tripod Sect’s Hidden Medicine Pavilion!
“Wait a minute ……”
Just as Chen Ping turned around to leave, the Second Elder suddenly called out to him.
“Haven’t I passed the test? What else is going on?”
Chen Ping asked!