“Well then, solve this game of chess so I can answer your question!”
Zhou Botong said as he pointed to the chess board in front of him.
Chen Ping took a look at it and was dumbfounded, he didn’t know how to play chess at all, how could he solve the game?
“Senior Zhou, I’m really sorry, I don’t know how to play chess, so there’s no way to solve it!”
“But if you answer my questions, I can give you money, as much as you want.”
Chen Ping said as he said.
“Don’t know how to play chess, then don’t bother me here, I’m not short of money at all, get lost ……”
Zhou Botong waved his hand impatiently!
This caused Chen Ping to be somewhat at a loss for words, and could only stand in place, quietly looking at the chess board in front of him.
Zhou Bo Tong stopped paying attention to Chen Ping and Ge Fu Hai, and studied the game carefully by himself!
Just when Chen Ping’s brow was slightly furrowed, not knowing what to do, he suddenly remembered the wordless book of heaven in his mind!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping spoke, “Senior Zhou, if I solve this game of chess, will you answer my questions?”
“Of course, I can answer any questions you have if you help me solve the chess game, provided that I know about it.”
“The martial arts world is as vast as the sea, not everything I know.”
Zhou Botong said as he raised his head.
Chen Ping nodded, then sat down opposite Zhou Botong, followed by a hand that gently grabbed the chessboard!
A ray of spiritual energy gently punched into the chessboard!
Soon the history of the chessboard and the method of breaking the game in front of him flashed in Chen Ping’s mind!
Chen Ping smiled faintly and spoke, “Senior Zhou, this chessboard was set up by Master Huang, the chess sage, to break this stalemate, you must have the centre blossom ……”
As Chen Ping said, he began to drop the pieces one by one, and soon a seemingly insoluble stalemate game was directly brought to life by Chen Ping!
Zhou Botong looked at the scene in front of him, his eyes were wide open and he was directly stunned!
“I …… the stump game I’ve been thinking about for years, and it’s so easy for you to crack?”
Zhou Botong was full of incredulity, “In you guy, how dare you say you don’t know how to play chess!”
“But I promised you, you can ask me now ……”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping hurriedly and happily asked, “I would like to ask senior Zhou if he knows where the Kuchan Temple is?”
“The Kuchan Temple is located at the peak of the Southwest Broken Cliff Peak, there should be quite a few people who know about this Kuchan Temple, after all, there are quite a few followers of the Kuchan Temple, is it worthwhile for you to come to me with such a question?”
Zhou Botong asked in a very surprised manner.
Chen Ping was embarra*sed, how could he know that so many people knew about this Kuchan Temple?
No one around him knew anyway!
“Well, I’ll count this question as a gift to you, what other questions do you have to ask?”
Zhou Botong said.
Chen Ping thought for a moment, then spoke, “Senior Zhou, I would like to ask if you know about the Regeneration Spring? And are there many hidden sects in the martial arts world?”
“You backwoodsman actually knows about the Regeneration Spring, but I don’t know about such places, I am not a god although I am called called being called a Pepsi.”
“But there are indeed quite a few hidden sects in this martial arts world, among which there are three sects and six factions that are the strongest, if any of the sects here come out, I’m afraid that the whole martial arts world can make a storm!”
Zhou Botong replied!
“Senior Zhou, then where are all these hidden sects? How come I can’t see them either?”
Chen Ping continued to ask curiously.
“I promised to answer one of your questions, but you’ve asked too much, so you’d better go back quickly.”
“Since those hidden sects don’t come out of the mountains, you’d better not mess with them either, or you’ll die a horrible death!”
Zhou Botong finished and waved his hand!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only get up and say goodbye!
But having already known the location of the Kuchan Temple, he had to go and seek revenge on that Shi Qingpei father and son first, and as for finding the Regeneration Spring, Chen Ping decided that it was better to start with those hidden sects.
Because Chen Ping felt that this Regeneration Spring, which was so rare, must be in the sphere of influence of some hidden sect, and that was why it was not known to the people.
Chen Ping bid farewell to Ge Fuhai, then headed straight for that Kuchan Temple!
This time, he had to torture Shi Qingpei and his son to death!