“Fighting with me, you are still too young ……”
Qi Peijia looked at the Divine King’s Bow by Chen Ping’s side, his eyes filled with greed as he slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!
If Chen Ping died, then the treasures on Chen Ping’s body would all be his!
Qi Peijia’s slap was very casual, because in Chen Ping’s current condition, he could make Chen Ping meet the King of Hell with a casual slap!
But just as Qi Peijia slapped his palm down, suddenly Chen Ping’s body flashed with light!
Immediately after that, a deafening hissing roar resounded throughout the entire Divine Demon Battlefield!
This roar directly shattered that palm of Qi Peijia’s, and the defenseless Qi Peijia was sent flying by that huge sound wave!
The Heaven Swallowing Beast stood on top of Chen Ping and actually came up and licked Chen Ping’s face!
The palm-sized Heaven Swallowing Beast had just exploded with such great power with that roar!
Chen Ping felt the aura of the Heaven Swallowing Beast and gradually had colour in his eyes as he slowly climbed up from the bottom of the pit!
Seeing Chen Ping climb up, the Heaven Swallowing Beast seemed to be very happy, and after turning around twice on Chen Ping’s shoulders, it even leapt up, like a meteor rushing into the mid-air.
Immediately after the Heaven Swallowing Beast opened its mouth, the endless black mist was actually inhaled by this Heaven Swallowing Beast in half!
Qi Peijia looked at the palm-sized Heaven Swallowing Beast in mid-air, his eyes filled with incomprehension and doubt!
He did not know what kind of demonic beast it was, such a small size, but it emitted such a terrifying aura, and it was also able to swallow the black mist emanating from its own Heavenly Underworld Eye in one bite!
Chen Ping was also shocked as he looked at the Heaven Swallowing Beast, he thought that this little guy was too small to do anything, but he didn’t expect such a small size to have such power!
After the Heaven Swallowing Beast swallowed half of the black mist in one gulp, it fell down from mid-air, Chen Ping reached out to catch it and realised that the Heaven Swallowing Beast’s stomach was bulging!
And the little guy was constantly belching, seemingly somewhat propped up!
Looking at the cute appearance of the little Heaven Swallowing Beast, Chen Ping found himself liking it more and more!
Just when Chen Ping wanted this Heaven Swallowing Beast to help himself to a fight with Qi Peijia, the Heaven Swallowing Beast even flickered and ran to Chen Ping’s storage ring and huffed and puffed!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was speechless for a while, this little guy was probably just evil and ran out to eat!
Now this Heaven Swallowing Beast not only devours Immortal Qi, even the black mist of this Demon Race can be swallowed, which made Chen Ping very surprised, in that case, Chen Ping would not have to specially look for Immortal Qi for the Heaven Swallowing Beast!
And at this moment, Qi Peijia, shocked, looked at Chen Ping, he did not understand how Chen Ping had such a powerful demonic beast on him, and it was so small in size!
Because Qi Peijia didn’t know what this demonic beast was, he didn’t dare to attack in a rash manner!
Chen Ping did not have the help of the Heaven Swallowing Beast and did not dare to make a rash attack either, so the two confronted each other!
Just as the two were confronting each other, hundreds of miles away from them, the Lion King frowned and said with excitement “God King Bow, the breath of the God King Bow has appeared again ……”
After saying that, the Lion King then quickly ran towards where Chen Ping and Qi Peijia were!
Monkey King, Thousand Faces Demon King, Leopard Emperor also followed closely behind, the Divine King Bow for them, is considered a top level divine weapon, who does not want to get it.
Meanwhile, after taking the Sheng family several people away, Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow found that Chen Ping had not chased after them for a long time, and they also felt that terrifying aura that Qi Peijia had erupted, for the sake of Chen Ping’s comfort, the two of them decided to return!
For a while, the Lion King and the others headed towards the place where Chen Ping and Qi Peijia fought, and the Fire Phoenix and White Shallow were also desperately rushing there!
“Kid, it seems that I still underestimated you, the treasures you have on you are more than I thought.”
Qi Peijia finally spoke, followed by a casual grab!
The only black mist left in the sky was all grasped by Qi Peijia and turned into a sword!
Qi Peijia then made a smooth chop towards Chen Ping, and a brilliant sword light appeared!