When the time came, the Qin family would not have the slightest chance of winning in the face of three families besieging them.
“Fine, let’s roll, let’s roll …………”
Qin Xiaoxian gritted his teeth, his face gloomy and terrifying, and finally turned around and led his men away.
“Second brother, these few brats are too wild, if this continues, we are afraid that we won’t be able to get anything on the island, and there is no way to take revenge on big brother ……”
Qin Xiaotian saw that his second brother had been scolded and ran away, so he couldn’t help but complain.
Qin Xiaoxian did not say a word, his face was incomparably blue, and a murderous aura pervaded his body.
After a long moment of silence, he gritted his teeth and said, “Let’s go, let’s go find that evil cultivator, as long as we unite, we don’t have to fear those few hairy boys ……”
Qin Xiaoxian also found out that the man in the suit was also a martial arts clan, and now that his identity had been discovered, he would definitely also be hiding in the east. Hide.
If they could find the man in the suit and the two parties joined forces, the two Martial Zongs on their side would not have to fear Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai, and even if the three families joined forces, they could still put up a fight.
“Second brother, working with …… with the evil cultivators?” When Qin Xiaotian heard this, he was startled.
If this were to get out, their Qin family would be scolded for life for following the evil cultivator’s cooperation.
“This island is deserted, no one will know about it, big deal, after using that guy, just do him ……”
Qin Xiaoxian made a neck-wiping motion, his eyes full of ruthlessness!
On the other side, after Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai reached an agreement, they came over with their weapons, and the two of them were ready to kill this snow wolf together.
But just after the two men raised their weapons, Chen Ping gave a stop.
“Two, can I have this snow wolf?”
Chen Ping asked.
“You also want to share this beast elixir?” Cheng Kun said with a start.
Chen Ping shook his head, “I am not asking for the beast elixir, I am looking at the snow wolf and want to save its life ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was actually trying to save the snow wolf, Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai burst out laughing.
“What do you take yourself for? The Goddess of Mercy who saves suffering and saves suffering? This snow wolf is just a beast, and you actually look at him with pity? I see that you brat is full of murderous aura, you must have killed people too, you even kill people, and you still look at a wolf with pity?”
Cheng Kun said with a sneer on his face.
“There are people that may not be stronger than a wolf, as long as you two promise not to kill this snow wolf, I can exchange something with you ……”
Chen Ping did not want to start a fight to save the snow wolf, with Chen Ping’s current strength, he was not strong enough to deal with the two families’ attack, knowing that among the people brought by the two families, each of them had a Martial Sect’s existence, and that Xuanyuan Kai was still at the peak of Grand Master’s strength, if he really had to fight, Chen Ping might not be able to win.
What’s more, Chen Ping had to preserve his strength, he had come to find the Dragon Crystal, not to fight.
“What do you want in exchange?”
Xuan Yuan Kai asked with interest.
Chen Ping pondered for a moment, knowing that these two families were magnates and that ordinary things would definitely not enter their eyes, so he spoke, “How about two Marrow Cleansing Pills? I’ll trade two Marrow Cleansing Pills for this Snow Wolf ……”
“Marrow Cleansing Pills?” Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai were all startled, followed by their eyes widening.
One should know that a Marrow Cleansing Pill was a must for crossing over from a martial artist towards the Immortal Cultivation Realm, not everyone could step into the Immortal Cultivation Realm, and not every martial artist could cultivate Immortality.
It is necessary to use the Marrow Cleansing Pill to reshape one’s body to see if one can sense the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. If one can sense the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, then one can practise the Heart Method and absorb the spiritual energy for one’s own use, which is an important step from martial artists to immortal cultivation.
Although it is not difficult to refine the Pill, it is a pity that there are fewer and fewer Dan masters nowadays, not to mention the fact that there are even fewer Dan masters capable of refining the Pill, and this Pill is still a must for every hidden gentry, resulting in demand exceeding supply, which is why it is extremely precious.