Seeing this, Gu Kaiyuan also slammed out a fierce punch!
Boom!
The two forces collided, and this time the entire Xichuan seemed to be able to hear this violent explosion.
In an instant, a fierce wind swept through the air, and heaven and earth changed colour.
It was like the end of the world!
The remnants of the original manor house were all reduced to ashes!
Of the thousands of acres of manor, only the Demon Suppression Tower was still intact and towering in place at the moment.
With this punch, the two men were surprisingly on par with each other, their bodies all retreating backwards.
“Is this the strongest strength you have?”
Gu Kaiyuan’s eyes faintly stared, followed by opening his arms as if he was embracing something.
“Ancestor, give me strength ……”
Gu Kaiyuan roared, and immediately afterwards, from Gu Kaiyuan’s chest, a light burst out, as if it was going to open Gu Kaiyuan up!
Chen Ping’s expression instantly became grave.
He could feel that the aura within Gu Kaiyuan’s body was getting stronger and stronger, and it was even comparable to an old peak Martial Sect powerhouse like Guo Wei.
A ball of light condensed in front of Gu Kaiyuan’s chest, followed by that ball of light rapidly blasting towards Chen Ping.
The speed was so fast that Chen Ping simply had no time to dodge.
Boom!
Chen Ping’s body was sent flying and fell hard to the ground.
A trail of blood began to flow out of his mouth, the golden light on his body dimmed, and the scales wrapped around his body began to crumble a little!
“Chen Ping, today you’re dead, I’ll use my life’s blood, I’ll definitely take your life ……”
Gu Kaiyuan said it, fiercely grabbing forward!
A large hand of light directly grabbed Chen Ping, instantly bringing him in front of Gu Kaiyuan.
Gu Kaiyuan then slammed his fist fiercely into Chen Ping’s chest.
“Go to hell ……”
Gu Kaiyuan roared, he knew that this power of his could not hold up for much longer, so he was going to kill Chen Ping completely as his power faded away!
The aura on Gu Kaiyuan’s body had reached its peak!
Chen Ping brought up a fierce breath, wrapped his body with his spiritual power, and with the added power of his Unbreakable Golden Body, he took a hard punch from Gu Kaiyuan.
Clap …………
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body dimmed and his scales instantly fell off before disappearing in an instant!
With his bronze skin exposed, Chen Ping could now only use his physical body to resist Gu Kaiyuan’s attack hard.
Seeing this, Gu Kaiyuan was overjoyed as he lashed out with another fist!
Chen Ping’s face turned grave at this moment, followed by the instant appearance of a blazing Dragon Slashing Sword in his right hand!
With an unbeatable condensed Qi, the Dragon Cutting Sword slashed towards Gu Kaiyuan’s arm!
Seeing this, Gu Kaiyuan’s body hurriedly retreated backwards.
The Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand still made Gu Kaiyuan fearful.
Chen Ping gazed at Gu Kaiyuan, he found that this kid’s strength, even vaguely surpa*sed that Guo Wei, even when facing Guo Wei, Chen Ping could not have been in such a mess.
It seemed that the power of the ancestors that had been exchanged for their lives could not be underestimated.
“It is too late for you to take out your sword now ……”
Gu Kaiyuan finished, then slowly raised his palm.
In an instant, the earth shook and the mountains shook, and then immediately above Chen Ping’s head, a heavenly hand appeared and slapped fiercely towards Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping swung the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand towards the giant hand.
Several streaks of sword qi pa*sed by, but the giant hand had no intention of stopping.
The tremendous pressure caused Chen Ping’s body to sink downwards continuously.
He mobilised all the spiritual energy in his body and the power of the divine Dragon to resist, but there was still no way to stop the huge hand from pressing down.
But at that moment, all the images of the Holy Light Fist that Chen Ping had seen within the Demon Subduing Tower began to flash in Chen Ping’s mind over and over again.
Each set of images represented a fist!
In the end, all the images merged into one, while an old voice appeared in Chen Ping’s mind, “There is nothing to be done, the image of Dharma being born, if I am born, all people are born, if I die, all people are destroyed, everything in this world is born from the heart ……”