Upon hearing this, Chen Ping immediately pulsed the Extreme Cold Ice Flame at his fingertips!
When the Extreme Cold Ice Flame appeared, the surrounding Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid was indeed condensing into ice!
Seeing that it was effective, Chen Ping worked even harder!
However, the statue was also desperately absorbing the Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid!
In the end, the Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid was completely absorbed, and only a large pile of Immortal Qi ice remained, dragging in Chen Ping’s hand!
At this moment, Chen Ping was holding the statue in one hand and the large ice cube in the other!
Just as Chen Ping wanted to throw the Immortal Qi Ice Cube into his storage ring, he suddenly gave it a stop.
If he threw this Immortal Qi Ice Cube into his storage ring, he was afraid that it would be eaten by that Heaven Swallowing Beast again!
In that case, wouldn’t Chen Ping get nothing!
Just when Chen Ping did not know whether he should put this Immortal Qi Ice Cube into his storage ring or not, Mu Yao brought his people to kill him!
Mu Yao was up there, looking at Chen Ping’s strange appearance, he was also confused, but no matter what, he must snatch that statue back!
“Kid, give me back the statue, I can let you live ……”
Mu Yao came with several people from the Mu Clan with a heavy killing aura!
Seeing this, Chen Ping couldn’t help but frown, then the Immortal Qi ice cube in his hand was gently tossed, followed by a white flame pulsing in his palm!
“Extreme Cold Ice Flame ……”
Chen Ping struck out with a palm!
Countless extremely cold mists came head on towards Mu Yao and the others!
Mu Yao snorted coldly and united with several Mu family members to strike the Flaming Palm together!
The roaring flames, hardened against the white cold mist!
But soon, a scene that shocked Mu Yao and the others appeared.
Only to see that the blazing flames, after colliding with the cold mist, even the flames were instantly frozen!
The flames that were pulsating were all frozen, and could not emit the slightest wave of heat!
A Mu family member who leaned forward was touched by the cold mist, and his entire arm was directly frozen!
Just in a flash of lightning, that cultivator’s arm fell off!
It was hardened and frozen off by this cold mist!
“What a terrifying cold mist, quickly retreat ……”
Mu Yao was startled when he saw this and hurriedly led his men backward!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, seized the moment and leapt up to escape instantly!
Chen Ping looked at the statue in his hand, he couldn’t wait to burn it with a fire, the immortal qi spirit liquid that he had managed to find with great difficulty had all been absorbed by this statue!
Seeing Chen Ping fleeing again, Mu Yao wailed in anger!
“Give me chase, never let him get away ……”
Mu Yao roared and led his men to quickly chase after him!
Chen Ping’s speed was even slower now, even with the Royal Fire Steps, there was no way he could run away at a fast pace!
Soon, Mu Yao brought his men closer and closer, all of these men had scarlet eyes, and then struck out a flame!
These flames intertwined and turned into a huge fire net, enveloping towards Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was also sweating anxiously!
He had things in his hands right now, so there was no way for him to fight back!
Soon, the fire net wrapped Chen Ping, while Mu Yao sneered and said “I’ll see where you kid can escape ……”
Mu Yao and the others quickly controlled the fire net, constantly tightening it!
At the same time, around Mu Yao’s body, the flames kept rising up and the flames above the fire net were expanding rapidly!
This was the intention to burn Chen Ping alive!
Chen Ping was helpless, the Origin Stars within his body flashed as white flames burned around his body.
An extremely cold aura spread from around Chen Ping’s body!
Following the touch of that fire net, it instantly froze the fire net!
Immediately after that, the fire net shattered and Chen Ping escaped once again!
However, Chen Ping knew that his Extreme Cold Ice Flame could only be cast this once, having just refined this Extreme Cold Ice Flame, Chen Ping had not yet properly cultivated it, and having cast it three times in a row, it had long since made Chen Ping feel extremely weak!
“Damn, it’s this move again ……”
Mu Yao cursed when he saw this!
It was so hard to get Chen Ping under control, only to have Chen Ping escape once again!
He really couldn’t figure out what kind of tactics Chen Ping had, even the blazing flames were able to give way to ice freezing, it was simply outrageous!