In just one night!
Six clans and families in Kyoto had been destroyed!
Without exception, all of these clan families were attached to the Ning Family.
In Kyoto, everyone pointed the finger at Chen Ping the first time they dared to do so, and with a clear target.
“This Chen Ping is really a man, it’s only been three days, and he’s actually come back with a vengeance!”
“This time, I guess the Ning family is going to have a headache.”
“Just wait and see today, many clans and families will issue statements and break away from the Ning Family!”
The crowd was chattering!
And at this moment, inside the Ning Family hall!
Ning Zhi’s face was red with anger, and he smashed the coffee table in front of him with a slap.
“Chen Ping, you bully people too much, I’ll kill you ……”
Ning Zhi hissed, his eyes filled with rage!
“Young Master, many clans and families have now issued statements to break away from our Ning Family.”
“On top of the martial dao forums, many people are looking at our Ning Family’s jokes!”
The butler whispered.
Ning Zhi’s body trembled with anger, he hadn’t expected that the Ning Family, which had been so prosperous just a few days ago, would become a joke right now!
Even if Ning Zhi was meticulous and not overjoyed, he was still mad at the moment.
“Go and gather all the middle and senior members of the Ning Family back, that Chen Ping will definitely come here, I want to wait for him here, this time even if the King of Heaven comes, I will kill him!”
Ning Zhi gritted his teeth and said.
Soon, all of those strong middle and senior members of the Ning Family who were outside were all gathered together again.
These were all the main forces of the Ning Family, only now that they were all called back, then the Ning Family’s forces outside would inevitably be affected in some way.
The Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance!
Zhu Zhishan had gathered several more of the heads of the great clans within the alliance together.
Among them was the Long Jingguo of the Long Family!
And this time, the meeting followed the past differently, as this time, there were surprisingly a few more people dressed in black and with black scarves covering their faces.
When they saw these people, the heads of the great clans all faintly stared.
This was because they had not seen these people within the Martial Alliance before.
“I have gathered you all here today to talk about Chen Ping, you have all heard about what happened last night, right?”
Zhu Zhishan slowly spoke up and asked.
“I’ve heard, that Chen Ping destroyed six sects and families in one night, all of them were attached to the Ning Family.”
Someone replied.
“This Chen Ping’s boldness is indeed beyond my expectations, the more this fellow is like this, the more cautiously we must treat him!”
“Especially since Mr. Shi there has been taking special care of this Chen Ping!”
“If Mr. Shi hadn’t stepped in, Chen Ping would have died in the Ning family long ago!”
“In that case, if we want to deal with that Chen Ping, we also have to think of a foolproof plan, we can’t let Mr. Shi catch a hold of us!”
Zhu Zhishan said with a slight frown.
“We can just send someone to a*sa*sinate that Chen Ping directly, who can find out?”
A family head said.
“It’s not that easy, don’t look at the officials so badly, maybe Mr. Shi can see every move we make!”
Zhu Zhishan said.
“Then what do we do? Send someone to challenge that Chen Ping? But nowadays, I’m afraid there are not many people in the younger generation who can beat that Chen Ping.”
“If we, the old guys, step up to the challenge, it’s going to be a joke to the entire martial arts world.”
Long Jingguo asked.
“Of course there is a way, we can’t step in to kill him, but someone can step in ……”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, he glanced at a few people in black and slowly said, “These few people, are specifically here to deal with Chen Ping, so you need to cooperate with a few of them and provide information!”
Several of the family heads of the great clans looked at the men in black in front of them and looked at each other, wanting to say something, but no one spoke up.
“Lord Zhu, who are these few people? It can’t be an evil cultivator, can it?”
Long Jingguo opened his mouth and asked.