Chen Ping didn’t care about that, no matter how valuable Tiger Power Immortal’s tiger skin and tendons were, they wouldn’t be more valuable than this stone statue in front of him.
This stone statue had been standing here for thousands of years, constantly absorbing spiritual energy, so the spiritual energy within this stone statue was afraid to be an immeasurable amount!
If he could use this stone statue as his own supply station, Chen Ping believed that his strength could still increase a lot, even if he broke through to Transformation, it was not impossible.
A divine sense slowly emanated out from Chen Ping’s body, slowly enveloping the entire stone statue!
Now that there was no Tiger Power Immortal guarding him, Chen Ping hoped that he would be able to explore all the secrets of this stone statue!
However, Chen Ping’s divine sense had just enveloped the stone statue, only to see a golden light flash by, instantly cutting off Chen Ping’s divine sense!
Immediately after that, the stone statue’s eyes glowed as if it had come to life!
“Stupid and ignorant humans, you will be punished ……”
Immediately after, a sound like a flood of bells emanated from within the stone statue!
With this voice alone, Chen Ping felt a burst of pressure come over him, and his throat became sweet, followed by a mouthful of blood spraying out!
Hu Ma Zi and also Zhao Chong and the others, even more so, covered their ears with both hands and rolled on the ground in pain!
“Quickly get out of here ……”
Chen Ping yelled, and immediately turned around and ran!
Although the stone statue did not really come to life and would not move, but just by the sound, it was able to make Chen Ping and them unable to bear it, and Chen Ping did not know what kind of consequences there would be if he stayed here!
At this moment, Chen Ping had long since lost the desire to obtain the spiritual energy within the stone statue, it was just a matter of surviving now!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others escaped the forbidden land, followed by the collapse of the forbidden land, and were submerged in a ruin!
With the complete collapse of the forbidden land, the aura over the entire Penglai Island also began to slowly disappear, and in the end, it also became incredibly thin!
Apart from some true cultivators, others didn’t feel the change in aura, originally they were just ordinary people, only to later become the feeders for the resurrection of this Blood Demon.
Not many people knew about the changes within the forbidden land, the entire Penglai Island was still running smoothly.
However, Du Ziteng had died, Du Nan logically became the new Du King!
But Du Nan knew that in the future, the real king of Penglai Island would be Chen Ping, not him, he was nothing more than a puppet!
“Du Nan, you immediately order people to push down all the temple stone statues, don’t let him kneel and worship anymore, or else that blood demon will be resurrected, and no one will be able to live ……”
Chen Ping said to Du Nan.
Du Nan nodded and immediately ordered the people to start pushing down the temple stone statues, although the people were doubtful, but they could only follow the orders!
After ordering everything, Chen Ping did not leave Penglai Island immediately, although the aura on the island was as thin as the rest of the world, Chen Ping had that Tiger Power Immortal’s Beast Pill in place, so he wanted to rely on this Beast Pill to make an impact on the Great Martial Marquis!
If he really stepped into the Great Martial Marquis, Chen Ping would have the confidence to go to Kyoto again!
Relying on his invincible physical body, coupled with the Immortal Laws that Chen Ping had cultivated, when Chen Ping stepped into the realm of Great Martial Marquis, even if he encountered an expert in the middle stage of Great Martial Marquis, he would be able to deal with it.
Chen Ping found a secluded place and started swallowing the beast dan to cultivate!
Zhao Bao was not idle either, and struggled to cultivate and impact the strength of the Martial Marquis!
Because Zhao Bao’s cultivation in the first few months had been suppressed, his realm hadn’t risen, and now the taboo on Penglai Island had been lifted.
Zhao Chong cultivated like a rocket, his strength was growing by leaps and bounds!
Only Hu Ma Zi, fiddling with that tiger skin and tiger tendon all day, seems to be making something!
Du Nan, on the other hand, is managing the entire Penglai Island, and changing the management system, not in the king system management, he listened to Chen Ping’s advice, began to slowly reform!
Penglai Island, is slowly developing towards a civilised and beautiful direction ……