Inside Xia Chao’s room, at this moment, Xia Chao was ecstatic inside as he watched the Yin Qi in Xiao Lan’s body being continuously sucked into that vortex.
In a short time, he would be the youngest Martial Sect in the martial arts world and would be the envy of geniuses in the eyes of everyone.
Although Xia Chao had lost his manly abilities in order to be able to quickly improve his strength, but for all that, what Xia Chao valued more was strength.
In the martial arts world, only strength was respected, what was a woman worth.
But at this moment, the door to Xia Chao’s room was suddenly pushed open.
Seeing this, Xia Chao hurriedly waved his hand, retracting the vortex, and then angrily looked at the person who had barged in.
“b*****d, don’t you know how to knock on the door?”
Xia Chao’s eyes were cold as he said.
“Eldest young master, it’s not good, the divine spring, that divine spring behind us has a problem, now there’s not a drop of water ……”
The visitor followed Xia Chao anxiously and said.
“What?” Xia Chao was shocked, “How could this happen? What has happened?”
“I don’t know, I just heard an explosion behind me, and when I rushed over, I found that the springs were all gone ……”
The visitor shook his head.
Xia Chao glanced at Xiao Lan and turned to the visitor, “Take me to see how this could have happened ……”
The divine Spring was the foundation of the Tianwu Sect, with this spring, the strength of many of the Tianwu Sect’s disciples had soared, allowing the Tianwu Sect to rank higher and higher among the many sects in the southwest.
But now the spring had disappeared, which shocked Xia Chao. If his father came back, how would he explain?
Just after Xia Chao followed the visitor, a figure flashed in through the window.
The person who came was none other than Chen Ping.
Xiao Lan was so weak that she did not even have the strength to speak. When she saw Chen Ping coming, there was no surprise in her eyes, but she stared at him angrily.
When Chen Ping saw Xiao Lan, who was completely limp, he hurriedly punched a spiritual energy into Xiao Lan’s body, which made Xiao Lan recover.
“Chen Ping, you b*****d …………”
After Xiao Lan’s body recovered, the first thing she did was to smash her fist towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping hurriedly stepped back: “I saved you, why are you still hitting me? Isn’t this revenge?”
“You b*****d, where have you been? Where have you been? Didn’t you say something was wrong? I almost even lost my life ……”
Xiaolan looked at Chen Ping angrily and yelled.
“It’s not alright, I know that that Xia Chao is no longer a man, so he couldn’t have done anything to you, now I’ll take you there and take revenge for you ……”
Chen Ping had a playful smile on his face, he could understand why Xiao Lan was angry.
“You must kill that guy for me, I want to see him die with my own eyes ……”
Xiaolan gritted her teeth and said.
“No problem ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
…………
Behind the Tianwu Sect’s main hall, the spring that had been constantly flowing was now surprisingly devoid of a single drop of water, and the dried up bottom of the spring pool was exposed, looking as if there had never been any water.
Xia Chao looked at the scene in front of him with a stony face and slowly poked his head into the spring, only to see that it was so dark inside that nothing could be seen.
Xia Chao picked up a large stone and threw it down, and with a gurgling sound, not a single sound of water was heard, which proved that there was no water in the spring either.
“How can this be, how can this be …………”
Xia Chao hissed, he wanted an explanation.
“Eldest Young Master, someone just heard an explosion, maybe someone blew through the spring, so the spring water all leaked into the underground river ……”
At that moment, a Grand Master came over and voiced his insight.
“Then who was it? Who did it? Are you all f*cking dried up?”
Xia Chao growled and cursed at the Tianwu Sect’s disciples.
Without this divine spring, what would their Heavenly Martial Sect do in the future