Inside the City of Ultimate Bliss!
Chen Ping was still frantically cultivating, and the beast pills that were originally everywhere were now surprisingly few in number!
If people saw that so many beast pills had been absorbed by Chen Ping alone, they would probably be shocked out of their jaws.
It was now long after the Chinese New Year, and it was because of this traditional festival that the Dong Family and the Pill God Valley had a chance to catch their breath, or else the Martial Alliance would have taken action long ago.
Chen Ping’s strength had further improved under this crazy cultivation, and at this moment, Chen Ping’s strength had already reached the edge of the second realm of YuanYing, and with a little effort, breaking through to the third realm would never be a problem.
It was just a pity that there were not many beast pills left in the City of Ultimate Bliss, so I was afraid that they would not be able to support Chen Ping’s breakthrough.
“It’s too bad that it’s so close ……”
Chen Ping sighed softly.
As long as he reached the third realm of YuanYing, then he could go directly to the Martial Alliance to save people, even if he ran into a fifth grade Martial Marquis, Chen Ping would have no fear.
Suddenly, Chen Ping remembered the shark pearl he had picked up at the beginning, and then took it out, feeling the spiritual energy emanating from within the shark pearl, a smile appeared on Chen Ping’s face!
Without hesitation, he swallowed the shark pearl, and then Chen Ping started to close his eyes again, preparing for his breakthrough!
…………
Kyoto, Protector’s Pavilion!
Xing Jun’s face was grave as he followed Mr. Shi’s report.
Although so many things had happened in the Kyoto martial arts world recently and Mr. Shi hadn’t intervened, it didn’t mean that Mr. Shi didn’t know about it.
“Mr. Shi, over ninety-five percent of the entire Kyoto martial arts community has now become part of the Martial Alliance, which is now much more powerful.”
“Moreover, the Martial Dao Alliance has been frequently producing quite a few Martial Marquis masters recently, like a production line.”
“That Long Xiao of the Long Family has also made breakthroughs one after another in recent times, and his strength is growing at a rapid rate.”
“Currently, both the Dong Family and the Pill God Valley are not in any danger, the Martial Dao Alliance hasn’t made a move against them yet!”
Xing Jun reported, while Shi had his eyes slightly closed and a calm face!
“Those beast pellet resources from the Dragon Family’s trial years ago should have all been almost consumed according to the time projection, right?”
Mr. Shi said indifferently.
“Not bad, the resources that the major clans and lineages received have all basically been consumed, but it has also allowed the major lineages to increase their strength by a lot!”
Xing Jun nodded and said.
“En, the immediate calm is estimated to be about to be broken, without resources and interests, the entire Kyoto martial arts world these people, a martial arts alliance simply can’t control ……”
“You just need to watch well, no matter what happens in the martial arts world during this period, no one is allowed to interfere ……”
Mr. Shi barked at Xing Jun.
“Understood!” Xing Jun nodded, then turned to leave!
But when he reached the door, Xing Jun stopped and turned his head to look at Mr. Shi, looking like he wanted to say something but didn’t.
“If you have something to say, just say it ……”
Mr. Shi said with his eyes still slightly closed.
“Mr. Shi, is it true that Chen Ping is dead? It’s been so long, the Chinese New Year is over, and there’s still no sign of that Chen Ping, so I guess it’s fatal.”
Xing Jun had also suspected that Chen Ping could not die, but after such a long time, even the most important festival of Chinese New Year, Chen Ping had not appeared, then maybe Chen Ping was really dead.
“Whether Chen Ping is dead or not, time will give the answer, and the time has not yet arrived ……”
Mr. Shi said indifferently.
After hearing this, Xing Jun sighed slightly, turned around and walked out.
Only after Xing Jun walked back, did Mr. Shi then slowly open his eyes, with a brilliant glint in his eyes!
“Chen Ping, you kid must show up quickly, or else when the Kyoto Martial Arts World is completely controlled by the Martial Arts Union, you kid will have to pay a bigger price if you want to save your girlfriend ……”
Mr. Shi had a smile on his face as he muttered!