If that was the case, why would the Miao King still adopt himself and raise him so much.
As Wu Mei’er listened, she also felt that it made sense, so she looked at Long Wu, hoping that Long Wu could explain it, only that Long Wu couldn’t explain it either.
“This is what Ding Bu San told me, so I can only tell you the truth, as for whether you believe it or not, you can only judge for yourselves ……”
Long Wu finished speaking and walked out of the room, as he really had no way to confirm what he said either.
When Chen Ping saw this, he also followed and went out. Not much later, Wu Meier followed Xiao Lan and also came out, except that Xiao Lan’s face obviously did not look too good, and the whole person was in deep thought.
She was probably still considering whether Long Wu’s words were credible or not!
Although Ding Buzan was known as an evil man, he had never told a lie.
Just when several people were silent in the living room and the atmosphere was a bit depressing, suddenly the villa door was pushed open, followed by Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er walking in.
“Chen Ping, did you have a good time last night ……”
As soon as she entered, Su Yuqi asked loudly, her tone full of sourness.
Hearing Su Yuqi’s words, Long Wu and Wu Mei’er looked at Chen Ping together, and only then did the two of them realize that Xiao Lan’s clothes were torn with many slits and the buttons on her clothes were also missing, while Xiao Lan had been clutching her clothes with her hands.
Even so, there was still a large area of snow-white skin showing outside, and it was obvious that Xiaolan’s clothes had been violently damaged.
“Chen Ping, you big pervert, what have you done to my sister?”
Wu Mei’er suddenly stormed out and questioned Chen Ping, and even went forward and gave Chen Ping a fierce punch, only she didn’t have any strength, so the punch didn’t hurt at all, but because of the excessive force, it made Chen Ping’s body give a shake to his own hand.
“You’re crazy, I didn’t do anything to your sister, she was the one who tried to seduce me with her charm, and I didn’t fall for it ……”
Chen Ping explained.
And at this time, Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi looked at the identical Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan, the two of them directly froze, so there really are people who look identical, it seems that they really misunderstood Chen Ping last night.
“You’re nonsense, look at what kind of clothes my sister has, how dare you say you didn’t do anything to her? You are obviously a big pervert, you are not satisfied even though you have two women, and you still lay hands on my sister, one look at your lustful eyes, you are not a good thing ……”
Wu Mei’er simply did not believe what Chen Ping said, she stubbornly believed that Chen Ping must have done something to Xiao Lan, or else the clothes could not have turned out that way.
Chen Ping was about to open his mouth to continue his explanation when Su Yuqi stepped forward and spoke up, “How many women does it matter to you if Chen Ping has a few? Who are you to say he is a big pervert? I am Chen Ping’s girlfriend and I can prove that he didn’t do anything.”
“Chen Ping is not a big pervert, you are slandering him, Chen Ping is a decent man, when I fell into his arms naked, Chen Ping didn’t even misbehave with me, proving that he might be a big pervert?”
Gu Ling’er was standing on Su Yuqi’s side at the moment, retorting to Wu Mei’er.
Just as Gu Ling’er finished speaking, she suddenly felt as if she had said the wrong thing, while Su Yuqi looked at Gu Ling’er in shock, “Ling’er, when did you get naked by him? How come I don’t know?”
Gu Ling’er’s face went red in a tentative manner, embarra*sed and not knowing what to do.
When Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping, Chen Ping also turned his head to the side and pretended not to see it, after all, how could he say such a thing out loud?
On the side, when Long Wu saw Chen Ping’s look, a playful smile appeared on his face, he knew that heroes were not happy with beauties, but fortunately, immortal cultivators were allowed to take more than one wife, so it was up to Chen Ping’s ability.