“Senior brother, a good man is not brave, you are still a fart Star Formation Immortal now, you can’t even return to the Heavenly Realm, your strength is even in constant decline, only a fool would be your disciple.”
“Young man, you worship me as your master, I will teach you the magic pattern, the old man also has a place in the Heavenly Realm.”
The Formation Devil said to Chen Ping!
“Aren’t you also trapped here, unable to return to the Celestial Realm? So you are not qualified either.”
Chen Ping said!
The Formation Devil froze, then stormed into a rage, “Kid, the old man saw that you were gifted and that’s why he took you as his disciple, do you think that everyone is able to worship me as a teacher?”
“The two of you desperately want to take me as your disciple, you must have some intentions, right?”
“But if you guys don’t say, I don’t want to ask, what formation pattern magic pattern, I don’t want to learn it either, I just want to leave this sh*tty place.”
“I still have a lot of things to do, now let me out of here!”
Chen Ping knew that there must be a reason why these two people were trapped in the Celestial Realm with no way to return to the Heavenly Realm!
Instead, they were looking for gifted people to teach them their mastery, and it was not just for the simple purpose of taking on disciples!
As much as Chen Ping wanted to learn Divine Patterns or even Demonic Patterns, he couldn’t show it!
The more he showed that he didn’t care, the more beneficial it would be for him!
Sure enough, when Chen Ping said so, the Divine Patterns Old Ancestor said, “You don’t need to worship a master, now that you have condensed your innate divine pattern and learnt so many more, it would be too much of a shame to leave now.”
“I’m not forcing you to worship a master, you just need to learn these divine patterns, when you learn them all, the essence of this world will be clear to see.”
“Kid, you don’t need to worship me either, I’m willing to teach you personally.”Seeing this, the Formation Demon also hurriedly spoke!
For a person of Chen Ping’s extraordinary talent, they were not willing to give up!
If Chen Ping really practiced it, then there would be a chance to break through the Heaven and Earth Formation of this Heavenly Human Realm, and they would be able to leave and return to the Heavenly Realm after being trapped here!
Chen Ping looked at the Formation Demon, and then looked at the star-like demonic patterns in the sky, and the aura emanating from those demonic patterns could actually make the Intrinsic Divine Patterns within Chen Ping’s body react!
It was only that the Intrinsic Divine Ripple was reacting in a very strange way, it was different from when he learnt the other Divine Ripples!
“Could it be that there is some kind of connection between this magic pattern and the divine pattern?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly and did not answer the words of the Formation Demon, but instead leapt forward!
Chen Ping wholeheartedly rushed into the midst of the roiling demonic patterns!
Seeing Chen Ping’s move, both the Formation Devil and the Divine Pattern Ancestor were confused!
They did not know, what Chen Ping was going to do!
“Senior brother, what is this fellow going to do?”
Formation Devil asked!
“Probably wants to learn about magic patterns.”Watching Chen Ping rush into the magic pattern, the Divine Pattern Ancestor said!
“He hasn’t removed the innate divine lines from his body yet, how can he continue to learn magic patterns, this will kill him ……”
Formation Demon was surprised!
The Divine Pattern Old Ancestor wasn’t speaking and didn’t bother to stop Chen Ping!
Chen Ping rushed into the midst of the roiling magic patterns, and the innate divine patterns within his body began to tremble with regularity!
It was as if he had sensed the magic patterns in the surrounding sky!
Chen Ping was a bit incredulous, how could his own innate divine pattern sense the magic pattern and have some kind of connection with it?
These were originally two different formation patterns, it was impossible for them to be related!
Chen Ping slowly sacrificed his Intrinsic Divine Ripple, only to see that Intrinsic Divine Ripple continuously flashing around his body!
At the same time, Chen Ping’s eyes slowly became crimson, and his mind was constantly pondering!
“Could it be that the Demonic Patterns followed the Divine Patterns are all evolved from an array pattern?”
Chen Ping produced a bold and absurd thought!
After all, gods and devils had different paths, so how could the devil pattern and the god pattern be evolved from a single god pattern!
But if not, then why was one’s own innate divine pattern able to sense the demonic pattern?