Facing Xuan Bin, Zuo Tianzheng and his companions instinctively took a few steps back!
Even if they all joined forces, they stood no chance against him—he was at the peak of the ninth level of the Great Ascension Realm!
The elder who had earlier boasted that he could kill Chen Ping single-handedly now lowered his head and hid behind Zuo Tianzheng.
“Esteemed friend, I am Zuo Tianzheng, leader of the Demon-Sealing Alliance. May I know your esteemed name?” Zuo Tianzheng tried to use the alliance’s name to strike up a conversation, hoping the other party might show some deference.
“The Demon-Sealing Alliance? Worthless…” Xuan Bin snorted coldly.
Zuo Tianzheng’s face flushed with embarrassment, but he dared not retort.
“Perhaps our Demon-Sealing Alliance is beneath your notice, but we are backed by the Ten Halls. Surely you know that the Ten Halls are one of the divine clans’ sacred institutions, and they—”
Before Zuo Tianzheng could finish, Xuan Bin snorted again, “The Ten Halls? Worthless…”
Zuo Tianzheng was stunned. He hadn’t expected Xuan Bin to dismiss even the Ten Halls.
“Friend, although you are at the peak of the ninth level of the Great Ascension Realm, you are still far from being able to contend with the Ten Halls.”
“Cultivation is not easy. Reaching your level is no small feat, so don’t throw it all away for the sake of Chen Ping,” Zuo Tianzheng said with a cold expression.
The Ten Halls were not something a peak ninth-level Great Ascension cultivator could challenge.
“If my elder brother alone isn’t enough, what about adding me?”
At that moment, another figure arrived—Zhou Tang had returned!
Zuo Tianzheng looked at Zhou Tang, also at the peak of the ninth level of the Great Ascension Realm, and swallowed hard. “You two as well…”
“And what about us?” Cang Yue and Hua Yueying also returned.
“Damn it…”
Zuo Tianzheng was dumbfounded. How could there be so many peak ninth-level Great Ascension cultivators?
“Even the four of you probably—”
But before Zuo Tianzheng could finish, three black-robed cultivators also returned. Though they remained silent, the aura of the ninth level of the Great Ascension Realm emanating from them enveloped Zuo Tianzheng.
“This… this…”
Zuo Tianzheng looked at the crowd of peak ninth-level Great Ascension cultivators before him, his face contorted as if he were about to cry.
“These are just some of my subordinates. Do you think they can stand up to the Ten Halls?” Chen Ping asked Zuo Tianzheng with a smile.
These were only a portion of Chen Ping’s followers. His most powerful subordinate at the moment was Lin Chong.
Zuo Tianzheng remained silent, struggling to force a smile and beg for mercy from Chen Ping.
But his attempt at a smile looked more like a grimace.
“Brother Chen Ping, these Demon-Sealing Alliance scoundrels are utterly despicable. Don’t let them off easy…” Yun’er said to Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, Yun’er…” Chen Ping patted her head.
By now, Zuo Tianzheng finally understood why the villagers of Dashicun had shown no fear of him.
With so many peak ninth-level Great Ascension cultivators backing the village, why would they fear the Demon-Sealing Alliance?
“Down with the Demon-Sealing Alliance!”
Suddenly, one of the elders behind Zuo Tianzheng raised his arm and struck Zuo Tianzheng with a palm strike.
Caught off guard, Zuo Tianzheng fell face-first to the ground, spitting blood.
“Brother Chen, I was forced to join the Demon-Sealing Alliance. I have never committed any heinous acts.”
“Please, for the sake of my 8,000-year-old mother and my 500-year-old child, spare me!”
The elder knelt before Chen Ping, pleading earnestly.
Seeing this, the other Demon-Sealing Alliance cultivators also knelt and began begging for mercy.
Zuo Tianzheng, spitting blood, watched the scene but lacked even the strength to curse.
Chen Ping looked at the kneeling Demon-Sealing Alliance cultivators and nodded. “Since you are willing to renounce the Demon-Sealing Alliance, I will spare you. But you must leave behind your storage bags.”
“No problem, no problem…”
The elder immediately took out his storage bag and handed it over.
The other Demon-Sealing Alliance cultivators followed suit, tossing their storage bags at Chen Ping’s feet.