As Zhu Qingxiu nodded, Chen Ping used a sound transmission jade slip to call Ji Yun back, and then the three of them rushed to the Zhu Family Town in a dirigible!
Arriving at the Zhu Family Town, Chen Ping did not rest, but used the Divine Muscle Grass to cultivate the elixir!
It only took a day for the potion to be practised, and after Zhu Qingxiu took it, the burns on her face miraculously disappeared!
This made Zhu Qingxiu thankful to Chen Ping, looks were equal to life following life for a woman!
Zhu Yuanji, on the other hand, brought along the two sisters, Zhu Qingxiu and Zhu Qingyue, and entertained Chen Ping graciously!
“Mr Chen, both of my women were saved by you, I really don’t know how to thank you.”
“Our Zhu Family Town doesn’t have any precious resources either, but our ancestors passed down a bottle of spirit blood, saying that what is stored inside is the blood of a Jiao Dragon, I am willing to give this to Mr Chen.”
Zhu Yuanji said and took out a white spirit purification bottle and handed it to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping took that bottle in his hand and instantly felt a ferocious aura come over him!
This aura was incomparably ferocious, but it caused Chen Ping to carry a hint of familiarity!
As his divine sense entered that Spirit Pure Bottle, Chen Ping surprisingly discovered that within the blood in that bottle, there was a swimming dragon shadow constantly roaming!
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, looking somewhat surprised!
“Director Zhu, this blood of the dragon, is it really passed down from our ancestors?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Of course, if it was now, with the strength of my Zhu Jia Town, not to mention collecting the blood of the Jiao Dragon, even ordinary demonic beasts would be hard to deal with, I’m afraid.”
“Mr Chen, could it be that this Jiao Long blood is fake?”
Zhu Yuanji didn’t understand it either, he only knew that it was passed down from his ancestors, and he didn’t understand whether it was real or fake!
“That’s not true, I just think that this Jiao dragon strength must be very strong, with the strength of Zhu Jia Town ……”
Chen Ping did not continue, after all, Zhu Jia Town’s strength was very poor right now!
There wasn’t a single Mahayana realm in the entire Zhu Family Town, and if Zhu Qingxiu hadn’t been sent to Ten Thousand Swords Sect, it wouldn’t have been possible for him to reach the Mahayana realm!
“Ai, in fact, our Zhu Family Town had its moment of glory a few thousand years ago, only after the God-Devil War, my Zhu Family Town declined, and now it’s getting worse and worse.”
Zhu Yuanji said with a light sigh!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly followed Zhu Yuanji to make amends, and the two of them drank freely!
Only after drinking until late at night did Chen Ping return to the room prepared for him!
Just as Chen Ping was about to lie down, suddenly the door to the room opened and Zhu Qingxiu, who was dressed in a white dress, walked in!
Zhu Qingxiu’s face was cured, her exquisite face with that marvellous figure, and her fair skin, she was indeed a great beauty as well!
The moonlight shone into the room and hit that Zhu Qingxiu’s body!
Zhu Qingxiu’s white dress, under the moonlight, surprisingly looked very translucent!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded after just one look!
Because from that translucent white dress, Chen Ping found that Zhu Qingxiu had nothing inside!
Even though he had seen Zhu Qingxiu without any clothes, the hazy feeling at the moment made Chen Ping’s blood rush up!
“Mr Chen, you have helped me so much, I have nothing to show for it, I hope I can satisfy you tonight!”
As Zhu Qingxiu said, she even took the initiative to walk towards Chen Ping!
Then she pounced on Chen Ping with force and pressed him under her body!
“Miss Zhu, no, I’m not that kind of person, and I won’t need any compensation from you just because I’m kind to you.”
Chen Ping pushed Zhu Qingxiu away!
“Mr Chen, I did it voluntarily, you don’t need to feel pressure in your heart.”
Zhu Qingxiu continued to move closer towards Chen Ping!
“Miss Zhu, it really can’t be ……”
Chen Ping kept retreating backwards!
However, there was already no way to retreat, and still Zhu Qingxiu pounced on him once again, and then hugged Chen Ping to death, intending to communicate further!
Chen Ping smelled the woman’s fragrance on Zhu Qingxiu’s body, and was also a little bit lost, ask which man can resist this kind of temptation ah?
But just when Chen Ping was also ready to charge, a voice suddenly rang out!