Just as the man in black who had been slapped away with the machete froze, Fan Jiang stepped forward and directly grabbed the collar and carried the man in black over!
No matter how hard he struggled, there was no way to break free, he was dumbfounded all of a sudden!
Poof ……
Fan Jiang threw the black-clothed man in front of Chen Ping, and then stomped on the black-clothed man’s body!
The man in black looked at Chen Ping in front of him, with a bit of panic in his eyes!
“I ask you, why are you stopping us? Have you already discovered the relic?”
Chen Ping asked to the man in black.
Although the man in black was afraid, he did not speak though, clenching his teeth to death!
It looked like he was planning to resist to the end!
Seeing that the man in black had quite a backbone, Chen Ping sneered, then drew his fingers haphazardly in the air a few times.
“Heart Devouring Talisman …………”
Only to see spots of light up in the mid-air, which then entered the black-clothed man’s body.
Hu Ma Zi was envious as he watched Chen Ping’s casual drawing of the talisman with heaven and earth as his tattoo!
“Ah …………”
Soon, the man in black hissed in pain, his entire body trembling!
It was as if countless ants, crawling all over his body, were gnawing at his internal organs!
“I say, I say …………”
The man in black couldn’t stand the torture, but just as he was about to open his mouth, his head suddenly exploded!
Looking at the black clothed man whose head suddenly exploded!
Chen Ping frowned: “D*mn, I can’t believe they put a spell on ……”
Chen Ping didn’t expect that sects in foreign countries would like to put spells on the heads of their followers to prevent betrayal!
“Fan Jiang, go and catch another one ……”
Chen Ping said.
Fan Jiang nodded and his form flickered away!
That high priest was still struggling to hold on after Daniel when he suddenly felt a breath come over him, followed by a turn in the crowd, followed by carrying a man in black!
At that moment, there were only a few of those dozen black-clothed men left, following the High Priest and Daniel in their fight!
Although they saw their companions being carried away like chickens, they couldn’t spare any more men to rescue them!
The panic in the eyes of the black-clad men who had just been captured like this was even more obvious!
Chen Ping did not say anything, but pressed one hand on the man in black’s head, and a spiritual power entered instantly, then broke the curse placed on the man in black’s head.
Only at this time did Chen Ping open his mouth and ask, “Who are you people? Why are you stopping us? Have you already found the relic?”
This time, the man in black did not hesitate and said in a hurry, “We are from the Burning Heaven Divine Sect, we belong to the Second Priest’s men, and now all those who enter the snowy mountain in search of the relic, we have to find a way to make them give up or disappear.”
“Because that relic has already been found by us long ago, and we have been inside the relic for months.”
When Chen Ping heard this, his heart went wow.
He had been there for several months, what good things could be kept inside the relic?
“What have you been doing inside the ruins for months?”
Chen Ping did not understand, even if these people had swept away the relics, why did they stay inside for such a long time.
“Building altars, and all with crystals.”
The man in black didn’t dare to hide a thing!
“An altar built with crystals, what is the use of this altar?”
Chen Ping was curious.
The man in black shook his head, “Then I don’t know, these can only be known by the priests ……”
Chen Ping saw that this man in black was a minion and should indeed know very little, so he reached out and slapped him to death ……
The thing that feeds a tiger for a troublemaker, Chen Ping will not do!
“Fan Jiang, go put help, save that what high priest down, guess we can use him.”
Chen Ping didn’t understand what the altar was for, maybe this high priest knew.