A dazzling blue light erupted from the ring, which was like a burning flame, only to envelop Chen Ping in it, and even the entire venue could feel the power.
Seeing the scene in front of him, the corner of Long Xiao’s mouth lifted, “Bragging has a price to pay, without five moves, you will already be thwarted by me, and you still dare to talk big.”
“Is that so?”
A faint voice came out from that blue light, followed by a blinding golden light erupting as layers of scales began to flood Chen Ping’s body, wearing him as if he was armour.
The blue light also disappeared without a trace under this golden light, in looking at Chen Ping with a look full of disdain and indifference.
Chen Ping’s body didn’t move a muscle, and his body was even unharmed in any way.
At this moment, Long Xiao was a little dumbfounded!
And the crowd was also amazed, they did not understand to what extent this Chen Ping’s strength had reached?
“This Chen Ping’s physical body is too strong, isn’t it? This Unbreakable Golden Body has actually been trained to this level?”
Guo Wei frowned slightly.
“It was that Long Xiao who was too trusting, he didn’t use his full strength just now.”
Zhu Zhishan explained.
Zhu Zhishan had long since seen that Long Xiao had not used his full strength, in his opinion, to use the Holy Light Fist, only 30% of his power was needed, if he used too much force, then Chen Ping would have been blasted into slag.
Long Jingguo had explained that he was only allowed to waste Chen Ping, but not to kill him, because a living Chen Ping was still useful to the Long Family.
“Two moves now, if you make moves like this without pain, you won’t have a chance after five moves ……”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao coldly, his eyes indifferent!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Long Xiao gritted his teeth, his face flushed red with anger!
“Chen Ping, don’t you just want to bring my Long family into disrepute by this method? I’m telling you, it’s not necessary for you to let me, if you are a man, then show your real skills and compete with me in a real fight, if you say the words of letting me have five moves, aren’t you just setting me up, if I beat you in five moves, I won’t win, if I fail to defeat you in five moves, it looks like I’m not capable, what’s the use of you using such petty thoughts?”
Long Xiao said as he stared at Chen Ping with a gloomy face.
But Chen Ping grinned, “Don’t use your petty thoughts to judge a gentleman’s heart, but no matter what you think, you still have three more moves to go.”
Long Xiao was really going to die of anger and gritted his teeth to death, “If my father hadn’t let me kill you, do you think you would still be standing and talking to me now?”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, his figure instantly disappeared, followed by a huge aura that pressed towards Chen Ping, the power of thunder covered the entire ring, at this moment, Long Xiao was like a big blue mountain, ruthlessly pressing towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, the golden light on his body soared a few points, the blinding golden light compared to the sun.
Rumble …………
The huge aura began to make the ring collapse, and Chen Ping’s body fell sharply, the whole venue filled with smoke, countless debris crumbled, and a hurricane blew in the centre of the ring!
But Chen Ping’s body was wrapped in golden light and stood firmly on the ground. Within the golden light, Chen Ping’s face was calm, as if nothing around him had anything to do with him at the moment!
Boom …………
The whole venue trembled as Long Xiao’s body slammed down heavily, and the ground even appeared as a huge deep crater!
And Chen Ping’s body slowly rose up from the huge crater, the golden light on his body did not change in the slightest, putting it a little more dazzling.
In mid-air, Chen Ping was like an immortal descending from the earth, giving people a feeling of wanting to worship him!
At this moment, there were already people in the meeting hall who actually knelt down towards Chen Ping, the majesty emanating from Chen Ping’s body directly affected the minds of these people.