Rumble …………
The rolling black clouds were getting lower and lower, accompanied by the rumbling thunder that seemed to cover the entire villa of the Fumio Watanabe family.
“Dad, what the …… hell is going on here? I’m scared ……”
Yumiko looked at the scene in front of her in shock and couldn’t help but hide behind Watanabe Fumio!
Tanimoto Yoshie was also pale, clutching the corner of Watanabe Fumio’s coat tightly!
At this moment, Watanabe Fumio himself was in a state of shock, but because his wife and daughter were there, he could only try to remain calm!
Ka!
Suddenly, a bolt of lightning instantly sliced through and struck straight at the villa where Chen Ping was!
Rumble …………
The villa collapsed instantly under this lightning bolt!
“Ah …………”
Yumiko was so frightened that she screamed in shock and kept retreating backwards!
Watanabe Fumio also hurriedly pulled his wife back, looking at the originally intact villa, but now turned into ruins, Watanabe Fumio’s heart is a bit unhappy!
At this moment, Watanabe Fumio saw Lao Fan and Hu Ma Zi running over and hurriedly asked, “Master Fan, what is happening? How did this happen?”
“Watanabe Fumio, your family will be lucky in the future, the gods have descended from heaven ……”
Old Fan said in a slightly playful manner.
“Gods descending from heaven?”
Watanabe Fumio froze, but surprise soon flashed across his face!
Click …………
Another lightning bolt came down instantly, viciously striking at the place just now!
The moment the lightning struck down, Chen Ping’s body slowly rose up with a faint golden light!
The lightning only saw striking on Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping’s body was like suffering an electric shock, a burst of mushy and scorching smell came out!
“This …………”
Watanabe Fumio could not help but stare at this scene.
“Chen Ping ……”
And Yumiko shouted involuntarily!
But Chen Ping acted as if he hadn’t heard, his eyes tightly closed, his body emanating golden light, floating motionless in mid-air!
Click ……
Rumble …………
Heavenly thunder continuously began to blast at Chen Ping’s body!
Old Fan looked at Chen Ping in mid-air and could not help but sigh, “I have never seen that just promoting to the Out-of-Trenches realm would cause such a movement and suffer such a thunderstorm …………”
Hu Ma Zi also could not help but marvel, “This time when Chen Ping is promoted, I am afraid that no one in the entire secular world will be his match anymore.”
Watanabe Fumio was also dumbfounded as he listened to the two men’s conversation!
Because he didn’t know what the Out-of-Body Realm was at all, and even less about the Secular Realm, in their eyes, only the Martial Dao Realm existed, and they didn’t know that there were still immortal cultivators and secret realms in this world!
Rumble …………
The heavenly thunder was still falling, Yumiko watched nervously, her forehead covered in sweat, her fists clenched tightly, she should be worried for Chen Ping!
After the ninth heavenly thunderbolt had blasted down, the black clouds in the sky began to drift away.
Radiant sunlight shone back onto the earth, and Chen Ping’s body was slowly descending!
“Is this …… could this Chen Ping be the god that Master Fan was talking about?”
Watanabe Fumio tilted his head and looked at Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity!
“Not bad, go and greet your gods ……”
Old Fan nodded his head!
Watanabe Fumio hurriedly took his wife and daughter and headed towards Chen Ping!
Hu Ma Zi followed Old Fan and went over too!
“Chen Ping, you …… have made a breakthrough?”
Hu Ma Zi asked happily.
Chen Ping nodded, feeling the aura of having a qualitative change within his body, Chen Ping also didn’t expect that a big realm boost would give him such a big boost in strength!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was like jade, emitting a faint greenish glow, even without unleashing the Incorruptible Golden Body, with Chen Ping’s current physical body, he could still steadily resist the Martial Saint’s attack!