“You’re no match for me at all, if I wanted to kill you, it’d be as easy as flipping my hand!”
Chen Ping put on an air of profound mystery as he sheathed his Dragon-Slaying Sword!
The black-robed man looked at Chen Ping, his expression shifting several times, before suddenly breaking into a grin, “You’ve got some backing…”
“I do…” Chen Ping nodded!
“Even the master of this Skyward Ladder is starting to go easy on you, it’s clear your backing isn’t small!”
The black-robed man had also noticed that the master of the Skyward Ladder was giving Chen Ping special treatment!
“So, how about it, do you want to leave with me? I’ll take you out, and you serve me for three hundred years!”
Chen Ping asked!
The black-robed man, however, shook his head, “If I wanted to leave, I could’ve done so myself long ago, no one’s imprisoning me here, I’ve locked myself in, I even begged the master of this Skyward Ladder for ages before he agreed!”
Chen Ping was stunned, looking at the black-robed man in disbelief, “Why? Why would you imprison yourself, just for the resources in this Skyward Ladder world?”
The black-robed man shook his head, “For these measly resources, I’d never give up my freedom!”
“Then why, Senior?” Chen Ping asked curiously, “Tell me, maybe I can help you!”
The black-robed man stared at Chen Ping, then said, “Follow me!”
“Alright!” Chen Ping followed the black-robed man deeper into the grand hall!
Li Chunfeng, Shen Zhiyan, and the others were all waiting inside the hall!
He didn’t know how long they walked or where they ended up, Chen Ping only felt the light growing brighter and brighter before his eyes.
Then, in front of Chen Ping, a house appeared, it looked very quaint, with a wooden door adorned with two copper bolts!
The black-robed man pushed the door open and walked in, Chen Ping followed behind!
But the moment he stepped inside, Chen Ping was instantly dumbfounded, the room was filled with pink silk gauze, it looked incredibly cosy, and there were even stuffed dolls placed around, utterly adorable!
Chen Ping couldn’t imagine how a grown man could live in a room like this!
But soon, Chen Ping spotted a woman sitting on the bed, wearing a pink dress, her round eyes wide open, staring unblinkingly outside!
“Who’s this?” Chen Ping looked at the woman and asked curiously!
Because he couldn’t sense the slightest trace of life from her, if there had been any aura, Chen Ping would’ve known someone was in the room!
“My wife…” the black-robed man said, casually handing Chen Ping a stool, “Sit down…”
Chen Ping sat down without hesitation, then asked, “Your wife, is she… is she dead?”
The black-robed man nodded, “She’s been dead for nearly a thousand years…”
“A thousand years?” Chen Ping’s jaw dropped!
This black-robed man was too devoted, his wife had been dead for almost a millennium, and he was still preserving her body!
“You’ve used a secret technique to preserve your wife’s body, that’s not fair to her, she can’t reincarnate like this!”
Chen Ping said!
“It was my wife who asked me to do this, she didn’t want to reincarnate, she just wanted to stay with me.”
“She said she’d wait until I became strong enough to bring her back to life, then we could be together again!”
The black-robed man finished speaking and gazed at his wife with a look of deep affection!
“You trapped yourself in the Skyward Ladder just to cultivate until you could resurrect her?” Chen Ping asked!
The black-robed man shook his head, “My strength is suppressed here, even if I cultivate, I can’t improve much, but here, my wife’s body can be better preserved.”
“Even if I can’t bring her back to life, looking at her body makes me feel like she’s still with me!”
“Perhaps I could find a way to revive your wife!” Chen Ping thought of Mr. Shi!
Back then, Mr. Shi had casually resurrected someone whose soul and body had been completely destroyed!
“Really? If you can revive my wife, I’d be willing to serve you for three hundred years!” The black-robed man’s eyes gleamed with excitement!