“Two Yi Sect?”
As soon as Chen Ping heard this name, he instantly recalled the guy who had pitted Elder Xia’s daughter when he was at the Wantong Pavilion!
He was from the Two Yi Sect, named Gu Tianzhao!
Chen Ping did not expect that he would be able to hear the name of this Two Yi Sect in the Purple Flame Sect!
“What, Senior Brother also knows about this Two Yi Sect?”
Wei Qing saw that reaction of Chen Ping and asked!
“En, I have heard of it.”Chen Ping nodded!
“This Two Yi Sect is a sect that specialises in formations, there are quite a few formation masters, and it is really famous in the Central Region as well.”
“This time, Huo Yuanting invited someone from the Two Yi Sect, it seems like he is determined to start the Divine Volcano for sure.”
Wei Qing said!
“Then why don’t you guys go and stop it?”
Chen Ping was puzzled, since that Huo Yuanting was forcibly opening the Divine Volcano, Elder Yu and the others should have stopped it by all accounts!
“Senior Sister Zhu Ling won’t allow it, she said that she wants to wait for you to finish your contemplation before discussing what to do.”
“I see that now Senior Sister Zhu Ling is already all dependent on you, don’t fail her!”
Wei Qing heatedly smiled!
“Let’s go, go find master to discuss ……”
Chen Ping did not answer Wei Qing, but directly headed towards Elder Yu’s residence!
There was no way Chen Ping would let that Huo Yuan Ting get his hands on the Divine Flame Seal, now that he knew that the Supreme Flame Fusion would need to use the Divine Flame Seal, then this Divine Flame Seal, Chen Ping had to get his hands on it!
What’s more, the old Sect Master had also promised himself, so Chen Ping must not let Huo Yuanting get his hands on the Divine Flame Seal before the old Sect Master recovered!
But just as Chen Ping and Wei Qing arrived at Elder Yu’s residence, suddenly the entire Purple Flame Sect set off a heat wave!
Accompanied by a burst of ground shaking, a piercing white light shone out from the depths of the Violet Flame Sect!
“Bad, the divine volcano has opened up ……”
Elder Yu rushed out from his mansion and looked at the piercing white light, his eyes filled with surprise!
Accompanied by the shaking of the ground, Zhu Ling and the many elder disciples from the old sect master’s lineage all came in droves!
Even that Elder Cui arrived with a sweaty head!
“Elder Cui, didn’t you say that the array disc wouldn’t be broken in a short period of time?”
Zhu Ling looked at Elder Cui and questioned!
Elder Cui, on the other hand, had an embarrassed look on his face, “This time, the person Huo Yuanting found is very powerful in the art of formation, and although I’m trying my best to create obstacles, I still couldn’t stop it.”
Seeing this, Zhu Ling could only let out a light sigh, looking at the blinding white light, her face full of helplessness!
“Is this opening the Divine Volcano?”
Chen Ping looked at the white light that shot straight up into the sky, not understanding where this Divine Volcano was!
“You will see it soon……”
Elder Yu said with a slight frown!
Chen Ping was not speaking, but instead looked at the white light!
Only to see the white light rush into the clouds, followed by a burst of lightning and thunder in mid-air!
Subsequently, that injection of white light transformed into a rain of light that floated down from the mid-air!
And underneath this rain of light, Chen Ping saw that not too far away, a blurred mountain shadow unexpectedly appeared!
As the rain of light continued to fall, the mountain shadow became clearer and clearer!
In the end, a lofty mountain appeared in front of everyone’s eyes, except that it was a fiery red colour!
And above the mountain peak, flames could be seen rising up!
“Isn’t this …… the same mountain peak that was seen within the Si Dou Cliff?”
Chen Ping’s face was filled with astonishment!
When he was in the Sijiao Cliff, it was this high mountain in front of him that appeared, and it was similarly burning with flames!
“Not bad, it was this Divine Volcano that he was facing at the Thoughtful Cliff.”
Elder Yu nodded!
“Could it be that this high mountain is also illusory?”Chen Ping asked curiously!
After all, within the Sihui Cliff, it was because the Sea of Consciousness was under control and imagined it out of thin air!
“This is not illusory, this is a real mountain, it is only hidden by the great array, it is usually not visible at all.”
“Only when the array disc is activated and the grand formation slowly dissipates, will this mountain peak appear in front of everyone’s eyes.”
Zhu Ling explained after Chen Ping!