“What about me?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly, “Do I have to be grateful to you for capturing my girlfriend?”
“I tell you, as long as my girlfriend is not released, I will not rest in peace as long as I follow the Martial Alliance. ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and walked out the door!
“Chen Ping, you’ve gone too far ……”
Ning Zhi was furious, the vajra in his hand buzzing as he was about to strike at Chen Ping.
Along with Ning Zhi’s furious roar, those Martial Lords who were hidden in the shadows all came out in a flurry, surrounding Chen Ping!
Chen Ping scanned the week and sneered, “With just you guys, you also want to stop me ……”
After saying this, a terrifying pressure burst out from Chen Ping’s body.
This terrifying pressure instantly caused those Martial Marquis around him to all fall to their knees, some of them even spitting out fresh blood!
In front of the gap in absolute strength, it was not something that could be made up for by sheer numbers.
Looking at this scene, even though Ning Zhi was holding a Martial Saint weapon in his hand, he was still a little timid in his heart!
“Do you make a move? If you make a move, I can let you make two moves, if not, then get the hell out of my way ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi coldly, and could be said to have trampled Ning Zhi’s dignity, dead to the ground!
Ning Zhi’s face was so hard to see, but he still didn’t dare to make a move!
“Goons ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and walked out.
All the way until Chen Ping left, that Ning Zhi didn’t even make a move!
But when Chen Ping left, Ning Zhi became furious, a gust of wind swept through him, and Ning Zhi waved the vajra in his hand towards his face!
A terrifying blast of energy instantly collapsed the entire Martial Union’s gate!
“Chen Ping, I will make you pay for this ……”
Ning Zhi roared angrily, a cold aura flashing in his eyes!
…………
After coming out of the Martial Dao Alliance, Chen Ping went straight to the Dragon Family.
At this moment, the Long Family was considered to be bustling with activity, as many clans and families had come to join them!
It was because behind the Long Family, there was Chen Ping backing them up, and that was why these people were so.
When Long Xingxu saw that Chen Ping had arrived, he immediately went out to greet him.
“Mr. Chen, now the Long Family is receiving a total of …………”
Long Xingxu wanted to follow Chen Ping and report back.
But Chen Ping waved his hand, “Don’t call me Mr. Chen, I also have half of the Dragon Family’s blood in me, you and I are originally brothers, so just call each other brothers.”
Chen Ping had hated the Long family at first, and hated to kill the entire Long family.
However, now that Long Jingguo’s father and son were dead and the whole thing was done by Long Jingguo, many members of the Long family did not know about it, so there was no need to implicate them.
Chen Ping’s words caused Long Xingxu to freeze, but then surprise appeared on his face!
He knew that Chen Ping’s words were tantamount to fully accepting the Long family and accepting himself ……
“Brother Chen Ping, we’ve now taken over a dozen clan families, and there are countless clans and families among them that want to make an alliance with the Dragon Family.”
“I plan to make an alliance as well, so that I can follow that Martial Alliance and fight against it!”
“But there’s just one thing, with such a huge organization, our Dragon Family’s resources are limited, so I’m afraid it will be hard to maintain ……”
Long Xingxu said to Chen Ping.
“The matter of engaging in an alliance is up to you, but those wallflower clans and families, you have to know how to screen them.”
“As for the matter of resources, I have a way, you order someone to send me paper and pencil!”
Chen Ping said to Long Xingxu.
“Good!”
Long Xingxu nodded and immediately ordered someone to send paper and pencil!
Then Chen Ping went into the room, slightly closed his eyes, carefully recalled, and then drew on the paper quickly.
The ones he drew were all maps and descriptions of those ancient ruins he had seen back in the Martial Alliance!
Although Ning Zhi hadn’t asked him to take the book out, but Chen Ping, with this extraordinary memory, had long since forgotten them.
Soon, the maps of a dozen ancient ruins were drawn out by Chen Ping.
Long Xingxu watched from the side, somewhat confused, not knowing what Chen Ping had drawn!