Although Toyotomi Hideyoshi had always lived by his soul and had no way to improve his strength, he could cultivate his divine mind, and originally he thought his divine mind was enough to rival anyone in the world!
But now he had met Chen Ping, who was so young, and his divine mind was even stronger and more concentrated than his!
The believers were also filled with disbelief as they watched the gods they believed in being easily crushed in front of Chen Ping!
Especially when Chen Ping’s golden dragon appeared, feeling the majesty of the golden dragon’s body, these believers almost fell to their knees and worshipped.
Their faith, at this moment, had begun to crumble!
“What other skills are there? If there are no other skills, then I will have to strike ……”
Chen Ping’s face froze as he fiercely swung the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand forward!
A several feet long sword mane instantly shot out, stabbing directly at that Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s eyes gaped as he crossed his arms and stabbed into the ground, and a flame emerged from the ground!
These flames began to converge and finally formed a large ball of fire, which Toyotomi Hideyoshi violently threw out.
Rumble …………
The sword mane followed by that ball of fire collided together and the whole heaven and earth began to tremble like an earthquake!
Those believers looked at the scene in front of them, and one by one, they kept retreating in fear!
Hu Ma Zi and Lao Fan also hurriedly put out their body protection spells, otherwise they would have been killed or injured if they were affected by the after-effects!
“You still have some skills ……”
Chen Ping stared at Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
“Kid, as I said, as long as I am here, I am living in, I can use all that is here, and you? When the spiritual energy in your body is depleted, I will see what you can do to fight me ……”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi said coldly.
“Then let’s try if you can make me deplete all my spiritual power ……”
Chen Ping finished his sentence and leapt up once again with his Zenglong Sword in his hand!
In a flash, Chen Ping followed that Toyotomi Hideyoshi in a fight, and a constant rumbling sound resounded above the entire mountain top!
“Master Hu, master he …………”
Yumiko looked at Chen Ping fighting with Toyotomi Hideyoshi and was a little worried.
“Don’t worry, Chen Ping will definitely win.”
Yumiko Hu said with a determined face.
Soon, the battle between Chen Ping and Toyotomi Hideyoshi had reached a fever pitch, and by now Toyotomi Hideyoshi was only able to fight!
The bigger he became, the more frightened he was. He could not understand why Chen Ping’s spiritual power was like a spring of water, a constant stream that simply could not be used up.
Now Toyotomi Hideyoshi could only dodge Chen Ping’s attacks by dodging left and right!
Not far away, Ono Hiroshi looked at the god in his heart, the ancestor he had spent half his life worshipping, and now he was being beaten to death, his heart was full of mixed feelings!
“Kid, you are suppressing me at every turn with the spirit sword in your hand, what kind of skill is that?”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi already felt that he had reached his limit.
Even though his body was covered with thick black scales, it was still easily broken through, and by now his body was already covered with large and small wounds!
If he could only keep Chen Ping from using the Dragon Cutting Sword now, he might still have a chance of winning!
Otherwise, he could only be pinned down by Chen Ping all the time!
“You are feeling that it is not quite fair for me to use a weapon, are you?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently.
“Of course, it’s certainly not fair for me to use my bare hands and you to use a weapon ……”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi exclaimed.
And at this moment, whether it was Ono Hiroshi or those believers, each and every one of them was as if they had been struck by lightning!
The god in their hearts, the martial god Toyotomi Hideyoshi, was now bargaining and using aggressive tactics.
This is simply a refreshing change in their perception ……