When Chen Ping heard this, his heart was astonished. Immediately afterwards, his qi sank into his dantian, his condensation technique ran, and his spiritual energy kept circling around his body.
With this test, Chen Ping found that he did not have the slightest effect at all.
As for that Qi Control Dan that Dong Liqun had mentioned, Chen Ping simply did not know what it was.
“Could it be that that Qi Control Pill, only works on martial artists, and has no effect on immortal cultivators?”
Chen Ping secretly pondered in his heart.
However, Chen Ping did not show it, instead he frowned tightly and pretended as if he had lost all his kung fu.
“How about it, have you thought it over? If you obediently hand over the Dragon Crystal, it will save me from having to do anything.”
Dong Liqun looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile.
“You’re dreaming ……”
Chen Ping looked at Dong Liqun with a gloomy face, full of murderous aura.
“Since that’s the case, then don’t blame me for being ungracious.”
Dong Liqun finished, then waved his hand.
One of the Dong Family’s underlings who was stopping in front of Chen Ping instantly struck out towards Chen Ping.
Even if he was a subordinate of the Dong Family, he was still a Martial Sect!
But just as that Dong Family subordinate was forcing himself towards Chen Ping, he saw Chen Ping slap out a palm!
Poof!
A sound of a rotten watermelon being stomped on appeared.
One could only see that Dong Family servant’s head instantly explode, and his entire body directly flew out a dozen meters away.
Seeing that Chen Ping actually still had such strength, Dong Liqun was just astonished.
His eyes were filled with disbelief, that Qi Control Pill was something he had spent a lot of money on, and it definitely worked 100% of the time.
How could it be that it did not work on Chen Ping?
Was it because the time was too short?
Dong Liqun was a bit confused.
But now that he had torn his face, there was no way he would let Chen Ping go, no matter what.
“Take him down for me!”
Dong Liqun ordered to the butler.
The butler nodded, and then a light lingered above his two fists.
In a moment, two tiger heads covered the butler’s fists and a tiger whistle was emitted!
This was the stance of the butler, and to be the great butler of the Dong family, he naturally had exceptional skills.
“Chen Ping, do you still want to resist?”
The butler asked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped slightly, “Cut the f*cking crap, use whatever skills you have, don’t f*cking want to be a wh*re and set up a pagoda.”
At this moment, Chen Ping was extremely disgusted with these people from the Dong family.
All of them were hypocrites.
When the butler saw this, he no longer spoke, but exploded with Qi energy, and then stepped towards Chen Ping to attack.
The huge shadow of his fist carried a tiger’s whistling sound, as if two fierce tigers pounced on Chen Ping.
The sound of breaking air resounded through the sky!
Chen Ping did not move a muscle, his fists glittered with a dazzling golden light!
The power of the divine dragon lingered above his fists, turning into two golden dragons circling.
In the face of the butler’s attack, Chen Ping similarly threw both fists!
A dragon roar rang out as Chen Ping’s fist power also transformed into golden dragons and met him.
Boom!
The two dragons and two tigers collided together, a huge energy that instantly exploded, the whole house began to tremble, and the tables and chairs in the room instantly turned into powder.
Seeing this, Dong Liqun hurriedly supported the house with both palms, a breath visible to the naked eye, holding the house in place, otherwise the house would have collapsed down.
In looking at the housekeeper, he was directly knocked out, his body fell heavily to the ground, spitting blood.
“You …… have actually not been controlled by the Qi Control Dan at all, controlling your power?”
The steward looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not reply as the corners of his mouth lifted, but his body leapt up and ran towards the outside of the courtyard.
Although Chen Ping did not have his power controlled by the Qi Control Pill, he was not a match against an expert like Dong Liqun, plus the rest of the Dong family.
If one knew that the Dong family was able to gain a foothold in Kyoto and did not join the Martial Arts Union, then they must have some strength of their own.