…………
Kyoto, at the entrance of the Martial Arts Union!
Chen Ping stood quietly as he planned to break into the Martial Arts Union and get Su Yuqi out.
Zhu Zhi Shan had had an arm cut off by himself, so it was no longer enough to be feared!
Chen Ping gripped the Dragon Cutting Sword tightly, and his Unbreakable Golden Body was ready.
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a god of killing, his body filled with a murderous aura.
But just as Chen Ping was about to walk into the Martial Alliance, he was suddenly tapped on the shoulder.
Chen Ping snapped his hand back and slapped out a palm, but when he saw who had slapped him, he immediately stopped!
The wind of the palm whistled, and although Chen Ping stopped in time, he nevertheless caused the other man to feel a burst of burning pain on his skin!
“Chen Ping, your kid’s strength has really gotten a lot stronger!”
Xing Jun rubbed his face and said to Chen Ping.
“Captain Xing, what are you doing here?”
Chen Ping asked in a somewhat strange manner.
“Of course I’m here to find you, Mr. Shi had expected you to break into the Martial Alliance again, so he asked me to bring you back to ……”
Xing Jun said.
“How did Mr. Shi know that I had already returned to Kyoto?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, but soon said with a firm face, “I’m not going back, I have to save my girlfriend before I can do that ……”
Looking at Chen Ping’s determined look, Xing Jun said helplessly, “Mr. Shi knew you would definitely be stubborn, so he asked me to tell you that if you break into the Martial Alliance this time, you will definitely die, don’t think your are immortal, there are many people who know about that little secret of yours!”
Chen Ping froze, looking at Xing Jun incredulously, this kind of look, directly put Xing Jun in a furious state!
“Don’t look at me like that, this is what Mr. Shi told me to tell you, what secrets you have, I don’t know ……”
Xing Jun hurriedly waved his hand and said.
Chen Ping did not say anything, his heart was extremely shocked, he was now somewhat beginning to doubt Mr. Shi’s identity.
Could it be that this Mr. Shi was also a highly powerful immortal cultivator?
He himself was now a YuanYing realm immortal cultivator, could it be that this realm, in Mr. Shi’s eyes, was not worth mentioning?
Chen Ping could not understand, and even more so, he could not understand why Mr. Shi was doing this!
It was only after a while that Chen Ping nodded and agreed to follow Xing Jun and leave!
As he was leaving, Chen Ping looked back at the Martial Alliance, “Yu Qi, don’t worry, I will get you out sooner or later.”
Chen Ping followed Xing Jun to a very ordinary looking quadrangle!
Chen Ping was a little puzzled, usually when he saw Mr. Shi, he was always in the Protector’s Pavilion, how could he come to such a place this time?
“Captain Xing, what are you bringing me here for?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“Of course it’s for you to meet Mr. Shi ……”
Xing Jun replied.
Chen Ping did not ask any questions and followed behind Xing Jun towards the room.
When he walked into the room, Chen Ping felt that this ordinary courtyard was not simple, because he felt that there were auras surging all around this courtyard, concealing a lot of mechanisms and formations!
This should be where Mr. Shi lived and worked, and this was the first time Chen Ping had ever been here.
“Chen Ping, sit down for a while, Mr. Shi will be here in a moment ……”
Xing Jun said as he poured Chen Ping a cup of tea.
“Thank you Captain Xing ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly resulted in a cup of tea and followed Xing Jun to thank him.
Xing Jun gave Chen Ping a meaningful look and then walked out of the room, closing the door behind him in the process.
But the moment Xing Jun closed the door, a sudden shudder ran through the house, followed by a rumbling sound.
Chen Ping frowned, and then his face changed dramatically as he got up and rushed towards the outside of the room.
But just as he reached the door, he saw an iron gate, which instantly sealed the door of the room.
A faint white glow then appeared all around, like a curtain of light, shutting Chen Ping inside the room.
Seeing this, Chen Ping fiercely raised his hand and slapped his palm over.
Boom!
There was an explosive sound and Chen Ping’s body was instantly bounced back.
Only then did Chen Ping realise that the entire room had been arranged in a forbidden manner, and he could not rush out at all.