When the poison tent disappears, it will be fine, but this Meteorite Sun City does not have a poison tent either, and he does not understand whether the daughter of the Sun City Lord was hit by the poison tent or not!
“Old Jia, I do have a pharmacist inside my team this time, or else I’ll ask him to help your niece take a look?”
Cai Hongwei was talking about Chen Ping!
“Forget it, so many pharmacists have come and failed to take a good look, the pharmacist inside your team, which one is powerful enough to take a good look at it at all.”
Old Jia waved his hand, after all, he had followed Cai Hongwei and was familiar with him, knowing that every time Cai Hongwei led a team, even though there were pharmacists inside the team, they were just average pharmacists!
“Old Jia, don’t look down on people, I have a pill dun inside my team this time, senior pill dun ……”
Cai Hongwei said unhappily when he saw Old Jia’s attitude!
“Medicine Zun? Really?” Old Jia froze!
“Just wait, I’ll get it for you right away ……”
After saying that, Cai Hongwei got up and left, he went to find Chen Ping!
Originally, Chen Ping wanted to rest, he had just made a breakthrough, he had to seize the time to cultivate!
But who knew that he was pulled by Cai Hongwei!
“Old Jia, this is the Medicine Dignitary, Mr Chen ……”
Cai Hongwei explained to Old Jia!
After saying that, Cai Hongwei then pointed at Old Jia and said “Mr Chen, this Old Jia is Sun City Lord’s sworn brother, he’s still the elder brother, or else how could he build this sh*tty courtyard next to the City Lord’s Mansion ah.”
“Old Cai, you’re not joking with me right? This is the Pill Dignitary you’re talking about?”
Old Jia sized up Chen Ping, his eyes full of disbelief!
Chen Ping was too young, how could he be a Pill Exalt!
“Do you think I look like I am joking with you?” Cai Hongwei had a serious face “We encountered a poisonous tent in the Chilian Mountain Range, thanks to Mr Chen, or else we would have all died in it, as well as the fact that I was injured, and when Mr Chen put down an elixir, I was cured the next day.”
“You take us to the city lord’s mansion now, maybe Mr Chen has a way to heal your great niece!”
Looking at Cai Hongwei with a serious look on his face, Lao Jia once again looked at Chen Ping suspiciously before nodding his head and saying “Alright, I will take you guys to try ……”
“Sorry, I don’t have time ……”
But who knows, Chen Ping even directly refused!
Chen Ping didn’t know that Sun City Lord, much less his daughter, so why should he go to see the other party!
Chen Ping wasn’t short of spirit coins either, he just wanted to use the rest time to cultivate, when he waited until he reached the Heavenly Demon Mountain, he didn’t know how many unknown dangers there would be!
Old Jia froze, he did not expect Chen Ping to refuse!
Cai Hongwei also didn’t expect it, so he hurriedly said “Mr Chen, just go and have a look, if you can really cure that Sun City Lord’s daughter’s illness, there will definitely be no shortage of benefits.”
“Young man, if you cure my great niece, you can make any conditions you want ……”
Old Jia said to Chen Ping!
After Chen Ping heard this, he smiled faintly and said “Good, if I cure your great niece’s illness, I don’t want any spirit coins, I only want that mountain treasure tree in your backyard.”
Chen Ping entered the compound, he felt that there is a trace of immortal gas, then in the backyard Chen Ping found that the precious tree, and the precious tree around, there are formations to cover up, so that the immortal gas can not overflow.
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Old Jia froze, and then looked at Chen Ping with a terrifying look in his eyes!
Cai Hongwei saw that old Jia’s look was not right and hurriedly said “Mr Chen, what’s so good about a broken tree, what’s the use of having that.”
“I only need that tree, agree and I can go and heal it.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Old Jia’s complexion slowly eased a bit from terrible “Good, I promise you, being able to see the specialness of that tree proves that you do have some skills, I hope you won’t let me down ……”
After saying that, Old Jia took Chen Ping and Cai Hongwei towards the City Lord’s Mansion!