“What are you talking about? If both children agree, I have no problem with it, after all, Chen Ping is a child I also watched growing up, and it’s not his fault that he’s in jail ……”
At this time, Wang Changfeng came in with a large bowl, “This is my own sauce, you guys try it ……”
“Auntie Wang ……” Chen Ping saw Wang Changfeng walk in and hastily reached out to take the bowl!
Chen Ping has been following Wang Changfeng’s family as neighbours since he came to Hongcheng in his teens, so the two families have a good relationship!
“Auntie Wang, you are too kind. I grew up with that child Han Han, who is so understanding and beautiful, it would be great if our families could really be related ……”
Tang Hongying got up and pulled Wang Changfeng to sit down with her!
“I don’t want her to marry far away. I’ll call Han Han tonight and let her come home so that we can have a meal together.”
Wang Changfeng said happily, she could see that she was very happy with Chen Ping too!
“Good, good, I heard that Han Han has found a good job, earning a lot of money ……”
Tang Hongying nodded happily and said.
“It’s a lot of money, but I don’t go home all day, and it’s hard for me to see her ……”
Wang Changfeng said, picking up her mobile phone to call her daughter!
Soon the call was answered and Wang Han Han’s lazy voice came through, “Mom, why are you calling me at this hour, I’m still sleeping!”
“You child, it’s already afternoon, why are you still sleeping? Don’t you have to go to work?”
Wang Changfeng said with a start.
“Oh, I have to work late tonight, so I’m catching up on my sleep this afternoon, is there anything wrong?”
Wang Hanhan hurriedly asked.
“Oh, your brother Chen Ping has been released from prison, I thought I’d ask you to come home tonight, and we’ll have dinner together!”
Wang Changfeng said.
“Mom, I don’t have time, wait for a few days, these two days are too busy ……” After finishing, Wang Han Han hung up the phone directly!
Wang Changfeng listened to the busy tone inside the phone and looked a little embarra*sed!
“He Wang aunt, since Han Han is too busy, then another day, it’s not as bad as this day or two!”
Tang Hongying was afraid that Wang Changfeng would get angry, so she hurriedly persuaded him!
“Hey, now that the kids are older, they really don’t listen at all anymore ……”
Wang Changfeng sighed!
Wang Changfeng stayed at Chen Ping’s house until late afternoon, while Chen Ping had nothing to do and planned to go out for a walk, at this moment, Lin Tianhu called and wanted to invite Chen Ping for a meal, on the spot Chen Ping was Lin Tianhu’s boss, so of course Lin Tianhu wanted to befriend Chen Ping!
Originally, Chen Ping wanted to refuse, but on second thought, if he went home for dinner, Wang Changfeng was still at their house, so he would probably have dinner together, and then at the dinner table, he would definitely follow his parents and nag them about himself, so Chen Ping agreed to do it!
Lin Tianhu wanted to pick Chen Ping up, but Chen Ping refused and took a taxi himself, heading towards the restaurant Lin Tianhu had mentioned!
During the years when Chen Ping was in jail, Hongcheng was developing particularly fast, a small city with dozens of bars and KTVs, and at night, the bright neon lights were flashing and the streets were full of handsome men and women!
Just when the taxi Chen Ping was in was pa*sing by a Wind and Moon bar, he suddenly saw a familiar figure, dressed in a beautiful outfit, walking inside the bar along with some girls!
“Wang Han Han?” Chen Ping frowned slightly.
When he called this afternoon, this Wang Han Han still said that she was working late at night, so why did she suddenly appear at the bar?
Could it be that this Wang Han Han had been working inside the bar all along?
In order to find out, Chen Ping asked the taxi to stop, and after paying the fare, he followed Wang Han Han all the way inside!