“How strange ……”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed!
Wu Mei’er, on the other hand, said in disbelief, “What is Mr. Shi doing giving us a wordless heavenly book, and not telling us the method ……”
“Mr. Shi told you to give me the book, there must be a use for it, and since he didn’t say the method, he thinks I have a way to read the book myself!”
Chen Ping had an infinite admiration for Mr. Shi in his heart!
Not because Mr. Shi had helped him, but he always felt that this Mr. Shi was erudite and knowledgeable, as if he knew everything and knew everything ……
“Chen Ping, does this Wordless Heavenly Book need to be connected to your bloodline for you to be able to see the contents?”
At this time, Su Yuqi said.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he immediately bit his finger, followed by a few drops of blood falling on top of the Wordless Heavenly Book!
Sure enough, after the drops of blood fell onto the Wordless Heavenly Book, they were instantly absorbed, and immediately afterwards the Wordless Heavenly Book began to shine with light!
Something began to appear on the first page of the Wordless Heavenly Book, along with a bright red blood streak appearing, and soon the first page of the Wordless Heavenly Book, turned out to be a map!
“There, there, something is revealed ……”
Seeing this, Xiao Ru shouted happily!
For his part, Chen Ping didn’t have time to take a closer look at the map, instead he turned inside to the back and once again dropped his blood on it!
But this time, the Wordless Heavenly Book was unresponsive, and nothing more showed up!
Seeing the Wordless Book of Heaven, Chen Ping and the others were all frozen!
They had thought they had found a way, but now only one page of it had appeared!
“Let’s study the map first, perhaps the way to make this Wordless Heavenly Book reveal its contents is inside this map!”
Su Yuqi hurriedly said.
Several people carefully studied the map on the first page, but they found that the map didn’t seem to match up with any place in the secular world.
Just as a few people were concentrating on their research, Chen Ping suddenly lit up!
“I got it ……”
Chen Ping shouted out excitedly, startling Su Yuqi and the girls!
“I know, this map shows this secret realm we are in, look at this mountain, this water, and this jungle, it’s exactly the same as here.”
Chen Ping was gesturing on the map!
But Su Yuqi and the girls had just arrived in this secret realm, so they didn’t know what it looked like!
If Chen Ping hadn’t turned around the entire secret realm in order to find Su Yuqi and find the exit, he wouldn’t have been able to tell that this map was drawn on the exact secret realm they were in!
“But there’s nothing marked on this map, even if there is this map, what’s the use of it?”
Xiao Ru asked, puzzled.
And just as Xiao Ru’s words fell, she saw a bright moonlight scattered in the night sky on top of the Wordless Heavenly Book!
Soon, the Wordless Heavenly Book lit up with a faint glow, and a small red dot began to appear above the map on the first page!
The little red dot kept flickering with light, and it was obvious that it had been deliberately marked there, so there should be something special about it!
“Here, here, the place with the flashing red dot, could it be the exit of this secret realm?”
Wu Mei’er asked, pointing her finger at the place on the map where the flashing light dot was.
“First, whether it is or not, we have to go to that place to take a look, since Mr. Shi told to give me the book, then the book must be helpful to my current situation.”
Chen Ping was convinced that Mr Shi wouldn’t give him a book that would be of no use to him!
Just as Chen Ping was leading Su Yuqi and the others towards the red dot place, in a high mountain steep place in the secular world!
Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan, father and son, were ascending the mountain, the two of them dressed in rags, like beggars!
“Son, hold on a little longer, we will soon reach Kuchan Temple ……”
Shi Qingpei encouraged Shi Yan!