Seeing this, Su Yuqi could only return the book to Wu Mei’er, and then said, “How are you two doing now? If we can, we need to familiarise ourselves with this secret realm before we can do so!”
“We’re fine ……”
Xiao Ru and Wu Mei’er all nodded their heads!
Su Yuqi then took the two with her and began to familiarize herself with this secret realm, but all the way there, Su Yuqi surprisingly did not find a single person from the Demon Heart Sect.
Not even a single demonic beast had been encountered, knowing that in a very large secret realm like this, there were demonic beasts present, and demonic beasts were also resources in the secret realm, and their final destination was to be devoured for beast pills to help others cultivate!
But this secret realm has nothing, not even a hint of living creatures ……
But the environment in this secret realm was very good, not very harsh, and this allowed Su Yuqi and the three girls to suffer a lot less!
After walking for some distance, Wu Mei’er couldn’t carry on a bit!
After all, she was only an ordinary person, unlike Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru, who could still hold on even if they didn’t eat or drink!
Seeing Wu Mei’er in that state, Su Yuqi could only stop and rest!
“Xiao Ru, you keep an eye on your sister Mei’er, I’ll go and find something to eat, see if there are any wild fruits or something.”
Since there were no living things in this secret realm, they could only find some wild fruits to feed their hunger!
Su Yuqi went to look for something to eat, while just a short distance away from them, Chen Ping was sitting on his knees, his Heart Condensation Technique running to the extreme, absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth!
During this period of time, he had already gone through the entire Secret Realm, but he could not find an exit at all, be it a mountain peak or a river, but he still could not find a place to go out!
The secret realm was surrounded by chaos. Chen Ping had tried to walk through this chaos like he did in the Demon Spirit Sect to see if he could get out of the secret realm!
The result was that he could not even take one step into the chaotic land, which was filled with spatial and temporal chaos, and there was no way to pa*s through it.
Now Chen Ping could only try to cultivate and improve, and hope that Hu Ma Zi and the others would find a way to open the entrance from outside!
But just as Chen Ping was cultivating, a fluctuation suddenly flashed in his mind, a sign that his divine sense had detected an aura fluctuation!
“Someone?”
Chen Ping’s eyes snapped open, and there was indescribable excitement on his face!
Following the sensation of his divine sense, Chen Ping flew towards the place where the fluctuating aura was!
And at this moment, Su Yuqi was looking for something she could eat, completely unaware that someone was approaching her!
Just like that, the two people were getting closer and closer ……
As they drew closer, Chen Ping could clearly feel that the scent was very familiar!
“Yu Qi’s scent? Could it be Yu Qi? Is she really being held here?”
With incredible excitement on Chen Ping’s face, the pace of his feet grew faster and faster!
Soon, a figure appeared in front of Chen Ping’s eyes.
When Chen Ping saw the figure, his whole body instantly froze, standing frozen on the spot, as if he had been cast in a fixation spell!
The expression on Chen Ping’s face was also very complicated, from surprise to excitement, from excitement to confusion ……
He had clearly gone through the entire secret realm and there was no one there at all, but at this time, how did Su Yuqi suddenly appear?
At this time Su Yuqi raised her eyes and also found Chen Ping who was standing dumbfounded, which also caused Su Yuqi to freeze instantly!
The two people just stood frozen, looking at each other, no one said anything, but the excitement and thrill in both of their eyes showed through unabashedly!
“Chen Ping …………”
Finally, after the two looked at each other for several minutes, Su Yuqi shouted and ran straight towards Chen Ping!
“Yuqi ……”
Chen Ping also rushed out towards Su Yuqi!
Soon, the two hugged each other tightly, feeling the warmth of Su Yuqi’s body, Chen Ping punched a spiritual energy into Su Yuqi’s body!