“Do you think you have a choice now?”
Chen Ping revealed a cold smile!
Now Kuroki Kawasaki was meat on the table, Chen Ping could eat it however he wanted!
“I am one step short after all, if I could truly step into the Martial God in, there is no way you would be my opponent ……”
Kuroki Kawasaki was filled with regret!
If he really broke through the Martial Saint and reached the realm of Martial God, then Chen Ping would definitely not be his opponent!
Although Toyotomi Hideyoshi and the others were all Martial Gods, they were all just wisps of residual souls and their strength was greatly reduced.
If he could break through to Martial God, he would be a real living Martial God, the supreme being in the realm of martial arts!
Martial Dao Realm, Martial God Supreme, there is no higher realm ……
“Even if you break through the Martial God, the result will still be the same ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were indifferent as he walked step by step towards Kuroki Kawasaki!
After all, they were only martial artists and did not understand what the world of the Immortal Cultivation Realm was like!
Even if they reach Martial God, what can they do?
When they really reach the secret realm, when they reach the immortal cultivation world, they are still the same worthless ……
Kuroki Kawasaki looked at Chen Ping, he did not understand why Chen Ping had such confidence, but he knew that he must not let Chen Ping suck up his own strength!
Soon, Kuroki Kawasaki let out a sharp hiss, and the divine soul within his body rushed out violently, turning into a black smoke trying to escape!
At this level, as long as his soul remained intact, there was still a chance that Kuroki Kawasaki would be revived sooner or later!
As Chen Ping looked at Kuroki Kawasaki, who was trying to escape, he let out a cold snort!
Immediately afterwards, he opened his mouth with a fierce suction!
A huge suction instantly sucked Kuroki Kawasaki’s soul into his body!
All that was left outside was a skin of Kuroki Kawasaki, which began to burn under the scorching lava!
It was soon reduced to ashes.
Kuroki Kawasaki, the island’s number one expert, who was almost on the verge of breaking through to Martial God, had just vanished into thin air!
Not a trace was left behind!
Outside the crater, the crowd looked up at the top of the crater, and no one dared to go up there!
But there had been no sound coming from inside the crater for a long time!
Could it be that the battle was over?
Who triumphed in the end?
But in everyone’s mind, it was Kuroki Kawasaki!
Because Kuroki Kawasaki is the number one man on the island and the spiritual pillar of the island’s martial arts community.
No one would think that Kuroki Kawasaki would lose!
“It should be over, we can carry that Chen Ping’s body out now ……”
Muto Shinichi looked at the crater that hadn’t moved for a long time and slowly spoke!
But just as they were about to go up to the crater and carry Chen Ping’s corpse out!
Suddenly a figure floated up from the crater!
The figure’s body floated straight up to the crater and then came down with one step!
When the crowd saw the figure, they were all shocked and dumbfounded!
“What’s going on with this ……?”
Muto Shinichi looked at Chen Ping incredulously as he took one step downwards, his face turning unbearably pale!
“Where’s senior Kuroki Kawasaki?”
“How could senior Kuroki Kawasaki let him out, why didn’t he kill him?”
“This fellow, he couldn’t have followed Senior Kuroki Kawasaki and begged for mercy, could he?”
Many people were chattering in disbelief!
And only that Kawaguchi Kazuo seemed to understand something, his face turned uglier than eating sh*t!
Chen Ping walked downwards step by step, and everyone made a conscious effort to move out of the way!
“Chen …… Mr. Chen, where is senior Kuroki Kawasaki?”
Muto Shinichi asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping coldly swept a glance at Muto Shinichi, with just one glance, Muto Shinichi felt a huge mountain instantly pressing down, and with a poof he fell to his knees!
“Your island’s number one is no more, from now on, there is only one god allowed in your island, and that is me ……”
Chen Ping’s voice was calm, even light in tone!
Yet these words could be heard by all the islanders present!