“Mr. Chen, we’ll almost dock after dawn, you haven’t slept well for the past few days, why don’t you take a nap?”
Lin Tianhu said with concern.
For the past two days, Chen Ping had hardly slept at all, he had been watching over Gu Ling’er, he was afraid that if he fell asleep, something would happen to Gu Ling’er during this period!
“I’m fine, you go to sleep, also protect Uncle Su and Gu Gu, I always feel that this Boss Jin is odd!”
Chen Ping barked at Lin Tianhu!
They followed Jin Fusheng as non-friends, they weren’t even friends, they were just at the auction and had auctioned off most of the collection!
If Jin Fusheng wanted to help them and befriend Gu Wentian, he could just send a small boat, knowing that a return trip on this luxury cruise ship would cost an astronomical amount.
If Jin Fusheng wanted to help them, he would have sent a small boat, knowing that a return trip on this luxury cruise ship would cost an astronomical amount. Moreover, a return trip would take four days, and the tourists on the island would definitely be in an uproar.
Now that Jin Fusheng would rather risk offending all the tourists by sending them back with this luxury ship, there must be something fishy in it!
Businessmen are driven by profit, and Chen Ping did not believe that Jin Fusheng was just being kind.
“En, I will pay attention!”
Lin Tianhu nodded his head!
More than two hours later, it was almost dawn and not far from the South China City pier, at this moment several speedboats silently approached the cruise ship, and then seven or eight people went up the hanging ladder to the cruise ship!
Soon, these few people were taken to Jin Fusheng’s room, and among these few people, there were four identical looking people, these were the Nanshan Four, four people who were quadruplets!
“Boss, the men have arrived ……”
A man in a suit walked into Jin Fusheng’s room and said.
Jin Fusheng straightened his clothes and said with a wave of his hand, “Let them in!”
Soon, a few of the Nanshan Four Jie walked in!
Seeing this, Jin Fusheng hurriedly got up and greeted them!
Although these Nanshan Four Jie were not very old, they were very strong, and many times Jin Fusheng relied on these four men to complete his murderous deeds!
“Four of you, please …………”
Jin Fusheng politely invited the Four Jie of Nanshan to his seat.
“Boss Jin, did you call us four brothers to come here for another good deal?”
The eldest of the four Southern Mountain Jiejie asked.
“That’s for sure, otherwise why else would we have alerted you guys in the middle of the night ……”
Jin Fusheng smiled faintly!
“Say, what is the price this time and what kind of people are you dealing with, we four brothers have to take stock of it too!”
The boss asked bluntly.
Jin Fusheng looked around, the man in the suit had just hurriedly shooed everyone else out of the room!
“I’m not going to hide it from you four, there are a few people on my boat right now, all of them are tourists from Hong Cheng’s side, I’m going to ask you four to do it and kill these people, as for the reward, you can ask for whatever you want!”
Jin Fusheng said directly.
“A few tourists?”
The boss faintly stared, “If it’s just a few tourists, Boss Jin’s men can casually take care of them, you wouldn’t ask us four brothers to earn money, would you?”
They knew Jin Fusheng too well, they could risk their lives for money, if the other party was good to deal with, there was no way Jin Fusheng would spare the money and invite them here.
“Among these few people, there are two martial artists, and they feel that their strength is not low, so I invited you here just in case!”
Jin Fusheng explained.
“Oh, so that’s how it is, since the other party has two martial artists, we don’t know how strong they are, so it’s not good to negotiate this price in detail, but the minimum can’t be less than 10 million ……”
“No problem, as long as you kill these people and throw them all into the sea, I will give you 50 million ……”
Without waiting for the boss to finish, Jin Fusheng was full of promises!
Tens of millions were nothing to tens of billions of antiques!