Feeling the burst of killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, Zhu Zhishan’s brow furrowed tightly.
“Chen Ping, is your boy an immortal cultivator?”
Zhu Zhishan asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping had raised his strength so quickly in a short period of time, and he had clearly pierced his chest, but Chen Ping had still survived intact, so Zhu Zhishan became a little suspicious.
When he saw Zhu Zhishan talking about immortal cultivators, Chen Ping’s expression changed slightly, but he did not answer Zhu Zhishan.
He did not say yes, nor did he say no!
Instead, he said coldly, “Cut the f*cking crap, if you want to kill me, just do it ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping took the lead and made his move against Zhu Zhishan.
Facing Chen Ping’s attack, Zhu Zhishan did not dare to be the slightest bit careless, and immediately his breath exploded, pushing his whole body to wrap his internal energy around his body.
Zhu Zhishan knew how strong Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body was, and if it was a hard fight between two people, he had to be prepared.
Boom!
A simple and extreme clash, without any fancy moves, just the most primitive and violent clash!
A terrifying aura instantly scattered in all directions amidst the collision, and the Martial Alliance elders on the side were instantly blown away by the aura.
There was a loud wind, flying sand and rocks, and many trees were uprooted throughout the woods.
In the blink of an eye, the two men threw more than a dozen punches, each one with all their might, making the sound like thunder!
The more Chen Ping fought, the more courageous he became, the power of the divine dragon in his body emanating out, not fearing Zhu Zhishan in the slightest!
But Zhu Zhishan’s face was grim, his heart growing more and more frightened as he fought!
In just a few days, Chen Ping’s strength had grown at a rate that made Zhu Zhishan tremble with fear, even the most gifted geniuses he had seen had not progressed so rapidly!
Now Zhu Zhishan could be sure that Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator, otherwise there would be no way to explain everything that had happened to Chen Ping.
“What a pain, continue ……”
Chen Ping roared out, followed by a fist smashing out, a terrifying fist wind whistling!
Zhu Zhishan frowned, his heart burning with anger, feeling that this Chen Ping had fought him with a punch for half a day, was using him as a whetstone.
“Unknowing thing ……”
Zhu Zhishan shouted, and then also met him with a punch.
Boom!
There was another deafening sound.
Stomp stomp stomp …………
Zhu Zhishan’s body was instantly knocked back several steps, and the strong Qi that Zhu Zhishan was protecting around his body was also instantly shattered!
Zhu Zhishan looked coldly at Chen Ping, his eyes growing colder and colder.
On the other hand, there was a strong look of shock in the eyes of the Wudao Alliance elder.
He had seen it all from the sidelines.
Chen Ping followed Zhu Zhishan in the battle, looking very relaxed, while Zhu Zhishan looked a little woefully out of sorts!
The two men were no longer on the same level, both in terms of strength and psychology.
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan also understood this point.
Now Zhu Zhishan had no bottom in his psyche, and from this aspect, he had lost to Chen Ping.
Moreover, looking at Chen Ping’s appearance, it was obvious that he still had a killing move.
“Today’s matter has come to this, I’m not afraid of you knowing more ……”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, a fine light flickered in his eyes, and immediately afterwards, a black and golden light began to flicker at Zhu Zhishan’s chest.
This light was emitted from the orb in Zhu Zhi Shan’s arms.
Soon, Zhu Zhishan’s body was also covered with a layer of armour, which shone with a black-golden glow and was surrounded by a black mist!
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared: “I didn’t expect that you, who is the alliance leader of the Wudao Alliance, would also practice evil techniques and be an evil cultivator, it looks like the entire Wudao Alliance has also long since become the lair of evil cultivators ……”
Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything, just stared at Chen Ping with a murderous look on his face.