“How did you …… you get up here? How is this possible?”
Old Black’s face was full of shock as he asked incredulously!
“The forbidden formation was broken, so I came up!”
Cen Biqing said truthfully!
Upon hearing that the forbidden formation had been broken, Old Black instantly became incredibly excited, and the aura on his body suddenly skyrocketed!
Boom!
Only to see that old black erupt with a heaven destroying aura, causing the entire tower to seemingly shake, followed by a black light directly towards the fifth floor!
But the next moment, accompanied by a blood-coloured great formation sweeping through, instantly suppressing that black light back!
Old Black shouted angrily and charged towards the fifth floor again, then was suppressed in the same way and fell heavily to the ground!
Just like this for several times in a row, Old Black was suppressed and simply couldn’t charge to the fifth floor!
“Mr Chen, what is this guy doing?”
Ji Yun asked in confusion!
Chen Ping shook his head, “I don’t know, is he crazy?”
Cen Biqing also looked at that old black guy in confusion, not knowing what he was going to do!
“Little Qing, you dare to lie to me, where did the formation break?”
Old Black looked at Cen Biqing angrily, he felt cheated!
Hearing Old Black say so, the crowd was instantly speechless, this guy thought that the formation was broken so he could go to the tower!
Cen Biqing was speechless, “Old Black, I said that the formation on my level is broken, I didn’t say that your level is broken too, you rushed without asking, is your brain fed to the dogs?”
“You ……” Old Black was instantly speechless.
Chen Ping several people looked at that old black, also was crying and laughing, really don’t know how this guy cultivated for ten thousand years!
With this IQ, it seems like it doesn’t follow the strength at all!
“You break open this layer of mine as well, I’m going to the tower ……”
Old Black said to Cen Biqing!
“I can’t break open ……,” Cen Biqing replied!
“Shit, you’re still fooling me, you’re not ……”
“I didn’t break the forbidden formation, it was Mr Chen who helped break it.”Cen Biqing didn’t wait for that old black to finish, she hurriedly pointed at Chen Ping and said!
She knew that this old black didn’t have much of a brain, so she had to say it clearly!
It was only at this time that the old black man noticed Chen Ping’s presence and ignored them at first!
After sizing up Chen Ping and the others, Old Black let out a cold laugh and said, “Little Green, are you lying to me, a little brat of the Ferrying Realm is just a little brat, how could he possibly break the forbidden formations within this tower?”
“Old me can crush him to death with a single finger, I can’t even break it, how can he possibly break it.”
Old Black obviously didn’t believe it, he thought Cen Biqing was lying to him!
“Believe it or not, anyway, I told you, if you beg Mr Chen now, he might be able to help you break the forbidden formation.”
Cen Biqing said indifferently!
Seeing Cen Biqing’s tone, Old Black looked at Chen Ping, then hooked his hand and said, “Kid, help me break this formation, I can not kill you, if you can’t break it, I will let your soul perish!”
Chen Ping froze, somewhat incredulous, was this a fucking begging attitude?
When Cen Biqing heard this, she also wanted to curse, what was this guy’s brain thinking, just begging like this?
“Hahaha, Old Black, you pig brain, with this begging attitude of yours, even your father will not help you.”
At this time, a child’s voice unexpectedly came from the fifth floor!
There was mockery in the voice, cursing Old Black’s face red!
This time, Old Black’s face was black and red!
“Little brat, when I get to the fifth floor, I will definitely peel your skin, whip your tendons, and then tear your stinking mouth.”
Old Black ran to the bottom of the steps and tilted his head towards the fifth floor, screaming and cursing!
“Hahahaha, you can’t get up, you can’t get up, angry you stinking fool ……”
“Slightly slightly slightly …………”
The child’s voice provoked Old Black.