Watanabe Fumio was relieved to see that his daughter was all right, but looking at the bodies not far away, Watanabe Fumio’s face turned ugly!
“Yumiko, what’s happened here? Did you kill those people?”
Fumio Watanabe asked.
Yumiko shook her head, “No ……”
Yumiko then told Watanabe Fumio what had happened after him, and Watanabe Fumio was simply furious, his eyes bursting with killing intent!
“Yumiko, you said it was your friends from Daxia who saved you and killed these, where are they then?”
Fumio Watanabe asked.
“Gone, they left when you came.”
Yumiko said.
Watanabe Fumio didn’t ask any more questions, but said to his men, “Carry all the bodies back and find out who they are for me ……”
Soon, the bodies were carried away and Yumiko was protected and went home!
And Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi were hiding not far away, watching what was going on in front of them!
“Chen Ping, you still call me a big pervert, I see that you are not much different from me, seeing an island girl, you can’t control it either, right?”
Hu Pazzi said with a playful face as he looked at Chen Ping.
“Where are you thinking of, I approached that Watanabe Yumiko so that I could penetrate the Watanabe family and disintegrate them from within.”
Chen Ping explained.
“Then why didn’t you promise that little girl just now and go home with her? Why is there still running?”
Hu Ma Zi asked, full of confusion.
“It’s called lust, if we take the initiative to agree so much, I’m sure that Watanabe Fumio will be wary of us.”
“Let’s just take our time and wait, I believe that Watanabe Fumio will definitely find a way to contact us.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, seemingly with a clear mind!
…………
Watanabe Fumio’s villa!
Looking at the several corpses in front of him, Watanabe Fumio’s face looked very ugly!
“What about it? Did you find out the identity?”
Watanabe Fumio asked to his subordinate.
“Family head, these people have no identity, it is impossible to find out ……”
The subordinate shook his head!
“The only one who dares to make a move against my daughter in Xijing is that fellow Watanabe Fumio, he has already lost his heart for this family headship!”
Watanabe Fumio knew very well in his heart that no one but that Watanabe Fumigan would dare to make a move against his daughter!
“Family head, but these few people all received heavy wounds to their chests and died at the same time, the person who struck must be very strong.”
The subordinate analyzed!
“En, I heard Yumiko say that her Daxia friend just waved her hand and these few killers all died, so it seems that this person is definitely a Great Martial Marquis strength, or even higher!”
“You go and secretly investigate this friend of Yumiko’s and find out what his identity really is!”
Watanabe Fumio commanded.
The subordinate nodded, then turned around and left!
Just as the subordinate had left, a shouting and cursing could be heard from outside, followed by the sound of hurried footsteps!
“D*mn it, who the hell is with making a move against my great niece? How dare you touch our Watanabe family in Xijing, you’re just looking for death!”
“If I find out, I’ll have to pick his skin ……”
A middle-aged man dressed in a samurai uniform with wooden clogs on his feet, cursed as he walked in!
This man was Watanabe Fumio’s younger brother, Watanabe Fumikishi!
At this moment, behind Watanabe Fumikishi was also a young man, who looked gentle, but always had a bit of a chill in his eyes!
This young man is Watanabe Fumio’s eldest son, Watanabe Taro.
Seeing that Watanabe Fumikishi had come and was pretending to act like one, a pang of disgust went through Watanabe Fumio’s heart!
“Brother, the murderer who moved Yumiko, have you caught him yet?”
Watanabe Fumikishi asked Watanabe Fumio as soon as he entered the door.
“That’s …… lying on the ground.”
Watanabe Fumio pointed to a few bodies lying on the ground!