If the commotion was too loud and alerted Mr. Shi, it wouldn’t be good, and the fact that that Mr. Shi was able to give the pen to Chen Ping proved that he had a good relationship with Chen Ping!
“Hmph, look at your nerve, nowadays, as long as it’s not those hidden families or people in the secret realm that show up, even if the entire Kyoto martial arts community were all out, I wouldn’t put it in my eyes.”
Jue Yuan snorted coldly and rebuked at Shi Qingpei!
Seeing this, Shi Qingpei was so frightened that he did not dare to make a sound either.
The collapse of the gate caused many members of the Dragon Sect to rush out, and when they saw Jue Yuan and the others, they all became furious and rushed forward with their swords!
Who would dare to come after the Dragon Sect, not to mention the Kyoto martial arts community, or even the entire Grand Xia martial arts community?
But now, there was this man who was not afraid of death, who came to the Dragon Sect to cause trouble, and all the members of the Dragon Sect swarmed on him!
Faced with the Dragon Sect, Jue Yuan sneered and waved his long sleeves and robe, and a huge aura arrived in a flash!
Those members of the Dragon Sect flew backwards, spitting out blood, and some of them lost their breath!
“Who are you people? How dare you come to my Dragon Sect and spill the beans?”
At that moment, Long Xingxu arrived with his men and looked at Jue Yuan’s trio, his face ugly as he asked.
“Where is Chen Ping? Tell him to come out and suffer death, for robbing our family, I’ll make him pay back twice as much!”
Shi Yan stepped forward and shouted a loud curse!
“Our Sect Master is not here, who the hell are you people?”
Long Xingxu continued to ask.
“Not here? I think he’s hiding, right? If that Chen Ping doesn’t come out in, I’ll tear this Dragon Sect of his down ……”
Shi Yan spoke very tough because he had Jue Yuan backing him up!
“Since you don’t dare to reveal your names, then don’t blame me for being ungracious!”
Long Xingxu said, and slapped his palm towards Shi Yan!
“Hmph, a mere Grand Martial Marquis dares to be unrestrained ……”
At the side, Jue Yuan’s eyes were full of contempt, the corners of his mouth curled up in an arc, followed by a flick of his palm!
Long Xingxu’s body crashed to a halt, only to feel as if his body was pressed by a thousand pounds of heavy stones, not to mention taking a step forward, even to stand is very difficult!
Long Xingxu’s whole body emitted a cackling sound, the blood vessels in his body began to burst, a blood sword shot out!
Poof …………
Long Xingxu finally failed to hold on and fell straight to the ground, his body long since stained with blood, his life and death unknown!
When the rest of the Dragon Sect saw this situation, their faces turned unsightly!
“Go and call Chen Ping out ……”
Shi Yan looked to the crowd of the Dragon Sect and roared!
“Our Sect Master is indeed not here!” Someone spoke up.
“Not in?” Ruthlessness flashed in Shi Yan’s eyes as his entire body flickered away and soon reached the Dragon Sect crowd!
After a few miserable screams, the members of the Dragon Sect fell down!
“Are they there?” Shi Yan asked with a murderous aura.
The Dragon Sect members’ faces were shocked, but none of them fled, one by one they stood their ground, although they knew they were outmatched, they did not fear life and death!
“Quite a backbone, let’s see if that Chen Ping will appear when I kill you all ……”
Having said that, Shi Yan casually grabbed his hand towards the void, and in an instant countless powerful qi went towards the many members of the Dragon Sect!
Even though Shi Yan could not defeat Chen Ping, he could deal with the ordinary disciples of the Dragon Sect with ease!
Faced with Shi Yan’s terrifying Qi, the faces of all the members of the Dragon Sect turned pale!
But at that moment, there was a sudden flash of golden light in mid-air, and a golden talisman appeared in front of them!
The talisman only saw those strong qi blocked, and then a violent explosion occurred!
Shi Yan frowned slightly, and the next thing he saw was that Hu Ma Zi was in mid-air, stepping into the air ……