Soon after, Zhu Zhishan unexpectedly withdrew the powerful force, and Chen Ping was relieved.
It was not that Zhu Zhishan did not want to kill Chen Ping, but that Chen Ping had Mr. Shi behind him, so Zhu Zhishan did not dare to make a move.
He could let others do it, but he himself would never gamble on his own future.
Chen Ping smiled coldly at Zhu Zhishan, his eyes full of provocation.
He had guessed correctly that Zhu Zhishan would not kill himself!
“Kid, just because I won’t make a move to kill you doesn’t mean that no one will, you’ve already forced yourself into a dead end ……”
Zhu Zhishan narrowed his eyes and gritted his teeth.
“Since you don’t dare to make a move, then cut the crap ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and walked outwards.
Looking at Chen Ping’s back as he left, Zhu Zhishan almost didn’t die of anger as he grabbed Guo Wei’s head and instantly crushed it.
“I’ll make you die an ugly death …………”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, he took out his mobile phone and dialed a number.
…………
Guo Wei was dead, and the video Chen Ping shot had long since gone viral on the martial arts forums!
Although many people thought that Chen Ping was looking for death himself, but the fact that Chen Ping uploaded the videos twice in a row had made him gain a group of fans!
Not everyone in the martial arts world likes what the Kyoto Martial Arts Union is doing!
The Kyoto Martial Arts Union, by virtue of its position, often suppressed martial arts unions elsewhere, and made harsh requirements for many clans and families to enter the Union, just for the sake of making profits.
This practice has long since abandoned the original intention of establishing the Martial Alliance, but many people dare not speak out in anger!
This time Chen Ping actually made the unbeatable director of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union kneel on the ground, which made many people secretly let out a sigh of relief.
“Chen Ping is really bullish, not only did he make Guo Wei kneel on the ground, he even killed him ……”
“This Chen Ping is too bullish, I wonder if he accepts disciples?”
“I think this Chen Ping can now rank a place in the free list.”
“Are you looking for death upstairs? How dare you mention the word “Free and Easy” in the Martial Arts Forum?”
“After killing the director of the Wudao Alliance, this Chen Ping will definitely not live long, and I feel it is useless to be on the list or not ……”
Chen Ping’s reputation had already started to rise in the martial arts world.
And the above mentioned Prosperity List is, in the martial arts world, a hidden ranking, a list of young men who are then ranked by many netizens based on each man’s battle record!
Only this list is not recognised by the martial arts world and the officials, because if it is recognised, there will be a lot of young people fighting for the so-called ranking.
Both the martial arts community and the officials wanted a harmonious cultivation environment. Although this list was not recognised, many martial artists of the young generation highly respected this ranking.
Only Chen Ping did not know about the existence of this list, and even less did he know that because of this video of the killing of Guo Wei, many people had taken notice of him!
The Luo family in the north of the desert!
Luo Xiang, who was the youngest master of the Luo family, was sitting in the middle of the courtyard!
Although Luo Xiang was only twenty-seven years old, he had already reached the peak of Martial Sect strength and was now showing signs of breaking through to a half-step Martial Marquis.
This Luo Xiang was only ranked fifth on the Prosperity Ranking, so this showed how terrifying the strength of this number one ranking on the Prosperity Ranking was!
Long Xiao, who was regarded as the most gifted of the young generation in Kyoto, was only ranked tenth on the Free and Easy List!
As the capital of Grand Xia, Kyoto was naturally much better than other places in terms of environment and resources.
However, because of this superior environment, many young people have become arrogant, so many young people in the martial arts community in Kyoto are not diligent enough in their training!
On the contrary, in some places where the conditions were difficult, many people cultivated for more than ten years and grew in strength very quickly!