“Not bad, they are demonic cultivators, but demonic cultivators will also keep their word, as long as you are willing to co-operate, nothing will ever happen.”
Sikong Zhen said boldly!
“I pooh, old me will never follow a demonic cultivator and co-operate.”
Cai Hongwei spat, then once again struck out towards that Sikong Zhen!
Although Cai Hongwei was injured, this time he struck out with a thunderous momentum.
“Don’t think that just because I’m injured, I won’t be able to exterminate you little brat, I’m going to clean up your Sikong family.”
Cai Hongwei was filled with anger, followed by a stern aura that went straight towards Sikong Zhen!
Sikong Zhen retreated back and his body rolled three times on the ground before he managed to dodge Cai Hongwei’s strike!
“Protector Gong, if you don’t show up, I’m going to die ……”
Sikong Zhen roared with a face full of panic!
Accompanying Sikong Zhen’s roar, that Protector Gong walked out with his people, and beside Protector Gong was Elder Fei who was dressed in black robes!
Seeing the sudden appearance of the crowd, Cai Hongwei instinctively stepped back.
“Protector Gong, this Cai Hongwei is injured and is already a turtle in a jar, there is no need to be afraid of him.”
Sikong Zhen climbed up and walked over to Protector Gong and said!
“Sikong Zhen, you animal ……” Cai Qiannan roared with a red face in anger!
“Qiannan, as long as you guys are nice and obedient, Protector Gong won’t hurt you.”
Sikong Zhen said to Cai Qiannan full of complacency!
“I pooh……” Cai Qiannan spat fiercely!
“Boss Cai, we meet again ……” Gong Protector said with a cold smile on his face as he looked towards Cai Hongwei!
Cai Hongwei looked at Gong Guardian with a cautious face and said with a gloomy voice “You devil cultivators, how dare you openly show your faces, aren’t you afraid of being found out and directly annihilating you?”
“Hahaha, in this Chilian Mountain Range, I see who can wipe us out, now this area is my territory, if you want to pass through here, without leaving something behind, how is it possible ……”
When Protector Gong finished speaking, he then waved his hand, and the two demonic cultivators instantly attacked towards Cai Hongwei!
The breath in Cai Hongwei’s body was constantly surging, and it was difficult for the injured man to be in control of the breath in his body!
However, in the face of the attacking two demonic cultivators, Cai Hongwei still clenched his teeth and said, “Tiny demonic cultivator, also dare to show off in front of me ……”.
Said, Cai Hongwei void grasp, followed by a vibration in the void, in Cai Hongwei’s hand unexpectedly more than a crimson sword!
Immediately after the sword swept across the sky, the sword aura instantly shot out, directly half of the sky was illuminated as bright as day!
With this sword, the two demonic cultivators were directly killed on the spot, without the slightest bit of resistance!
Only, after this sword, Cai Hongwei’s face became even more unsightly, and blood once again gushed out in a mouthful!
“Dad ……,” Cai Qian Nan caredly stepped forward to support Cai Hong Wei!
“Xiao Nan, you quickly go, quickly leave here, do not stay ……”
Cai Hongwei said to Cai Qiannan!
“Dad, I’m not leaving ……” Cai Qiannan shook his head, tears in his eyes!
“You quickly go, while I can still help you resist.”
Cai Hongwei fiercely pushed Cai Qiannan!
“Go? What a beautiful thought, none of you will be able to escape.”
Sikong Zhen said with a fierce smile on his face!
“bast*rd, even if I die today, I will still behead you ……”
Cai Hongwei was furious and instantly invoked his entire body.
All of the breath was continuously infused into the crimson sword in Cai Hongwei’s hand!
The sword’s light grew brighter and brighter, and a terrifying aura spread out in all directions!
“This Cai Hongwei is really a living treasure, this sword in his hand is definitely not a mortal object, it seems that I really had the foresight.”
Gong Protector’s eyes were filled with greed, followed by a light wave of both palms, a mist directly surrounded Cai Hongwei’s father and daughter!