Chen Ping could also see what was in Song Tie’s mind, and with a faint smile, his opinion of Song Tie had changed quite a bit!
As they entered the forest, the light became dim, and the group of dozens of people walked inside in turn, with several experts from the Song family and several of Master Guo’s disciples walking on either side of the group to prevent any danger from happening!
At this moment, Feng Yi, who was already walking in front, had a sinister smile on his face as he said to the old man beside him, “Master Ma, is it time to cast a spell?”
The old man nodded, groped with his hand and grabbed a tree, then stiffly ripped a piece of bark off the top of that tree!
After squatting down, the old man casually grabbed a handful of leaves from the ground and recited the words under his breath, and suddenly the leaves in the old man’s hand caught fire.
The palm of the old man’s hand acted as if he was not afraid of fire, and then he put the piece of bark on top of the flame at the same time, and the bark followed suit and burst into flames.
The old man grabbed a handful of powder from inside his coat pocket and suddenly threw it towards the flames.
There was a bang!
The flames went out and a thick white smoke began to emit!
The old man then picked up a branch, bit his middle finger and dropped a drop of blood onto the branch, then the old man quickly drew something on the ground!
Soon, a tiger was drawn, only to see that the tiger was so alive that it looked like it was printed on!
“Roar …………”
With a roar, the painted tiger on the ground disappeared!
Immediately afterwards, a ferocious beast was drawn under the old man’s branch, and then disappeared one by one!
Feng Yi was stunned as he watched the scene before him, and everyone was too breathless to breathe!
“Hoo …………”
After the old man had drawn a dozen fierce beasts, he threw the branch away and let out a heavy breath.
“There, no more of their two families will be coming out of the forest!”
The old man stood up, his forehead already covered in sweat!
“Great, Master Ma please!”
Feng Yi was so happy that he almost didn’t jump up and down, and he treated that Master Ma with even more respect.
Soon after Feng Yi and the others had left, smoke filled the forest, as if a fog had suddenly fallen!
At first there was only fog under the feet of the people, and no one paid any attention to it, thinking that it was normal for the forest to be humid and a little foggy!
But soon the fog reached waist level and then immediately overhead. The fog was so thick that they couldn’t see each other from a distance of one metre apart!
At this moment, everyone panicked a little, and that Song Zuode’s face became extremely ugly.
“D*mn it, why is it suddenly fogging at this time of the day?” Song Zu De cursed with a frown!
“Chief Song, I think we people should be connected by ropes, with such a heavy fog, so as not to get lost!”
Master Guo also frowned in the face of this sudden fog!
“Good!” Song Zu De nodded and immediately ordered the men to connect everyone with ropes!
“Roar …………”
But at that moment, a sudden roar of a beast made everyone’s heart startle, and they all looked like enemies!
“What’s going on? When did this fierce beast come from this forest?”
A hunter who was leading the way spoke up in surprise!
They had been walking in the mountains for many years and had never come across a large beast, but hearing this roar, it clearly sounded like a tiger’s cry!
“Chen Ping …… Chen Ping ……”
Song Tie, who heard the roar, immediately panicked, but at this time, no one could be seen around, and she was terrified and instinctively shouted Chen Ping’s name!
At that moment, a large hand had been placed on Song Tie’s shoulder, causing Song Tie to scream in fear!
“Don’t be afraid!” Chen Ping’s voice rang out in Song Tie’s ears!
When Song Tie saw that it was Chen Ping, she was so frightened that she jumped headlong and hid in Chen Ping’s arms, shivering, obviously terrified!
Seeing this, Wu Dong at the side was so envious that his eyes were about to glaze over!