…………
The Dong family!
Dong Liqun had a sad face, he knew that the time had come for the Dong Family to live and die.
In the past, the Dong family and the Ning family were at loggerheads, and now that Ning Zhi had even become the vice alliance leader of the Martial Dao Alliance, he would definitely strike at their Dong family first.
Nowadays, almost all of the clans and families in the entire Kyoto martial arts world had become part of the Martial Alliance, so if Dong Liqun wanted to follow the Martial Alliance and fight against it, it would almost be like hitting a rock with an egg.
“Dad, our Dong family is also considered a famous family in Kyoto, even if that Ning Zhi becomes the deputy alliance leader of the Martial Alliance, would he still dare to make a move against us openly?”
“If he dares to make a move, we can go and find Mr. Shi to do it, the entire Kyoto martial arts world is not something that the Martial Alliance can decide on its own.”
Dong Jiahao saw his father’s sad face, so he persuaded.
“Ai ……” Dong Liqun sighed, “What do you know, if Mr. Shi wanted to take charge, he would have stepped in long ago, how could he let the Martial Arts Union expand so much… …”
“Then why doesn’t Mr. Shi care?” Dong Jiahao asked, puzzled.
“How would I know, the official attitude is something we can’t speculate on!”
Dong Liqun shook his head!
For a moment, Dong Jiahao also stopped talking, all fell into silence.
“Dad, why don’t we seek the Ge family’s help? Right now, in the Kyoto martial arts world, only the Ge family has not joined the Martial Alliance and dares to follow it and fight against it.”
Suddenly, Dong Jiahao turned to Dong Liqun and said.
“The Ge family has never been uncontested, and we have nothing to do with following the Ge family, so why should they help us?”
Dong Liqun frowned and said.
“Dad, I’ll go and look for that Ge Jiayi, I see she doesn’t have a bad heart, at that time in the City of Ultimate Bliss, she even stepped in to save me ……”
Dong Jiahao was still grateful for Ge Jiayi’s saving grace!
Dong Liqun pondered for a moment and nodded, “Good then, you bring more gifts to thank Miss Ge for saving his life, and secondly, to pry into the tone of the Ge family.”
“Good!” After hearing this, Dong Jiahao happily turned around and left.
…………
Kyoto, the Ge family!
The strength of the Ge family was considered one of the best in Kyoto, except that the Ge family had always been uncontested in the world and would never get into strife with anyone, even less would they join any alliances, a*sociations and the like, so the Ge family was not very well known in Kyoto!
As the most talented person of the younger generation, Ge Jiayi was famous at a young age, but because of Ge Jiayi’s seclusion, her fame had slowly faded away.
On this day, Ge Jiayi was sitting in the gazebo at home, gazing out to the east.
“This guy won’t really die just like that ……”
Ge Jiayi muttered to herself.
“Jiayi, ever since you came back from the trial, you have been distracted, what are you thinking about?”
At this moment, a middle-aged man, with a smile on his face, walked up to Ge Jiayi’s side.
This middle-aged man was Ge Jiayi’s father, Ge Fuhai.
Ge Jiayi hurriedly returned to her senses, turned her head to look at Ge Fuhai and said, “I’m not thinking about anything, I’m just bored in my room, so I came out to sit ……”
“It’s such a cold day, you’re sitting outside and lost in thought, are you thinking about men? At your age, it’s really time for you to have a boyfriend!”
Ge Fuhai said with a faint smile.
“Dad, what are you talking about? Who’s thinking about men? Ignore you ……”
Ge Jiayi gave Ge Fuhai a blank look and got up to leave, but she was pulled back by Ge Fuhai.
“Hahahaha, you are my daughter, what is in your mind, don’t I know?” Ge Fuhai laughed out loud, “That Chen Ping is indeed a genius, I also like him very much, only that his life was too short and he died early, he doesn’t have this blessing anymore!”
“Dad, who’s thinking of that Chen Ping? Don’t talk nonsense! I don’t even know him ……”
Ge Jiayi seemed to be a little weak-hearted and shook off Ge Fuhai, and was ready to flee, not wanting to follow Ge Fuhai and talk.