This time, everyone inside the room was dumbfounded, desperately looking around and finding that there was no loudspeaker or anything like that inside the room, but the voices were indeed Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong.
The one with the ugliest face at this point was Qin Xiaotian, if this was true, then he would have been a big ingrate, he had bought all these magic weapons!
Qin Xiaotian looked at Grandmaster He with a shocked face: “Grandmaster He, tell me honestly, is this eight trigrams plate a magic weapon or not?”
At this time, Master He has long been full of embarra*sment, his brow slightly frowned and said, “Boss Qin, this eight trigrams plate is not a magic weapon, I really can’t tell ……”
“Impossible, didn’t you also activate the formation in it? How is it possible that you can’t see it?”
Qin Xiaotian asked in disbelief.
The so-called activated formation was just a small spell I performed, I was not able to detect whether there was a magic formation inside this eight trigrams plate at all, as for whether that Master Yuan activated the magic formation or not, I couldn’t tell either, the difference in our strength was too great… …”
Seeing Grandmaster He say so, Qin Xiaotian’s entire body was dumbfounded.
“Mr. Chen, so you saw it a long time ago?”
Bai Xiushan asked with a shocked look on his face as he turned to Chen Ping.
“Didn’t I already say that the eight trigrams plate was just a rotten piece of wood, but no one believed ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
When everyone heard this from Chen Ping, they all blushed in shame, just now these people were mocking Chen Ping, but they didn’t expect that he was the real master!
“Kid, so just now you shaded me ……”
Qin Xiaotian had figured out at this point why Chen Ping had followed the call for the price even though he knew that the eight trigrams plate was rotten wood, in order to raise the price and get himself to pay a high price!
“Qin Xiaotian, Mr. Chen said long ago that it was a piece of rotten wood, it was you who didn’t believe it, how come the one who came to shade you, the one who shaded you was that Zou Zhaolong, if you have the ability to find him!” Bai Xiushan said to Qin Xiaotian.
“Humph, I’ll definitely find him to settle the score ……”
Qin Xiaotian snorted coldly, furious!
The room was quiet again, but it was obvious that the atmosphere had become very depressing, those so-called eye masters had all left in disgrace, even that Master He had no face to stay and left directly!
Bai Xiushan looked at Chen Ping, his heart excited and thrilled, Chen Ping’s strength far exceeded his imagination, in the future, the Bai family has such a person behind it, it will be a hundred years of blessing for the Bai family!
Some of them wanted to talk to Chen Ping, but when they remembered how they had just mocked him, they all had no face to speak up!
Qin Xiaotian, on the other hand, was furious at this time, one hand gently pressing on his waist, where there was a switch that, once pressed, would allow him to draw a soft sword from his waist.
When Zou Zhaolong returns later, if it is confirmed that everything is true, Qin Xiaotian will use this soft sword to chop him off directly, in front of many bigwigs in Kyoto, he has been tricked, how can he still be in Kyoto in the future?
At this moment, Qin Xiaotian’s body was trembling slightly, his anger was like a volcanic crater about to erupt, just waiting to find a vent!
Soon, the door of the room was pushed open and Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong happily walked in, but as soon as they entered the room, they noticed that the atmosphere in the room was a bit off and that the eye masters had all left.
Zou Zhaolong was only slightly stunned and didn’t think much of it, after all, everything had been sold, so he probably felt that it was useless for those eye masters to stay, so they all said goodbye!
“Boss Qin, how is the money ready? Bring that eight trigrams plate and let Master Yuan help you set up a feng shui formation!”
Zou Zhaolong said cheerfully to Qin Xiaotian.