Only to see Chen Ping throw the talisman in his hand towards the mid-air, instantly several flames flickered, followed by those talismans slowly falling in all directions!
Chen Ping’s mouth was chanting “One breaks the path of the Heavenly Pestilence, two breaks the door of the Earthly Pestilence, three breaks the path of the people, and four breaks the door of the ghosts.”
Immediately after that, Chen Ping waved his hands and a golden light was thrown out in all directions!
The burning talismans, like gophers, all burrowed into the ground!
Soon, calm was restored and the scene was the same as it was, as if nothing had happened!
Ji Yun watched from the side as Chen Ping set up the formation, and once again, his eyes turned red with envy!
He couldn’t figure out why Chen Ping was so strong and still didn’t all understand!
Could this be talent!
And just as Chen Ping was setting up the array, not far away on top of a huge rock, Li Xing was quietly watching!
“My lord, the Demon Emperor City has come out with people, there was a flash of light just now, I don’t know if they are coming out to collect corpses, or laying traps.”
“Should we report to King Li to decide?”
A great general wearing a general’s uniform, whispered to Li Xing and asked!
“No need, father is already asleep, don’t disturb him with this little matter, let’s go and take a look ……”
Li Xing said with a wave of his hand!
“Gongzi, King Li said that he won’t let you get close to that Demon Emperor City, if there’s any danger, it would be troublesome.”
That great general urged at Li Xing!
“What danger could there be? The Demon Imperial City has no Transition Realm experts left at all except for that Yihe, so what are we afraid of?”
“As long as it’s not Na’ih himself who comes out of the city, no one can do anything to me.”
Li Xing was full of confidence!
“My lord, I think it’s better to report to King Li.”
That general didn’t dare to take the responsibility, if something really happened to Li Xing, then he wouldn’t want to live!
“Rubbish, coward, it’s a shame you’re still a great general.”
“You’re a peak Harmonisation Realm strength, what are you afraid of.”
“If you don’t go, I’ll go myself ……”
Li Xing cursed with dissatisfaction and was about to head towards Demon Emperor City!
“Gongzi, you are too capricious ……”
Just as Li Xing was about to head towards Demon Emperor City, suddenly an old man wearing a white robe with an eight-character beard appeared!
Directly stopping Li Xing’s path, his face was filled with seriousness!
When Li Xing saw the visitor, he instantly became honest and smiled awkwardly, “Elder Qi, why aren’t you sleeping at night?”
“I was seeing that someone from Demon Emperor City had come out, and I was afraid that they would set up a trap, so I planned to go over and take a look!”
“Even if that Demon Imperial City comes out someone, you should report it first, don’t act without permission, you are the Prince of Ming Li Royal City, if you are caught by that Demon Imperial City, they will use you to threaten the King of Li.”
“In that case, King Knight would have a hard time ……” Elder Qi reprimanded at Knight Star!
Li Xing could only lower his head and didn’t dare to speak anymore, it was obvious that Li Xing was very afraid of this Elder Qi.
Seeing Li Xing that attitude, Elder Qi was very satisfied, then said “you go with me, with me, even if encountered that Ih, I can let you escape safely!”
“Good, let’s go and see ……”
Li Xing nodded happily!
“You go ahead and inspect, I’ll follow Gongzi to take a look ……”
Elder Qi said to the great general!
The great general nodded his head repeatedly and then left, this Elder Qi’s status, it seemed, was quite a bit higher than even this great general!
Elder Qi followed Li Xing towards the Demon Emperor City!
Chen Ping set up the formation, then checked it and found that it was not easily detectable, so he prepared to take Ji Yun back!
“Who …………”
But just as Chen Ping was about to tell Ji Yun to leave, Ji Yun suddenly shouted towards the jungle not far ahead!
Chen Ping’s heart was shaken, just now he only focused on setting up the formation and did not probe the surrounding situation, but he did not want someone to come close and he did not know it, fortunately, he had Ji Yun to protect him and was discovered!