“Senior Wind Demon?”
Chen Ping’s eyes widened roundly, and his mouth was suddenly open!
Chen Ping had seen that the middle-aged man was a bit odd from the beginning, when he was sitting steadily in front of the stall, not moving at all, leaving a deep impression on Chen Ping!
Could it be that this middle-aged man was a manifestation of the Wind Demon, or was it the residual soul of the Wind Demon that possessed this middle-aged man!
After all, when he escaped from the Devil Suppressing Tower, the Wind Demon was only a remnant soul, and rushing to the Celestial Realm to remake his physical body was very difficult!
If there was no way to remake his physical body, he could also choose one person and directly attach his residual soul to that person’s body!
Chen Ping felt that this Wind Demon should be just like that!
“I’m just saying that this thing, that old man Wind Demon has used it, but not necessarily that he gave it to you, so don’t think about it.”
Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, the Yin Demon hurriedly explained!
“No messy thoughts, that Wind Demon elder’s residual soul has also returned to the Celestial Realm, I just don’t know where it is now, and whether it has remodelled its physical body.”
Chen Ping said!
“Reinventing the physical body do you think it’s that easy?In the beginning, if I hadn’t arrived directly at this Undead Valley, if I wanted to remould my flesh, it would have been harder than climbing up to the sky!”
“You have to know that remoulding your physical body and living again is against the laws of heaven, not just anyone can remould it.”
The Yin Demon said with emotion!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he was even more convinced that the middle-aged man who sold him the clock should be the Wind Demon right, it must be this guy.
“It seems that the one who sold me the clock should be Senior Wind Demon, I really want to have the chance to meet him in.”
Chen Ping said with great emotion!
“I won’t talk to you anymore, I’m going to cultivate and recover as soon as possible!”
“Don’t forget to settle this place for me, no one must disturb it!”
After the Yin Demon followed Chen Ping’s explanation, he went back to the cave to cultivate!
Chen Ping leapt down from halfway down the mountainside, looking at the dead Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts, and then at the densely packed white bones of the undead, Chen Ping seemed to have thought of a way!
Only seeing Chen Ping’s fingertips jumping, a ray of light struck the white bones on the ground!
Many of the white bones began to shake, followed by a large number of white bones piling up, surprisingly slowly turning into a huge skeleton!
Chen Ping glanced at the skull and nodded in satisfaction before running towards the entrance of the Undead Valley!
The huge skeleton chased after Chen Ping.
Chen Ping chopped at the skeleton’s body with his sword, fire splashed everywhere, but he could not stop the skeleton at all!
Chen Ping was getting closer and closer, and Fire Phoenix and the girls had already seen Chen Ping’s figure!
All of them were shocked when they saw the huge skeleton made of white bones behind Chen Ping!
“What is this thing?”
Elder Zong said in shock!
“Master ……”
Fire Phoenix was about to rush in!
“No one comes in ……”
Chen Ping bellowed, stopping Fire Phoenix from rushing in, and then followed that skeleton in a battle before Fire Phoenix and the others!
Fire Phoenix could only watch anxiously!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had the decency to follow that huge skeleton for a dozen rounds of battle, and then chopped that beating skeleton to pieces with a sword!
Chen Ping pretended to pant heavily with exertion, then walked out from the Valley of the Undead!
“What’s going on here?”
Bai Shao asked to Chen Ping!
“The white bones in this Undead Valley, after time erosion, some of them have even developed spiritual awareness, and then attracted the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts to the Undead Valley, using the unique scent of the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts to cultivate.”
“That’s good, I’ve already completely decapitated that skeleton, I’m laying down a spell formation that will make it so that the baleful aura within the Undead Spirit Valley will never be able to reach this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast Valley.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and began to nervously lay down a spell formation!
He wanted to lay down a large formation so that no one could enter the Undead Spirit Valley, or else it would be troublesome if he disturbed the Yin Demon’s cultivation!
Seeing that it would take some time for Chen Ping to lay down the formation, Elder Zong said, “Mr Chen, you guys get busy first, I’m going to go look after the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, right now there’s only this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and the cubs left, so they have to be taken care of!”
“Good, you go ahead ……”
Chen Ping nodded!
Elder Zong left, while Chen Ping continued to set up the formation!