“Ah!”Lin Ke Dong let out a miserable scream, his body was like a kite with broken strings, he was once again knocked out and fell heavily on the ground, his blood spurting out furiously.
“You dare to …………” Seeing this, Lin Ruoya drew her sword and attacked towards Chen Ping!
No matter how rampant Lin Ke Dong was, but after all, he was the Grand Prince, and as she was the Grand Prince’s attendant, if Lin Ke Dong was in any danger, then she would definitely die without a burial place, and her family would also be implicated!
Facing Lin Ruoya’s attack, Xiao Yuanshan directly leapt up and led many Xiao Imperial Dynasty cultivators to surround Lin Ruoya!
Lin Ruoya was only at the eighth rank of the Mahayana Realm, and could not withstand the attacks of Xiao Yuanshan’s crowd, and was quickly subdued!
The brocade-robed man was dumbstruck, completely unable to believe the scene before him.
Lin Ke Dong was a strong person at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, but he was powerless in front of Chen Ping, it was simply unbelievable.
Just now, they had wanted to kill Chen Ping and get that 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, but now that they saw this scene, they had long since lost their thoughts!
“What are you guys still looking at? Come help me!”
Lin Ke Dong looked towards the brocade-robed man and roared, his heart filled with shame and anger.
However, the brocade-robed man was hesitant, and with fear in his heart for Chen Ping’s strength, no one dared to step forward easily.
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a lion, ready to tear apart the prey in front of him.
“It seems that you guys are nothing more than that.”Chen Ping said indifferently, a trace of disdain flashing in his eyes.
Lin Ke Dong gritted his teeth, his heart was furious, but there was nothing he could do, he knew that he had fallen into a desperate situation, the Chen Ping in front of him was simply not an existence that he could fight against.
He simply did not expect that Chen Ping, a second rank of the Mahayana realm, would have such strength, he himself was powerless to fight back in front of Chen Ping!
“Kid, do you know who I am?”
Lin Ke Dong asked as he stared angrily at Chen Ping!
“I don’t care who you are, since you have come to seek death, I will fulfil you.”
Chen Ping said and once again slapped his palm towards Lin Ke Dong!
In fact, Chen Ping had taken Lin Ke Dong as someone from the Ten Temples, Yun Li had said that Huo Qing from the Ten Temples had been sent to deal with him!
Moreover, Chen Ping had promised Yun Li to kill Huo Qing, so Chen Ping struck without mercy!
If Chen Ping had known that this Lin Ke Dong was Lin Ke Ting’s elder brother, he would not have said anything to lay such a heavy hand!
When Lin Ke Dong saw Chen Ping attacking again, he panicked and retreated in fear, but his speed was not as fast as Chen Ping’s!
Boom!
Chen Ping slapped his palm on Lin Kedong’s back, Lin Kedong fell to the ground in a dog shit, spitting blood in his mouth in a sorry state!
At that moment, Lin Ke Dong’s eyes were filled with fear!
“Let me send you on your way ……”
Chen Ping looked at the wretched Lin Ke Dong and was about to stomp on his head!
“Stop ……”
Right at this moment, a stream of light crossed, followed by Lin Ke Fan appearing in front of Chen Ping, accompanied by a palm launch, Chen Ping subconsciously took two steps backward!
“Big brother, are you alright?”
Lin Kefan helped Lin Ke Dong up!
Seeing that Lin Kefan had come and he had a helper, Lin Kedong immediately came to his senses!
“Fourth brother, get him, get him for me ……”
Lin Ke Dong gritted his teeth, his eyes rounded with an expression of wanting to eat someone!
Lin Kefan looked at Chen Ping and asked, “You are Chen Ping?”
“Not bad.”Chen Ping nodded, then looked at Lin Ke Dong and asked, “Are you here to seek death as well?”
Lin Kefan did not countenance Chen Ping’s disrespectful tone in the face of his words, but instead looked at Lin Ke Dong and said, “Big brother, Father has an order for you to return with me quickly.”
“I want to ……” Lin Ke Dong did not listen at all, he must get Chen Ping killed!
Chen Ping humiliated himself in public, how could Lin Ke Dong endure!
At this time, Lin Kefan took out his token and said with a serious face, “Father has an order for you to go back with me, if you won’t go, then don’t ever go back.”