Huo Yuan Ting was also surprised when he looked at Chen Ping’s True Fire Dharma Body!
“Dad, what kind of gong method is this brat, he doesn’t even fear the Supreme Fire!”
Huo Dong was a little confused when he saw Chen Ping’s body descending as if he were an immortal, unafraid of the Supreme Fire!
He knew that he was not afraid of the Supreme Flame because he had the Divine Flame Seal, but that Chen Ping had no treasures whatsoever and was not afraid of the Supreme Flame simply by using his Kung Fu, which was also too bullish!
Moreover, it seemed that the gong method that Chen Ping was performing was very unique and subtle!
“True Fire Dharma Technique, our Purple Flame Sect’s lost True Fire Dharma Technique, how could this guy possibly know it, how could he know the True Fire Dharma Technique?”
“Strange, too strange, why on earth?”
How could Huo Yuan Ting not understand how Chen Ping, a guy who had just come to the Purple Flame Sect not more than a few days ago, how could he know the True Fire Dharma Body?
“What is True Fire Dharma Body?”
Huo Dong asked!
“The True Fire Dharma Body was the mastery of the first Sect Master of the Violet Flame Sect, but then the first Sect Master suddenly disappeared, and the True Fire Dharma Body has been lost for a long time, but fortunately, there is a record of it in our hidden scriptures, only it’s incomplete, and no one has been able to practise it.”
“I don’t know where this brat learnt the True Fire Dharma Body from, could it be that the first Sect Master of our Purple Flame Sect is still alive?”
Huo Yuan Ting frowned, puzzled!
Once he heard that what Chen Ping had performed was actually the Violet Flame Sect’s mastery, Huo Dong was also all confused!
How could this Chen Ping know the Violet Flame Sect’s Jutsu!
However, seeing that the Supreme Fire could not cause any harm to Chen Ping, Huo Dong was holding the Divine Flame Seal with a murderous intent, and his entire body’s black aura began to fill the air!
Huo Dong used the Divine Flame Seal to resist Chen Ping’s Supreme Flame attack while using his own means to target Chen Ping!
Since Chen Ping was not afraid of the Supreme Flame, he would use other means!
As long as the Divine Flame Seal was in his hand, Chen Ping would not be able to cause much threat or harm to him!
A burst of ghostly cries rang out around Huo Dong, the entire Purple Flame Sect seemed to have become a hell on earth, these ghostly cries were as if they were coming out of hell, crying out for justice!
The sounds were very ear-piercing and penetrating, each sound made it seem as if one’s eardrums had been pierced!
Many people covered their ears, and goosebumps fell all over their bodies!
In this hot Purple Flame Sect, listening to the ghostly voices, all of them trembled as if they had fallen into an ice cave!
Along with a strange black gas rising in the void, the entire formation space was filled with black mist!
If there was no light curtain to block it, the black mist would have engulfed the entire Purple Flame Sect!
However, the light curtain could not block the sound, and a ghostly cry made many of the Purple Flame Sect disciples unable to withstand it, and blood actually flowed out of their ears!
What’s more, their sanity was a little off, as if they were dumb and scared!
“What kind of gong method is this, this sound alone actually makes people delirious?”
“This is the Ghost Face Sect’s Hell’s Voice, according to legend, this kind of gong method can only be performed by a cultivator of the Mahayana Realm, but this Huo Dong is only at the peak of the Transition Realm, how could he possibly perform it?”
The old Sect Master frowned slightly and said!
He had fought with the Ghost Face Sect the most and had often fought with the people of the Ghost Face Sect, so he knew the most about some of the Ghost Face Sect’s feats!
“Dad, this gong method looks very bluffing, but can you kill someone with your voice?”
Zhu Ling asked in great confusion!
“You don’t understand, this kind of sound is not a means to kill, but rather it affects one’s mind, as well as being used to disrupt judgement, in a moment that Huo Dong strikes, he will be taken by surprise.”
The old Sect Master said with some concern!
“What about this? How could this Huo Dong possibly perform a Mahayana Realm technique, he is not a Mahayana Realm ah?”
Zhu Ling said with some nervousness upon hearing this!
The old Sect Master stared dead on at the Divine Flame Seal in Huo Dong’s hand, and said in a slightly thoughtful manner, “If my guess is correct, it must be due to the Divine Flame Seal, this Huo Dong’s sudden return to the Purple Flame Sect, and also going to look for the Divine Flame Seal in such a hurry, he should be relying on the Divine Flame Seal’s opportunity to break through to the Mahayana Realm.”