“You’re from the Central Region, why did you come to the Western Region to hang out?”
Bao Longxing asked!
“The Western Domain is the place with the most apothecaries and the most apothecary clans for the entire Celestial Realm.”
“Moreover, the Western Region’s Yongle City, is where the Western Region Apothecary Association is located, and will also organise Apothecary Conferences, so I don’t have a mentor, so I can only secretly learn the art here.”
“Yongle City is also close to the sea, so I’m very familiar with this sea, and I’ve been on Pill God Island many times before!”
Feng Xing explained!
When Su Tianshuo heard this, he couldn’t help but nod his head, like Feng Xing, whose family wasn’t a pill refining family, it was indeed very difficult for him to become a pill master and learn the art of alchemy on his own!
One could only rely on self-study and stealing arts to be able to do so, whereas in Yongle City one could follow the many pill masters and exchange ideas, and could also grow the fastest!
“Just now you said that you could destroy those people behind you, what exactly is going on?”
Su Tianshuo asked!
“President Su doesn’t know, instead of going back to the Western Continent now, let’s turn around and head south, in about an hour or so, we’ll enter a stormy sea, that place regularly blows storms!”
“I heard that that storm originates from the giant beasts deep under the sea, there will be a fixed date every year for the storm to blow up, as long as we lead those people behind us to that stormy area, we’ll be able to use the storm to exterminate them and let them go to the bottom of the sea to feed the demonic beasts.”
Feng Xing said!
“Then wouldn’t we also encounter the storm and feed the demonic beasts just the same?”
Pao Longxing asked in disbelief!
“Family Master Pao can rest assured, I’m familiar with the path of the storm, I’ll dodge the storm before it comes.”
“Right now, this is the only path we can take, if we continue to the Western Continent, we probably won’t see the continent before they catch up with us.”
Feng Xing explained!
Pao Long Xing fell silent as he didn’t know whether to trust this Feng Xing or not!
As for Su Tianshuo, after thinking for a moment, he immediately said loudly, “Turn the rudder and march towards the south ……”
Su Tianshuo decided to believe this Feng Xing for once, after all, what he said was also true!
Other than this method, Su Tianshuo couldn’t think of a better way to save his life!
The Spirit Boat shifted its course, and under the urging of the spiritual power of the many pill masters, it hurriedly travelled towards the distance!
This way, they would be getting farther and farther away from the land!
Seeing Su Tianshuo and the others suddenly shift their course, Chen Ping and the rest of them were all somewhat baffled!
“What is this situation? Why did Su Tianshuo and the others change course, do they not want to return to the Western Region?”
Chen Wenliang said in a very puzzled manner!
“This guy, is it that he saw that we were close to catching up and knew that even if he escaped to the Western Region, we wouldn’t let him go, so that’s why he was planning to escape to somewhere else?”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“Where is he fleeing to? This direction seems to be towards the south, where there is a vast ocean, there is no land ah, I’m afraid there is not even an island right?”
Zhou Qian said with great puzzlement!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was frowning tightly, constantly looking out, because he also did not know, Su Tianshuo these guys in the end to do what.
“Perhaps, I know what they want to do!”
At this moment, Zhong Yi spoke up!
“Senior Zhong, you know?”Chen Ping looked towards Zhong Yi!
“They should be heading towards the Stormy Seas this, and on top of their spirit boats, there must be someone who has been mixing with them for years.”
Zhongxiao said!
“Stormy seas?”Everyone was stunned!
“After so many years, why haven’t I heard that there is such a sea?”
Zhen Yuandao asked!
“This stormy sea is not one that blows and explodes every day, but there is a time, the exact time, I’m not sure.”
“But I’ve heard others say that this storm is too scary to blow, and in that area, there are quite terrifying demonic beasts.”
“I think this Su Tianshuo must have lured us to that stormy sea, and then let us encounter the storm and all fall.”
“This guy, he’s too malicious ……”
Zhong Qi explained!