“Chen Ping, when you brats talk to me, did you give my father a spell? He seems a bit strange today.”
“You have to know that in Sun Moon City, my father is a man of his word, but today he is obedient to you and treats you so well!”
Walking out of the great hall, Lin Kefan asked Chen Ping with a puzzled expression!
“Yes, I also find it strange, father emperor likes me so much, but he has never let me sit on the dragon chair for a bit, you even sat on it today!”
Lin Keting also looked at Chen Ping with a puzzled gaze!
“Perhaps it is my unique charisma that has infected your father?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Don’t talk nonsense ……,” Lin Keting blanked Chen Ping!
“Where do I know why, you want to know, go ask your father ah, I think it should be the love of the house, right!”
Of course Chen Ping could not say that their father was under his own command!
“It’s possible, father loves his little sister the most!”Lin Kefan nodded!
“I was really scared to death just now, listening to my fourth brother, my Father Emperor is going to abolish you, I don’t want to follow a loser!”Lin Ke Ting remembered the beginning and still had palpitations!
“Don’t worry, I am fortunate!”Chen Ping laughed!
“Chen Ping, where are you going next? How about going to my mansion and staying with Xuan Bin and the others temporarily!”
Lin Kefan asked!
“Of course I’m going home!”Chen Ping said!
“Go home?”Lin Kefan was confused!
“Of course I’m going home, I’m your little sister’s man now, isn’t your little sister’s mansion my home?”
Chen Ping said as he put his arm around Lin Kefan’s shoulders!
“I won’t let you go to my residence, it’s not a good influence for a man and a woman to be in the same room together!”
Lin Keting said shyly!
“Alright then, I’ll go find another woman to be alone in a room ……”
Chen Ping laughed!
“You dare ……” Lin Keting glared at Chen Ping!
“Hahaha, my little sister is famously powerful, you’re in for a treat!”
Lin Kefan laughed!
“Fourth brother, what are you talking about? Who’s powerful, looking for a fight ……”
Lin Keting said and hammered towards Lin Kefan!
Lin Kefan, however, dodged and then ran away with a laugh!
After Lin Kefan had just run away, Daoist Wuji also walked out from within the great hall!
“Chen Ping, what are your next plans? Staying in Sun Moon City to cultivate, or do you plan to continue to venture outside?”
“If you stay in Sun Moon City, the Ten Temples will definitely not dare to find you in trouble!”
Daoist Wuji said!
“I can’t stay in Sun Moon City for long, I still have a lot of things I need to deal with.”
“As for that Ten Temples, I intend to destroy the Ten Temples, and after the Ten Temples are destroyed, the Demon Sealing Alliance will naturally fall apart!”
“Without the Demon Sealing Alliance, in the future, the demonic cultivators in the Celestial Realm will be able to live a normal life!”
“Many devil cultivators are not all bad people, they also have no choice.”
Chen Ping remembered the old woman in Boulder Village at this time!
If it wasn’t for that old woman, Chen Ping would probably be dead by now!
Upon hearing Chen Ping’s words, Lin Keting then said with an appreciative look on her face, “You are right, many devil cultivators also have no choice, they simply do not have the right to choose their origins.”
“That Demon Sealing Alliance is the worst of all, using eliminating demons and defending the Dao as an excuse, but capturing many demon cultivators to do unseemly deeds.”
“Master, his old man is compassionate, but he saved many devil cultivators from that Demon Sealing Alliance!”
“The Taoist Master saved many devil cultivators?”Chen Ping was surprised!
“Not bad, I hid all these devil cultivators, it’s just that lately, Sun Moon City has been lacking in resources, and there’s no way for these devil cultivators to be in the supply.”
“It’s also quite good to exterminate the Ten Temples and let the Demon Sealing Alliance fall apart, at that time, these demonic cultivators will be able to return to the Celestial Realm and live again.”
After Daoist Master Wuji finished speaking, he waved his hand towards Chen Ping and said, “Follow me ……”
Chen Ping followed Daoist Master Wuji and also Lin Keting as they left the palace and headed towards a large mountain!