Listening to Chen Ping’s words, Patriarch Jiang hesitated a little, while at this moment Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian hurriedly spoke “Master, just listen to Mr Cheng, maybe it can really work, if you wear it out now, I’m afraid you really don’t have a chance!”
“Alright then, let’s try ……”
Patriarch Jiang nodded and said!
Since it was death either way, let’s beat a dead horse!
Chen Ping saw that Patriarch Jiang had agreed, so he stepped forward and rested on Patriarch Jiang’s wrist, an aura instantly entered Patriarch Jiang’s body and then began to quickly turn round in Patriarch Jiang’s body!
“The five viscera and six bowels have decayed, and there is a thick deathly aura in the body, what’s even harder is that the soul has also shown signs of dissipation.”
Chen Ping frowned and said indifferently!
“Mr Cheng, our Soul Demon Sect has pills to enhance the soul, so you don’t need to worry about this aspect of the soul, we have a way to protect Master’s soul from dissipating.”
“Please also ask Mr Cheng not to let Master’s body decay any further and his longevity not to disappear ……”
Jiang Yulian said to Chen Ping!
“Good then, Miss Jiang please also go and get the pills, there is no time to lose, I will let Patriarch Jiang’s realm breakthrough now.”
Chen Ping said to Jiang Yulian!
Jiang Yulian nodded and quickly went to get the pills, while Chen Ping took the pills that he had refined in the past two days and had Patriarch Jiang take them!
After Patriarch Jiang took the pills, an aura began to surge within his body, and the bottleneck of the realm looked to be about to break through!
However, this was also the most dangerous time, the moment the bottleneck broke through, there would definitely be a thunderbolt!
As far as Patriarch Jiang’s current physical condition was concerned, he was afraid that the first thunderbolt would leave him in ashes!
Jiang Yulian also brought pills to protect his soul from being dissipated, allowing Patriarch Jiang to take them!
“Mr Cheng, can Master block the lightning tribulation in this condition? You should know that there is no way for the lightning tribulation to be directly replaced by others, if it can be replaced by others, dozens of our disciples from the Soul Demon Sect would be willing to block the tribulation for Master.”
Zheng Jian asked Chen Ping in puzzlement!
He did not understand, what method did Chen Ping use that could allow his master, in such a weak condition, to pass through that terrifying thunder tribulation?
“This method of mine is not one hundred per cent, but there is always a chance!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and looked at Patriarch Jiang with a grave expression, “Patriarch Jiang, how long will it take to break through the realm?”
“Anytime, I’m just trying my best to control it right now, otherwise the lightning tribulation will blast down anytime.”
Patriarch Jiang was also panicking inside at the moment, although his lifespan had ended, but no one wanted to die ah!
If there was a chance to live, they would all grab it tightly!
“Patriarch Jiang, break through, it’s a blessing not a curse, it’s a curse that can’t be avoided ……”
Chen Ping said, then grabbed Patriarch Jiang with one hand, and a divine dragon power surged into Patriarch Jiang’s body!
“This …… this power …………”
Patriarch Jiang’s eyes widened violently as he looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
He felt that it had become too peculiar here, so much so that Patriarch Jiang’s voice trembled down!
“Patriarch Jiang, this power of mine may be able to help you, but it will only be possible if you rely on your own intention, on your own conviction to live.”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Jiang!
“I understand ……”
Patriarch Jiang nodded vigorously!
At this moment, Patriarch Jiang’s eyes were filled with hope, and he also looked instantly refreshed!
Regarding the change in their Master, Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian were very curious as to what kind of power Chen Ping had used on their Master!
As Chen Ping injected the power of the Divine Dragon into Patriarch Jiang’s body, he at the same time used his Divine Sense to look at the little Heaven Swallowing Beast in his storage ring, and this little fellow was soundly sleeping sweetly.
Chen Ping knew that his divine dragon power could not completely help Patriarch Jiang to block the thunderbolt, Patriarch Jiang needed to use his own body to resist it after all!