If it was outside, Chen Ping was not afraid, after all, he already possessed the Lightning Origin, just this bit of lightning, he could completely absorb and refine it!
However, right now, apart from exercising the physical strength of his body, he was unable to exercise any Kung Fu power.
As she watched the thunder beast continue to approach, Lin Ke Ting stretched out her palm and continuously waved it towards that thunder beast!
She wanted to rely on the runes in her palm to repel the thunder beast, but after several attempts, Lin Keting’s palm runes did not move at all.
Seeing the thunder beast getting closer and closer, Lin Keting’s tears were coming out.
“Master, you’re a pitiful person, how could this happen ah ……”
Lin Keting cried out.
Chen Ping looked at Lin Keting who cried out, at this moment, he finally understood that after this Lin Keting had entered the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, she had always acted calmly, as if she had a good plan.
It turns out that she had already let someone pave the way, it seems that this Lin Ke Ting’s master, must have entered this Divine Demon Battlefield, and told Lin Ke Ting everything, all Lin Ke Ting will be so calm.
Right now, the appearance of the Thunder Beast was clearly unexpected by Lin Keting!
Chen Ping tried to emit his own Dragon Race aura, hoping that this aura would be able to frighten that Thunder Beast and make it stop!
But just as Chen Ping was about to emit his own dragon race aura, suddenly two white lights flashed from his storage ring!
Then the little Fire Qilin and the little Heaven Swallowing Beast appeared in front of Chen Ping and Lin Keting!
The two little fellows were very small, and in front of that huge thunder beast, they were like two little pugs!
However, these two fellows did not have the slightest fear and opened their mouths to roar!
The roar of the little Fire Qilin and the little Heaven Swallowing Beast directly scared that Thunder Beast to the point that it retreated back and forth!
In the end, due to panic, it even fell headfirst to the ground!
The thunderbolt spreading around his body also instantly disappeared, and the Thunder Beast was lying on the ground, looking at the Fire Qilin and Heaven Swallowing Beast in fear, not moving!
The little Fire Qilin and the little Heaven Swallowing Beast walked to the Thunder Beast with a six-parent pace.
Snapping …………
The two little fellows, the Little Fire Qilin and the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast, directly jumped onto the Thunder Beast’s head, followed by a few slaps!
The thunder beast didn’t dare to move even a single time after hitting it!
Lin Ke Ting was at the side, looking confused!
She didn’t know, where did these two little guys come from, and why were they so awesome?
Chen Ping looked at the two little guys and was also speechless for a while.
It looked like these two guys, in their own storage ring, had mixed quite well.
Especially that little Heaven Swallowing Beast, this guy who slept all day, didn’t expect to follow out today!
After slapping that Thunder Beast a few times, the two little guys walked back with a six-parent pace!
And they even wiggled their bums in front of Chen Ping as if they were showing off!
Immediately after that the two little guys reentered the storage ring!
“F*ck ……”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he seemed to be despised by these two little guys whose hairs had not even grown!
Lin Keting watched the two little guys enter Chen Ping’s storage ring, and also finally understood why that White Feathered Wu was afraid of Chen Ping.
It turned out that Chen Ping still had these two awesome little pets on him!
Lin Ke Ting did not know what the Little Fire Qilin and the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast were, and directly took them as Chen Ping’s pets!
“Fellow Daoist, I was reckless just now, forgive me, forgive me ……”
That Thunder Beast got up and continuously bowed towards Chen Ping.
Lin Keting did not know that Fire Qilin and Heaven Swallowing Beast, but the Thunder Beast did!
The person who was able to raise these two types of spirit beasts, if he was given ten thousand guts, he wouldn’t dare to offend them.
“No harm done!”Chen Ping casually waved his hand in a carefree manner, he had just been scared half to death as well.
“Are you transmitting a calamity? Inducing the robberies to come down?”
Chen Ping asked to the Thunder Beast.