And those people, Kazuo Watanabe, seeing the golden dragon that came whistling, each one of them had long been scared silly!
They had never imagined that just an ordinary swing of a sword could have such a divine means!
Was this still a human being?
It was simply as good as a god.
Chishikawa held his katana in his hand, ignoring those of the Watanabe clan at all, his body sank, the katana in his hand emitting light, then raised it above his head and slashed down with a fierce slash.
The dazzling blade instantly shot out like a bolt of lightning striking down in the sky, instantly cutting down on the golden dragon!
This slash gathered all the strength of Qiandao Chuan, he didn’t dare to be the slightest bit lax!
“Rumble …………”
Sword Qi and blade clashed together once again!
Only this time, Chen Ping did not just take a casual swing, but added the power of the divine Dragon to the blade of the Dragon Cutting Sword!
With a burst of sound, the scattered powerful qi once again made the scene bloody!
Chen Ping was standing still with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, while that Qiandao Chuan was also motionless!
Chishimakawa’s hand was still clutching his katana in a death grip!
“Master Chishima, Master Chishima ……”
Watanabe Fumihishi gently called out to Chishikawa twice, but unfortunately Chishikawa stood motionless as if he hadn’t heard him!
When Watanabe Fumihishi stood in front of Chishimagawa and tried to check something out, he found that Chishimagawa’s eyes were round and his eyeballs were not moving.
On looking down, one could see a thin red line on Chishimagawa’s neck that was starting to expand!
“Ah …………”
Watanabe Fumiishi shrieked in terror!
It was Watanabe Fumikishi’s shriek that caused an instant fluctuation in space!
And that Chishikawa’s head suddenly fell off his body and rolled down in front of Watanabe Kazuo!
It was only at this point that Chishimagawa’s body straightened out and went down!
Watanabe Kazuo looked at the head of Chishimagawa at his feet and his whole body was confused!
In their hearts, Chishimagawa was an invincible master of the sword!
Now he had been killed by Chen Ping with a single sword, and even his head had been cut off.
Looking at the corpse of Qiandao Chuan, those from the Watanabe clan still hadn’t reacted!
They were all dumbfounded, unable to believe what was happening in front of them!
“How is this …… possible?”
Watanabe Kazuo muttered.
No one answered him, because all these Watanabe family members were in a dumbfounded state at the moment!
It was only after a good half a day that these people from the Watanabe clan truly reacted!
When they were looking at Chen Ping’s eyes, they were all filled with endless fear!
Chen Ping was so terrifying, so terrifying that they didn’t even know how to describe it!
Many of the Watanabe family’s sidekicks, however, looked angrily at Watanabe Fumikishi, their eyes full of reproach!
If Watanabe Fumikishi hadn’t provoked Chen Ping, how would Chen Ping have come to the island to find trouble with their Watanabe family?
But now, no matter how much reproach there was, it was already too late!
At this moment, Watanabe Fumio looked at Chishima Chuan, who had been killed with a single sword, and became even more impressed with Chen Ping.
He kept kneeling at Chen Ping’s feet, not even daring to raise his head!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopping Sword and walked step by step towards those of the Watanabe clan!
Seeing Chen Ping walking over with a murderous aura, those from the Watanabe clan all turned pale with fear!
“Watanabe Fumikishi, you are the one who brought about the destruction of my Watanabe clan, you caused all of this, and you must be held responsible.”
“You go and kneel down and apologize to Mr. Chen right now, then use your life to atone for your sins ……”
Seeing this, Watanabe Kazuo could only push Watanabe Fumikishi out of the way.
After all, Chen Ping’s target for revenge was that Watanabe Fumikishi, and as long as Watanabe Fumikishi died, they might still have a way out!
“Yes, it’s all your fault, you’ll have to bear the burden yourself.”
“Don’t you drag us into this, we don’t have you in the Watanabe family.”
With Watanabe Kazuo falling on his sword, everyone else blamed Watanabe Fumikishi too!
This messed up Watanabe Fumikishi’s face with surprise!