“You …………”
Sheng Jiahui’s face was furious, except that Sheng Tiantai was his second uncle, so Sheng Jiahui couldn’t do anything about it!
“You animal ……”
Sheng Jiahui is not good to make a move, but Long Bo is not afraid, as the Sheng family’s big housekeeper, taking care of the head of the family for several times now, he is not afraid of a Sheng Tiantai at all, and he directly gave Sheng Tiantai a slap on the face!
“I will let you speak yourself personally.”
Chen Ping finished and looked at Sheng Jiahui, “Miss Sheng, first lock up your second uncle, then sit back and set up, I don’t think it will take long for the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance to arrive.”
Since Sheng Tiantai had sent someone to invite the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance, Chen Ping knew that the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance would definitely come!
Chen Ping had originally planned to stay for one night and then leave, but now if the Demon Sealing Alliance’s came to deal with the Sheng family, he was afraid that the Sheng family would not be able to resist!
“Alright, I’ll go and set up!”
Sheng Jiahui sent someone to lock up Sheng Tiantai, and then began to set up formations around the Sheng family again!
…………
Ye City.
In the Ye Family Hall, Ye Liancheng was talking about something after Elder Chu!
“Family Master, the Sheng Family of Fancheng sent someone ……”
An underling walked in and said to Ye Liancheng!
When Ye Liancheng heard this, he immediately smiled “Let him come in, it seems that the matter has come to fruition ……”
“What happened?”
Elder Chu asked suspiciously!
He still didn’t know that Ye Liancheng followed Sheng Tiantai’s co-operation!
“Elder Chu, I said long ago that the Sheng Family would definitely take the initiative to join our Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Isn’t this just taking the initiative to send it to the door, in fact, I have long been in contact with Sheng Tiantai of that Sheng Family.”
“Sheng Tiantai is also willing to bring the Sheng Family and join our Demon Sealing Alliance, and now that he sent someone so late, he should have already succeeded.”
Ye Liancheng laughed proudly!
Just as Ye Liancheng followed Elder Chu’s explanation, that Sheng Tiantai’s beloved had also walked in with his storage bag long ago!
“Ye family master, our family’s second master sent me to hand this over to Ye family master, in addition, I also hope that Ye family master can send someone to the Sheng family to help the second master control the entire Sheng family.”
The visitor said as he handed the storage bag to Ye Liancheng!
Ye Liancheng didn’t say anything, but opened the storage bag, only to see that inside was the Sheng Family’s token, and a few Sheng Family Hair Art Secrets!
Most notably there was a diagram which was drawn on the Sheng Family’s secret place!
Sheng Bushi and Sheng Jiaoyue were locked up in this secret place!
Originally, this secret place was meant to be used as a hiding place when the Sheng family suffered a catastrophe!
And the people who knew about this place were very few and far between, it belonged to the Sheng family’s most confidential things!
Now this Sheng Tiantai even took the initiative to hand over to Ye Liancheng as well!
“Hahaha, it seems that this Sheng Tiantai is indeed trustworthy enough.”
Looking at the item in his hand, Ye Liancheng laughed out loud in triumph!
After laughing, Ye Liancheng waved his hand and said “Grand Elder, you take a group of Ye Family brothers and follow them to the Sheng Family.”
“If there are any obstinate people in the Sheng Family who don’t join the Demon Sealing Alliance, directly kill them on sight ……”
“Obey …… orders,” the Ye Family’s Grand Elder nodded, then led the men to follow Sheng Tiantai’s beloved to the Sheng Family!
Regarding the strength of the Sheng Family, Ye Liancheng was relieved when he sent the Grand Elder, after all, the Sheng Family was only more knowledgeable about Artistic Talismans, they were still lacking in terms of realm strength!
This was also why there were very few sects and families in the Celestial Realm that practiced arts and talismans!
It was too much of an impact on the speed of cultivation and realm advancement, after all, a person’s energy was limited, and practising artistry talismans would reduce the time spent on realm cultivation.
An all-round talent like Chen Ping was really few and far between, not to mention in the Celestial Realm, even in the entire universe, there were very few genius-types that followed Chen Ping!
After the Grand Elder and the others left, Ye Liancheng held the map in his hand and said with a smile on his face “Elder Chu, now I will take you to meet that Sheng family head, now he is a prisoner ……”