The black dark clouds slowly turned into a net that began to envelop them towards Chen Ping!
“Retreat, you guys quickly retreat ……”
Seeing this, Ouyang Xing hurriedly turned to Chen Wenliang and the others .Yelling!
It was obvious that this Zhentian Dharma Sect’s people had already laid down a large formation to trap everyone, and now Chen Wenliang and the others would be too foolish if they were to enter the formation!
However, Chen Wenliang and the others simply didn’t listen and piloted their spirit boats to also rush under the large net interwoven by the dark clouds!
“President Su, these fools, they even threw themselves into the net, this time we can reap the benefits!”
When Pao Longxing saw Chen Wenliang and these people, all of them recklessly rushed under the big net, he immediately said happily.
Su Tianshuo was also a bit surprised, he didn’t expect Chen Wenliang and these people, who were not afraid of life and death, to directly rush in!
“If nothing unexpected happens, it seems that we won’t be needed to do anything!”
Su Tianshuo stood at the bow of the boat, his face full of cold smiles!
He led a group of pill masters and did not rush under that large net along with Chen Wenliang, but instead watched from afar!
He had followed them over and was also waiting to see what would happen, and would not get involved!
“Chen Ping, are you alright ……”
Ruyan Liu rushed to Chen Ping’s side and asked with concern!
“I’m fine, the District Zhentian Dharma Sect is just that, I haven’t put them in my eyes yet.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Ouyang Xing couldn’t help but sigh when he heard Chen Ping say so!
He thought that Chen Ping was just bragging, a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, not putting the Sky-Shattering Dharma Sect in his eyes, wasn’t that a joke!
“President Chen, why did you guys rush in, now we are all going to be trapped in this big formation, I’m afraid that no one will be able to rush out.”
Ouyang Xing looked at Chen Wenliang and said with chagrin!
“Island Master Ouyang, you can fend off this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect on your own for the sake of the rest of us, we can’t see us die to save you either.”
“As long as we work together, we are not necessarily not a match for this Heaven-Shattering Dharma Sect!”
Chen Wenliang said!
“Right, as long as we work together, we don’t need to be afraid of that Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect!”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“But that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect has colluded with the Apothecary Guild, we just don’t know with whom.”
Ouyang Xing didn’t know who exactly the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect colluded with!
“Following the Northern Region Apothecary Guild, can’t you see that those people from Su Tianshuo, didn’t follow them at all.”
Chen Wenliang looked towards Su Tianshuo and the others who were hiding in the distance!
At this moment, all the Pill Masters looked towards the spirit boat that Su Tianshuo and the others were in, and now they also finally understood that Su Tianshuo had actually colluded with the Sky-Shattering Dharma Sect!
“Su Tianshuo?”Ouyang Xing frowned, “It turns out that this guy has long been colluding with the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, wanting to take over Pill God Island, no wonder when I approached him to talk about hosting a Pill Masters’ Conference on Pill God Island, he agreed with his mouth full!”
“So there was a premeditation long ago, this guy is simply too bad ……”
“Su Tianshuo really isn’t a human being, telling us that he only agreed to hold the Pill Masters’ Conference on Pill God Island because Pill God Island was too strong and forced him to have no choice.”Zhong Yi said through clenched teeth!
Many pill masters were cursing Su Tianshuo at this moment, but Su Tianshuo simply couldn’t hear anymore!
This was because the huge black net had already enveloped everyone in it!
The cloudless, clear sky had directly turned into night at this moment, and one couldn’t reach out and see anything!
Underneath this black net, an inexplicable fear spread in the hearts of everyone!
And there was also an extremely violent sense of oppression that made people feel suffocated!
“Let’s all work together, together we will break this big formation he ……”
Chen Wenliang commanded the crowd, wanting to work together to break this grand formation!
After all, with so many of them, if they combined their efforts in one strike, the power would also be absolutely enormous!
“Okay, let’s try ……”
Ouyang Xing nodded!