Looking at Chen Ping’s surprised look, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder knew what Chen Ping was surprised about, so he smiled faintly and said “Mr Chen, I always change my breath and control my cultivation when I walk outside, if I don’t, it’s very easy to expose my identity.”
“My breath can change in a thousand ways, but each breath strength is much lower, only the strength of my native breath is much higher.”
“This is the Heavenly Demon Mountain, so I don’t need to be hiding my breath, and my strength has naturally increased ……”
After hearing the explanation of the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder, Chen Ping then understood, he thought that in this short period of time, the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder had risen several realms in a row!
“Ghost Old Man, are you also here in this Xuan Yin Sect, to discuss about the agreement?”
Jin Dong asked the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder!
“Yes, several of the Heavenly Demon Mountain’s demonic clans have come, how can I be missing ……”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder said with a faint smile!
“Then Ghost Elder go in quickly, my master has already gone in.” Jin Dong said!
“Why don’t you guys go in?”
Demon Mountain Ghost Elder asked!
“The Xuan Yin Sect has rules, since Mr Chen and the others are not Demons, there is no way for us to bring them in, our Master asked us to accompany Mr Chen around, after all, when we arrive at the Heavenly Demon Mountain, we have to do our duty as landlords.”
Jin Dong explained!
When Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man heard this, he immediately frowned and said “Damn, old man Kong has grown in skill, I’ll go and see what’s going on, I don’t care what kind of sh*tty rules are in place, Mr Chen must go in!”
Looking at the devil mountain ghost old man that way, like he was going to find that Xuan Yin Sect Patriarch to go and fight!
“Ghost old man, it’s fine for me to wander around outside, as long as the Divine Demon Battlefield is open and I can go in.”
Chen Ping hurriedly persuaded!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, no one else can enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, you can definitely get in, if that old man Kong dares to beep, I’ll make his Xuan Yin Sect never have any peace.”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder patted his chest and assured!
> “Then thank you, Ghost Elder ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
After following the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder to bid farewell, Chen Ping and the others wandered around the Xuan Yin Sect!
Soon, Chen Ping found a house in front of a house that was bustling with the sound of people, so many people were bustling about!
“Mr Chen, that is the Xuan Yin Sect’s Treasure Gathering Pavilion, inside there are quite a few treasures of the Xuan Yin Sect’s Patriarchs, and all of these things can be sold or exchanged.”
“If you’re interested, I’ll take you over to take a look ……”
Jin Dong said!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded!
Chen Ping was somewhat interested in the treasures of the devil cultivators!
When Chen Ping walked into that Treasure Gathering Pavilion, he realised that the space inside this Treasure Gathering Pavilion was extremely large, it should have used a space technique or something like that, on the outside it looked like the house wasn’t that big, but when they walked inside it was huge!
The room was filled with all sorts of weapons, immortal herbs, and all sorts of exotic treasures!
“There are too many treasures in here, right?”
Ji Yun couldn’t help but sigh when he saw so many treasures!
Chen Ping looked around with his eyes, just faintly swept a glance and said with slight disappointment “Let’s go, there’s nothing good here ……”
“Mr Chen, there are so many treasures here, so there will be no good things?”
Jin Dong’s face was full of puzzlement!
Chen Ping, however, smiled without saying anything and walked out!
Originally, Chen Ping thought that this Xuan Yin Sect Patriarch would really take out his treasures and sell or exchange them, but when he walked into the Treasure Gathering Pavilion he realised that a lot of these so-called treasures were fakes, and some of the real ones were also flawed!
It seemed that the major demonic sects of this Heavenly Demon Mountain were not very proficient in the identification of treasures, which was why the Xuan Yin Sect was allowed to do this kind of deceitful business!
However, Chen Ping did not explicitly say that he followed the Xuan Yin Sect without any grievances, so he did not need to smash their rice bowls!
He just didn’t buy it!