The fat-headed man was so confused that he could only slowly walk over to him!
“And don’t you f*cking kneel down and apologize to Mr. Chen …………”
Liao Fei Xiong kicked the man fiercely!
Poof!
The fat-headed man instantly knelt down in front of Chen Ping!
“Alright, no need to come with me on this, I won’t touch you until you help bring his master here, unless you don’t have the eyes to provoke me …………”
Chen Ping knew that Liao Fei Xiong was just putting on a show in front of him to give him face!
Chen Ping injured Feng Sihai, this revenge is considered to follow the Red Dragon Gang, there is no way this Liao Feixiong will sincerely respect himself!
Chen Ping said, got up and left, Liao Fei Xiong looked at Chen Ping’s back, his eyes flashed with a cold aura!
“Brother Xiong ………… Xiong, this man is ………… ”
Watching Chen Ping leave, the fat-headed man stood up and asked after Liao Fei Xiong with a face full of incomprehension.
Slap ……
Liao Fei Xiong a fierce slap on that fat-headed man’s face!
“I tell you, from now on, when you see him, hide away from me, our gang leader was injured by him, if you can live today, just burn incense ……”
After Liao Fei Xiong finished speaking, he also led his men away!
Finally, only the fat-headed man was left, standing in place with a frightened face!
…………
In the small area, Wang Han Han was anxiously waiting for Chen Ping at the door, after Wu Yi Fan had sent Wang Han Han back and left!
“Han Han, if you don’t go home, who else are you waiting for?”
Wang Changfeng saw that Wang Hanhan had returned and surprisingly, she didn’t go home yet, so she asked.
“Mom, you should go home first, I’m waiting for Brother Chen Ping!”
Wang Han Han said with a bit of anxiety on her face!
“What happened to Chen Ping? Didn’t you guys come back together?”
Seeing Wang Han Han’s anxious look, Wang Changfeng hurriedly asked.
“He …………” Wang Han Han froze, not knowing how to explain after her mother!
“Han Han, where is Chen Ping? Didn’t come back with you?”
At this time, Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo also came over!
Seeing Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo, Wang Han Han was afraid that the two would be worried, so she hurriedly said, “Brother Chen Ping has some business, he might be back later!”
“This kid, he doesn’t know what he’s busy with, it’s after work, how can he have so much to do!”
Tang Hongying muttered!
“Auntie Chen, you guys should go back first, I’ll just wait here for Brother Chen Ping!”
Wang Han Han wanted Tang Hongying to follow Chen Baoguo, after all, it was uncertain when and if Chen Ping would come back!
“I wanted to give you guys a surprise, Chen Ping the boy is still not coming back so late ……”
Tang Hongying said with a sigh.
“Surprise?” Wang Han Han was stunned!
Seeing this, Wang Changfeng hurriedly explained, “Your Uncle Chen saw that you and your brother Chen Ping were both at work and it was inconvenient to take the bus back and forth, so he bought a car for you to drive on your way to work, originally wanting to surprise your brother Chen Ping, but it turned out that he hadn’t come back yet ……”
“He Wang aunt, this car also has your money ah, is considered our two families to buy for the two children ……”
Tang Hongying said in a hurry!
“Forget it, I just added a few thousand yuan, the rest of the money is not you guys pay!”
Wang Changfeng laughed!
“This is for two people to take the car, when their work is stable, let them buy it themselves, we are all old, we can only help here!”
Chen Baoguo also spoke up at this time.
“No, in the future, it’s still up to the two of them to live!” Wang Changfeng nodded his head!
Listening to a few people chatting, Wang Han Han’s face instantly turned red, feeling that the elders of these two families had long recognized her and Chen Ping’s affair.
Wang Han Han didn’t have anything against it in her heart, after following Chen Ping for this period of time, she also found herself slowly falling in love with Chen Ping!