“Whether you are an evil cultivator or not, you are going to die ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and said.
“Is that so? Then let’s try ……”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, the black-golden colour on his entire body began to surge, and then his immense fist, like a meteor, ruthlessly came towards Chen Ping.
When Chen Ping saw this, he did not dare to be the least bit careless, his body emitting a dazzling golden light, he directly met it.
The two collided instantly, and the terrifying aura began to spread so fast that a hundred-metre radius was already empty!
With this punch, Chen Ping mobilised all of his divine dragon’s power, and the golden dragon hovered around Chen Ping’s arm.
After a fist was swung, it was a dragon roar that rang out.
Ning Zhi’s divine will was shaken by the dragon’s roar and there was a moment of doubt while Chen Ping smashed his fist fiercely on top of Ning Zhi’s fist.
Ka-ching …………
Ning Zhi’s arm instantly bent down and his bones snapped.
This time, Ning Zhi’s figure took several steps backwards and his face became somewhat ugly.
That black shadow was merely a wisp of divine consciousness, not the original body, so there was no way that the black shadow within Ning Zhi could withstand such a consumption.
As the aura on Ning Zhi’s body wilted, Ning Zhi’s divine sense instantly took back his body.
Looking at his broken arm, Ning Zhi’s forehead was covered in cold sweat from the pain!
In just this instant, Chen Ping sensed that the aura on Ning Zhi’s body had changed once again.
Ning Zhi’s eyes looked at Chen Ping and began to have fear in them, as if he was a different person again.
“Hmph, no matter what tricks you play, you must die ……”
Chen Ping said it, and his body leapt up.
This time, Ning Zhi was terrified, and with a hasty roar, a stream of black qi began to float around his body.
These black qi instantly formed a wall around Ning Zhi’s body, helping Ning Zhi to defend himself against Chen Ping’s attack!
Ning Zhi himself turned around and ran backwards, he had to escape as quickly as possible to do so.
Otherwise, he would really die under Chen Ping’s hand.
But Chen Ping’s punch, when it struck the barrier in front of Ning Zhi, was like hitting a thin piece of gla*s, shattering that barrier in an instant.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s fist struck hard on top of Ning Zhi’s body, and Ning Zhi’s body was sent flying with a heavy blow.
This punch almost shattered the bones of Ning Zhi’s entire body.
Ning Zhi hissed, and while he was still in mid-air, he violently threw out the Qiankun Circle, and a black hole in space-time instantly appeared in mid-air!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that Ning Zhi was going to flee, and his body flickered away, chasing towards that Ning Zhi.
Soon, Ning Zhi’s body pa*sed through the black hole, and just as the black hole contracted, Chen Ping grabbed the Qiankun Circle!
He did not go after Ning Zhi, the purpose of Chen Ping’s visit was the Qiankun Circle in Ning Zhi’s hand.
Chen Ping grabbed the Qiankun Circle with a deadly grip while it was shrinking, and Chen Ping’s entire arm entered the black hole.
The violent distortion of space-time caused Chen Ping to suffer excruciating pain!
But Chen Ping held on for dear life, not daring to let go at all.
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping’s face turned red as his entire body’s spiritual energy was mobilised, followed by a roar!
Chen Ping tore through the space hard and ripped that Qiankun Circle out of the black hole.
Chen Ping was holding the Circle of Heaven and Earth, his arm was trembling and his arm was already bloody and fleshy!
Chen Ping looked at the Qiankun Circle in his hand, and his heart was filled with mixed feelings!
“Yu Qi, wait for me, I will definitely get you out, don’t worry ……”
Chen Ping secretly swore in his heart!
Chen Ping came out of the Luo family and left Desolate North directly, heading straight for Kyoto.
As for where that Ning Zhi had escaped to, Chen Ping didn’t care anymore, the main thing he had to do now was to save Su Yuqi and then his own mother after that.
This was the most important thing that Chen Ping had to do right now, but after breaking into the Martial Union once, Chen Ping realised that his strength was still lacking a lot.