“Sect Leader, are you saying it wasn’t this Chen Ping who killed Third Elder, but someone using Chen Ping’s body?”
The Great Elder seemed to grasp Qian Xiaohan’s meaning and asked!
Qian Xiaohan nodded, “Exactly, someone borrowed Chen Ping’s body to kill Third Elder, if a third-grade Mahayana could really kill a third-grade Transcendent Immortal with one strike, what’s the point of cultivation, what’s the point of the laws of the heavens!”
“Who? Who the hell did this?”
The Great Elder frowned, clearly someone was targeting their Qian Sect!
“Didn’t you notice the girl by Chen Ping’s side?” Qian Xiaohan asked!
The group scrutinized the scene again, and suddenly someone blurted out, “Sun Moon City’s princess, that’s Lin Chong’s daughter, Lin Keting.”
Someone recognised Lin Keting’s identity!
“Correct, that’s Lin Chong’s daughter,” Qian Xiaohan nodded!
“Could it be Sun Moon City? We’ve got no beef with them, why would they target our Qian Sect?”
“Could it be because of the Ten Halls? After all, Elder Qian serves there!”
The Great Elder asked, full of doubt!
“I’m not sure, I’ve tried contacting Elder Qian but couldn’t get through, I even attempted divination, but got nothing!”
Qian Xiaohan said!
“Sect Leader, what do we do? If it’s really Sun Moon City behind this, we’re afraid…”
The Great Elder said, voice thick with worry!
After all, their Qian Sect was no match for Sun Moon City.
That was a royal city, backed by a master like the Limitless Daoist!
“If it’s truly Sun Moon City’s doing, we still need an explanation, with the Triple Alliance and the Ten Halls on our side, we might not lose to them.”
“We can also rope in the Huo family, don’t forget Huo Qing from the Huo family serves in the Ten Halls too, one word from Elder Qian, and the Huo family wouldn’t dare disobey!”
A ruthless glint flashed in Qian Xiaohan’s eyes, “Notify the Tang Sect and Ling Sect immediately, we’re heading to Wuwang Land now, no need to wait for the Heaven-Climbing Ladder!”
“Understood!” The Great Elder nodded!
But just as the Great Elder was about to make arrangements, a Tang Sect cultivator rushed in!
Given the ties between the Triple Alliance, no one stopped this Tang Sect messenger!
“Reporting to Sect Leader Qian, the Great Elder sent me to inform you, our young master Tang Xiaoyi has been killed, we hope Sect Leader Qian will come to the Tang Sect to discuss.”
The Tang Sect cultivator said!
“What?” Qian Xiaohan shot to his feet, “Who? Who killed my nephew?”
“Reporting to Sect Leader Qian, it was a guy named Chen Ping.”
The Tang Sect cultivator replied.
“Chen Ping? Him again?”
Qian Xiaohan trembled with rage!
“Why’s it this guy again? He’s clearly coming after our Triple Alliance, this is too much…”
“Exactly, this guy’s gone too far, even if Sun Moon City’s backing him, so what, we can’t let this slide.”
“Avenge Third Elder, avenge Young Master Tang…”
“Avenge, avenge…”
The Qian Sect cultivators erupted in righteous fury!
“Sect Leader, we have to kill this Chen Ping, even if it means war with Sun Moon City, we can’t back down.”
The Great Elder declared!
Qian Xiaohan nodded, “Go notify the Ling Sect at once, we’ll head to the Tang Sect together, also send someone to the Ten Halls in person to find out what’s going on, why can’t we reach Elder Qian.”
“Yes, sir…”
The Great Elder nodded and immediately set to work!
In an instant, the top forces of the Triple Alliance mobilised, shaking the hidden powers of the Celestial Realm!
Any one of the Triple Alliance sects alone might not be a big deal, but the Tang Sect, Qian Sect, and Ling Sect combined? That was a force to be reckoned with, a truly fearsome power!
Chen Ping had offended so many at once, it’d be a hell of a mess to sort out later!