“Chen Ping, if you don’t go out, I may call for someone to do something?”
When Cui Zhiyuan saw that Chen Ping had no intention of moving, he yelled with a face full of anger!
“If you dare to make a move on me, then be my guest ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
Cui Zhiyuan was completely furious, no longer caring about anything, he said to those in the sales department, “All of you together, carry Chen Ping out to me and throw him outside, he is simply a scoundrel, what a thing ……”
As soon as the sales department heard this, they all moved towards Chen Ping together, intending to carry him out!
“Stop, all stop …………”
Sun Xiaomeng yelled!
Wang Han Han was also desperately trying to stop the crowd from making a move on Chen Ping!
“Xiaomeng, what are you doing?” Cui Zhiyuan said with a frown!
“Zhiyuan, I’ll advise Chen Ping to go out, don’t do anything yet, if this is seen by Su Dong, we’ll all be scolded ……”
Sun Xiaomeng said to Cui Zhiyuan!
Cui Zhiyuan thought right, inside the conference room to do it, if it makes a mess, by Su Dong know, will definitely be scolded!
“That’s fine, you quickly tell him to get lost, or else just throw him down from the window ……”
Cui Zhiyuan nodded his head!
Sun Xiaomeng looked at Chen Ping and said with a helpless face, “Chen Ping, you’d better go, staying here will only make you more humiliated, if Su Dong sees you sitting here, she’ll definitely call the security guards to beat you out ……”
“She won’t ……” Chen Ping shook his head!
“Chen Ping, you’ve met Su Dong, don’t look at Su Dong as a girl, she’s very powerful when she launches her temper, I’m trying to advise you nicely, if you listen, then just forget I said anything!”
Sun Xiaomeng was also a bit angry when she saw that this guy Chen Ping couldn’t be bothered with oil and salt!
“Brother Chen Ping, you’d better go, it’s useless to sit here ……”
Wang Han Han also persuaded at Chen Ping!
“It’s not that I won’t leave, if I do, there will be no one left for this meeting today, and you will all be punished ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Chen Ping, you are so f*cking shameless, who do you think you are? If you leave, no one will have a meeting? Are you still presiding over this meeting today?”
When Wang Lanlan heard Chen Ping’s words, she was so disgusted that she was about to vomit!
The others also looked at Chen Ping with contempt, even a shameless person would not say such words!
“Chen Ping, do you want to be shameless? I’ve never f*cking seen you so shameless and bragging ……”
Cui Zhiyuan attacked Chen Ping with vicious words!
Sun Xiaomeng was also furious at this point and glared at Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, I’m asking you a question, are you going to leave or not?”
“Brother Chen Ping, let’s go, just go quickly ……”
Wang Han Han pulled at Chen Ping’s sleeve!
Just then, suddenly the door of the conference room was pushed open and Su Yuqi walked in with the rest of the company’s senior management!
Seeing Su Yuqi arrive, everyone was startled.
That Cui Zhiyuan was even stunned and his face changed drastically because at that moment Chen Ping was still sitting in the chairman’s seat!
“What’s all the commotion about?”
Su Yuqi heard the chaos in the meeting room from outside, and asked out loud.
When Su Yuqi asked this question, Cui Zhiyuan was filled with despair!
He thought, “It’s over!
He didn’t know how to explain, now that Chen Ping was sitting in the chairman’s seat, and was also from his sales department, how could he explain?
Could he say that Chen Ping had a problem in his head?
“Manager Cui, what is going on?”
Seeing that no one answered Su Yuqi’s words, Secretary Li glared at that Cui Zhiyuan and asked.
“Oh, Su Dong, there’s a person in our sales department who is suddenly out of his mind, making a lot of noise in the meeting room, I’m about to send someone to take him out and go to the hospital to have his brain checked!”
Cui Zhiyuan hurriedly made up a lie!
“Brain damage?” Su Yuqi frowned slightly, “Who’s out of his mind?”