The palm of his hand was raised but not falling, there was no way he could really beat Zheng Kai to death.
“You father and son are arguing over whether to release me or not, making me even embarra*sed.” Chen Ping smiled lightly and said, “I’d better do it myself, to save you father and son from getting into a conflict!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a burst of golden light began to emanate from his body, and a terrifying aura pervaded the entire Zheng family!
Feeling the terrifying aura from Chen Ping’s body, Zheng An Guo and Zheng Kai all stared at each other in shock!
Clap …………
Suddenly, the eight soul chains that were bound around Chen Ping’s body directly snapped, the broken chains falling to the ground!
Seeing this scene, Zheng An Guo and Zheng Kai were instantly dumbfounded!
They had to know that this Soul Chain was a family heirloom of their Zheng family, a top-grade magic weapon, but it had been destroyed so easily by Chen Ping’s hands.
Chen Ping stroked the dust on his body, then lightly said to Zheng Anguo, “Master Zheng, sorry for breaking your family’s treasure ……”
Zheng An Guo didn’t say anything, he didn’t even know what to say.
And that Zheng Kai was looking at Chen Ping, it was as if he was seeing the devil, the arrogance that was on him just now had long since disappeared!
“For the sake of your father, I will spare you once today, if there is another time, your Zheng family will have to prepare a coffin.”
Chen Ping looked at Zheng Kai, and after he finished speaking, he turned around and walked out the door!
Just as Chen Ping reached the door, Zheng An Guo then reacted and hurriedly chased after him with quick steps.
“Mr. Chen, please stay, please stay ……”
Zheng An Guo shouted.
Chen Ping turned to look at Zheng Anguo: “Master Zheng, do you want me to accompany this treasure of your family?”
“No, no, no, it was my dog’s son who was at fault, how dare I ask Mr. Chen to pay for it.”
“I just want to invite Mr. Chen to have a seat in my humble abode so that my dog son can make amends to Mr. Chen.”
“And I have heard a lot about Mr. Chen, so I would like to have a chat with Mr. Chen ……”
Zheng An Guo left Chen Ping behind because he wanted to follow Chen Ping and talk.
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded his head in agreement without hesitation.
He was also wondering what method this Zheng Anguo had used to be able to seize the power of creation from a city!
Zheng Anguo invited Chen Ping into the room, and then ordered Zheng Kai, “b*****d, don’t pour tea for Mr. Chen personally ……”
This time, Zheng Kai put away that C*ckney demeanour and respectfully poured Chen Ping a cup of tea!
Just now, Chen Ping had easily ripped off the soul-locking chain, so he could tell that Chen Ping’s strength was not something he, Zheng Kai, could compare with, the two were a hundred thousand miles apart!
“Mr. Chen, it’s all because of my incompetent teaching that my dog son has provoked Mr. Chen, I have made amends to Mr. Chen on his behalf ……”
“I hope that Mr. Chen will be generous and not follow his canine son.”
Zheng An Guo picked up his tea and said with a face full of respect.
“You’re welcome, Master Zheng, it’s just a small misunderstanding ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Seeing Chen Ping say this, Zheng Anguo’s heart was then a little more solid, otherwise if Chen Ping really did lay hands on Zheng Kai, then Zheng Kai would be in danger.
“Mr. Chen, if you come to South Lake, then it is a blessing for me in South Lake, I will immediately send someone to prepare a residence for Mr. Chen, the whole South Lake City, Mr. Chen can pick a place at will.”
“And here, Mr. Chen can do whatever he wants to do and stay as long as he wants, I still have this right, Zheng Anguo.”
Zheng Anguo started ingratiating himself with Chen Ping!
“Master Zheng, there is no need to be so polite, as I said, I am just accompanying a friend to come over casually for a couple of days, and I will leave soon.”
Chen Ping once again emphasized that he was coming over for a casual two days of fun.
He felt that this Zheng Anguo was cautious about his sudden arrival at South Lake, as if he was afraid that he might have some intentions towards South Lake!