The endless flames all around were madly absorbed by Chen Ping and then merged into this crimson flame!
“Die ……”
A murderous aura steeply emerged from Chen Ping’s eyes as the crimson flame steeply came out!
Right at the moment when the crimson flame came out, Chen Ping simultaneously cast his Time Origin, although Chen Ping’s Time Origin could not stop space and time, he could slow down the flow of time in this area!
In this way, it was almost impossible for that Elder Tu to dodge Chen Ping’s attack!
Chen Ping knew that when facing a Mahayana Realm expert like Elder Tu, he had to manage to land a single strike before he could possibly escape!
He did not have the will to kill Elder Tu, Chen Ping knew that a Mahayana realm expert was not that easy to kill!
Elder Tu was different from Mu Naiyi, Mu Naiyi had used a secret method to forcefully raise his strength to reach the Mahayana realm!
But this Elder Tu was an expert who had already entered the Mahayana Realm many years ago!
In this instant, Elder Tu only felt that his body’s movements slowed down, and the flow of time around him became slower and slower!
However, the attack that Chen Ping had sent out did not seem to be affected by the flow of time!
Elder Tu was startled and looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity!
But then with a smile, he said, “I really didn’t expect that you are just a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, but you have even grasped the time origin, these are things that many experts of the Mahayana Realm have not grasped.”
“But even if you have comprehended the Time Origin, you still don’t think you’ll be able to kill me, because your strength is simply not worthy.”
After all, there was a huge difference in strength, and the current Elder Tu had used a secret method to make the ghost face possessed, even though Chen Ping could control time and could launch an attack, Elder Tu was not afraid!
Because Chen Ping’s attacks were not able to hurt himself, Elder Tu had absolute confidence!
Chen Ping looked at the confident Elder Tu, and he also knew that his attacks could not hurt him!
Not to mention how strong Elder Tu’s own strength of the Mahayana Realm was, the ghostly face around him was also like a bronze wall, protecting Elder Tu tightly!
In the depths of this magma river, the surrounding flaming gas simply could not cause any harm to Elder Tu, all because of those ghost faces!
If Chen Ping did not have the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign’s Essence of Supreme Fire in his hands, he would have been unable to hold on by now!
However, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted up, the crimson flame that he had just used was not for the purpose of defeating Elder Tu!
What Chen Ping really wanted to utilise was the flame vortex, now both of them were within the flame vortex, and they were not afraid of the surrounding flaming Qi!
However, there was one thing that both he and Elder Tu were afraid of, and that was the void rift caused by the flame vortex!
If they were sucked into that void rift that led to nowhere, they might never be able to return!
That was the reason why Chen Ping used the Time Origin to slow down the flow of time!
The crimson flames were also used to make the void rift open up in the middle of the flame vortex!
The Void Rift was not affected by the flow of time, after all, the Void Rift was another unknown world’s time and would not be affected by the flow of time in the Celestial Realm!
Chen Ping had calculated this from the beginning in order to make Elder Tu careless!
Now that Elder Tu was indeed careless, he thought that Chen Ping’s crimson flame could not hurt him at all, so he was in no hurry!
But along with Chen Ping’s crimson flame instantly bursting open, all of a sudden causing the void within the flame vortex to distort!
Immediately after that, a void crack appeared in the centre of the vortex, and it continued to grow larger!
Within the void rift was darkness, like a bottomless abyss!
The void rift emitted a huge suction force!
Elder Tu was the closest to the void rift and began to panic as he felt the immense suction force!