Seeing that her own sister had said this, Ji Meiling did not say anything else, but she always had some hidden uneasiness in her heart!
Soon, Ji Cheng brought his own father, Ji Lian Jun, along!
“Dad, I’m sure that this time it’s definitely Third Uncle’s son, because I’ve seen all the tokens of our Ji family.”
“It’s been how many years, Third Uncle has never heard from him, and this time he was finally able to get in touch.”
Ji Cheng said excitedly following Ji Lian Jun as he walked!
Ji Lian Jun was also full of excitement “En, if this time it’s really your third uncle’s son who has come to us, then we have to entertain him properly, but entertaining is entertaining, don’t mention anything about the family to him.”
“Now that the Ji family has become this situation, I don’t want to let your third uncle and their lineage get involved again ……”
“En, I know, I won’t say anything.” Ji Cheng nodded!
When Ji Cheng led Ji Lian Jun into the hall with quick steps, he only saw Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling sitting in the hall eating!
Ji Cheng froze and said “Big sister, second sister, I asked you to bring sixth brother, where is he?”
Ji Meiling didn’t dare to speak and just looked at Ji Meiyan.
Ji Meiyan, on the other hand, said “Big brother, those guys look like crooks, we’ve brought them inside the illusion formation, we can’t just let them roam around in our Ji family.”
“What?” Ji Cheng’s eyes glared, and he immediately became furious, “Who told you guys to do that? I have already confirmed the Ji family’s token, how could it be a fraud, you guys are simply fooling around.”
Ji Cheng roared, while Ji Meiyan was full of aggression and said “Who knew that you confirmed the token, besides bringing them into the illusionary formation will not be dangerous, why are you roaring?”
“Meiyan, you are so old, it’s just nonsense, quickly go and bring the people out from the illusion formation, if the one who came is really your third uncle’s son, you two will wait to be punished.”
Ji Lian Jun also said with an ugly face!
Ji Meiyan saw that her father was also angry and knew that she had played a big game, so she hurriedly called out to Ji Meiling to go and lead Chen Ping and the others!
“These two girls, they are too uncaring, they just know how to be naughty all day long.”
Ji Cheng looked at the back of the two and sighed!
“Cheng’er, this time when you secretly followed your second uncle to the Northern Domain, did you gain anything?”
Jilian Jun asked to Ji Cheng!
“Dad, your guess is right, my second uncle indeed did not look for any Pill Dignity, but went to the Giant Barbarian Palace, but because that Giant Barbarian Palace was heavily guarded, I was not able to follow it in, as for what my second uncle discussed with the Palace Master of the Giant Barbarian Palace, I don’t know.”
Ji Cheng replied!
“Ai, this person, your second uncle, is just too narrow-minded and cruel, otherwise what’s the harm in giving him this family head position.”
“Now your grandfather is afraid that he doesn’t have many days left, your second uncle doesn’t think about how to heal your grandfather, but instead he goes around ganging up and trying to seize the position of the family head, it really makes me sad.”
Ji Lian Jun sighed!
“Dad, if we really can’t, let’s strike first, or else by the time Second Uncle really joins forces with the Giant Savage Palace to deal with us, that would be troublesome.”
Ji Cheng’s eyes flashed with ruthlessness and said!
Ji Lian Jun coldly glared at Ji Cheng and said “Asshole, that’s your second uncle, even if your second uncle has the mind to take over the position of the family head, and also united with other people, but in the end, he still hasn’t made a move yet, how can we make the first move?”
“Now the Ji family is just the two of us, when it comes to hand-to-hand combat, the one who is cheaper is still someone else, and it’s still not a joke for others to see?”
“Cheng’er, you’re a loyal person, I’m telling you, rather your second uncle negate us, we can’t negate him, we mustn’t take the blame, do you understand?”