Chen Ping’s words caused Ji Meiling to quiet down, and then angrily looked at that Qin Jingyun and said “You wait for me, don’t leave Yellow Blue City if you have the ability to do so ……”
After saying that, Ji Meiling and the girls were ready to leave!
“Wait ……”
Qin Jingyun shouted, followed by a few of his men blocking Chen Ping’s path to them!
Ji Meiling frowned and said “What do you want? This is Yellow Blue City, not your Giant Savage Palace, if you dare to make a move, I guarantee that I will let you die without a body.”
“Miss Ji don’t misunderstand, I’m not stopping you guys, I have a little bit of a problem, I want to follow this kid to count ……”
Qin Jingyun said as he pointed at Chen Ping!
Ji Meiyan glanced at Chen Ping, then blocked in front of Chen Ping and said “Mr Chen is a guest of my Ji family, if you touch him, then you are touching our Ji family, if you have the ability, you can try.”
“Miss Ji, I hope you can see the situation clearly, I’m giving your Ji family face and letting your sisters go, don’t give your face away, do you think my Giant Savage Palace is really afraid of your Ji family?”
Qin Jingyun’s eyes narrowed as he said in a cold voice!
“You …………” Ji Meiyan was instantly disliked and speechless!
“Miss Ji, the matter between me and him, then we’ll settle it ourselves, you don’t have to care.”
Chen Ping said, took two steps forward and arrived in front of Qin Jingyun, “How do you want to settle things with me?”
Qin Jingyun sized up Chen Ping and said “I’m not going to bully you either, the two of us will just punch each other, if you can survive this punch, our differences will be settled.”
The Giant Savage Palace was known for its strength, and now Qin Jingyun was at the Ferrying Realm strength, while Chen Ping was only at the Harmonisation Realm, that was why he was so confident!
“Do you want to be shameless, it’s not fair at all for you, a Ferrying Realm cultivator to follow a Harmonisation Realm cultivator in a boxing match.”
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan hurriedly said loudly!
“What’s fair or unfair? How can there be fairness in this Celestial Realm? Who made him less skilled than others?”
Qin Jingyun said with the corners of his mouth raised!
Ji Meiyan still wanted to say something but was directly interrupted by Chen Ping “Miss Ji, I’ll just compete with him in one punch, no big deal.”
“Mr Chen, you are only in the Harmonisation realm, while he is in the Transition realm ah, even my little sister is not a match for him, I’m afraid you won’t be able to carry even one punch.”
Ji Meiyan said worriedly!
“Mr Chen, this guy is at least above the second rank of the Transition Realm, I have no resistance in his hands, I’m afraid you really can’t.”
Ji Meiling also advised Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, perhaps I can.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then looked towards Qin Jingyun “It’s only a one punch match, but if I injure you, you can’t settle the score later ……”
“Just you?”
Qin Jingyun’s face was full of disdain “Even if I stand still, you won’t be able to hurt me, and you still dare to talk big here!”
“Against the likes of you, I’ll knock him you down with one hand, I’ll let you make the first move ……”
Qin Jingyun beckoned towards Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw this, he took up a stance, and the aura on his body rose up!
Swish ……
Chen Ping’s body was like lightning as it directly disappeared in place and headed towards Qin Jingyun!
Qin Jingyun frowned as the disdain on his face disappeared, he did not expect Chen Ping’s speed to be so fast!
By the time he reacted, Chen Ping had already arrived in front of him, and his fist, which exploded with golden light, headed straight for Qin Jingyun’s chest!
Chen Ping’s fist hadn’t arrived yet, but the sharp fist wind had already whistled, causing Qin Jingyun to feel the aura of danger!
Seeing this, Qin Jingyun let out a low gulp as his body instantly bulged and a red blood mist began to spread in all directions, quickly wrapping up Qin Jingyun’s body!
In this instant, the power within Qin Jingyun’s body was skyrocketing, pushing towards the aura of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm!