“If you can’t kill it, then another method, don’t you happen to need the Flame Qi to cultivate?”
“At that time, you were still on that cliff wall absorbing the Flaming Qi inside, now with so much ready-made Flaming Qi, there is no need to wait for anything?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, surprisingly, these Red Flame Insects were feeding on Flame Qi, then these Red Flame Insects must have a lot of Flame Qi in their bodies.
And these red fire worms gathered together, the power can be more than ordinary to the fire are cattle!
Moreover, he had the Fire Essence Spirit in his hand, and he had also cultivated the True Fire Dharma Body, so he was not afraid of any fire attacks!
Therefore, these Red Flame Insects could not do any harm to Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping was able to absorb the Flame Qi within these Red Flame Insects!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping suddenly understood the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s intention!
The feeling was that he had wronged someone, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch knew that there were Red Flame Insects within this cave and did not tell Chen Ping, just to lure the Red Flame Insects here so that Chen Ping could absorb them!
“Senior, I’m really sorry for misunderstanding you ……”
Chen Ping said with great embarrassment!
“Quickly go out, don’t ink inside the formation, this formation is for my protection.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch kicked Chen Ping and raised Chen Ping out of the protection of the formation!
Seeing this, those Red Flame Insects swarmed up and wrapped Chen Ping up, desperately attacking him!
However, these Red Flame Insects could not hurt Chen Ping at all!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had his Origin Star in motion, crazily absorbing the Flame Qi within the Red Flame Insects!
Only to see the flames rising up to the sky, these Red Flame Insects went forward and back!
Soon, around Chen Ping, some of the Red Flame Insects that had been absorbed out of the Flame Qi had turned black and were no longer silent!
Not too long after, it was densely covered in a layer!
Chen Ping’s heart was so happy that he desperately absorbed it!
And those Red Flame Insects had no spiritual intelligence at all, they just swarmed forward and backward, desperately releasing the Flaming Qi to burn Chen Ping to death!
This was at Chen Ping’s wish, as the Red Fire Insects released the Flaming Qi, Chen Ping desperately absorbed it.
I don’t know how long it took, but the ground was covered with the corpses of the red fire bugs!
In the end, there was finally a Red Flame Insect that was enlightened, turned its head and quickly ran away, not attacking Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not chase after them, after all, in this cave, it was easy to get lost!
When the Red Fire Insect dispersed, Chen Ping’s Origin Star flickered with light!
A strange Supreme Fire Breath slowly formed within Chen Ping’s body!
When these Supreme Fire Breaths condensed into a strand of Supreme Fire Essence, Chen Ping realised with a start that it was actually a different kind of Supreme Fire!
Chen Ping already possessed four types of Supreme Flames within his body, and originally, he had thought that these Red Flame Insects were absorbing the Breath of Blazing Flame, and that what they were absorbing was also the Breath of the Earth’s Core Flame!
So absorbing the Flame Qi of these Red Flame Insects was just increasing the power of his own Heart of Earth Flame!
However, he did not expect that the Flame Qi of these Red Flame Insects had formed a unique Supreme Flame!
This Supreme Flame seemed to possess some spirituality than other Supreme Flames!
Chen Ping directly sacrificed a ball of Supreme Flame, then dropped in a drop of blood and recited the words under his breath!
Instantly, that ball of Supreme Fire transformed into a dozen or so red-haired rats!
Only, this time, the red furred rats were obviously much smarter and possessed some spirituality!
One must know that these were all Supreme Flame transformations, not real demonic beasts, yet they already possessed spiritual intelligence!
It was entirely because Chen Ping had absorbed the Flame Qi from that Red Flame Insect to form the Supreme Fire, which possessed a certain spirituality!
The Red Flame Insects were not spiritually intelligent, and each one of them followed the fool, but they did not expect that the Supreme Flame that was formed possessed spirituality!
A dozen or so red furred rats surrounded Chen Ping, constantly squeaking!
“You guys go and look for the exit, make sure you look for the exit, got it?”
Chen Ping ordered to the dozen red furred rats!
The dozen or so red furred rats all nodded, and then began to divide up the work, and then ran towards the different cave entrances!
And while those red furred rats were searching for a way out, Chen Ping continued to whip Elder Tu in boredom!
It was boring inside the cave anyway, so Chen Ping took Elder Tu for fun!