Deep within the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
“Mr Chen, if you go a little further, you will arrive at the Heavenly Demon Sect, after arriving at the Heavenly Demon Sect, you should try not to expose your aura, I’m afraid that someone will recognise your identity and cause unnecessary trouble!”
Patriarch Jiang reminded Chen Ping!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded!
In fact, Chen Ping knew that even if he exposed his scent, no one from the Heavenly Demon Sect would know his true identity, after all, it wasn’t like he had followed the Heavenly Demon Sect’s people without any contact, no one was familiar with his scent!
Only those who were familiar with the situation would be able to recognise the identity from amongst the breath, now that Chen Ping had changed his appearance, those who were not familiar with the situation would not be able to see it at all!
“Mr Chen, there seems to be someone ahead?”
At this time, Ochre Yan suddenly reminded!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping listened with his side ear and was indeed able to hear the sound of someone talking not far ahead!
On this journey, Chen Ping had not emanated out his divine sense in order to avoid being discovered, so much so that there was someone in front of him and he did not even realise it in time!
“What to do? Should we take a detour?”
Jiang Yulian said!
“No need, our Soul Demon Sect has no grudges with others, even if we run into someone, it’s fine.”
Patriarch Jiang waved his hand and said!
Now that Chen Ping had changed his appearance, as long as he did not expose his aura, his identity would not be discovered!
After continuing forward for some distance, one could clearly see five people on their face, talking and laughing as they were walking towards them!
When the two parties met, they were all slightly stunned!
It turned out that the leader of the other party was none other than the divine Doctor Liu who had cheated away the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng from the Soul Demon Sect!
Seeing Divine Doctor Liu, Patriarch Jiang’s face instantly became gloomy, and Jiang Yulian’s eyes even widened in anger!
That Liu Divine Doctor also did not expect to run into the Jiang Patriarch here, was also slightly stunned, then laughed and said, “So it’s the Jiang Patriarch ah, looks like you have recovered, really congratulations ah, did not expect to be able to run into you here …….”
Jiang Patriarch looked at that Liu Divine Doctor, inwardly he had been burning with anger for a long time, and could not wait to go forward and slap him to death!
However, looking at the four Ferrying Realm cultivators behind Divine Doctor Liu, Patriarch Jiang still suppressed his anger!
“Divine Doctor Liu, what a coincidence, I was able to recover, didn’t I all rely on Divine Doctor Liu’s wonderful hands.”
Patriarch Jiang squeezed out a smile and said!
Hearing Patriarch Jiang’s words, that Divine Doctor Liu’s eyes were clearly suspicious!
He knew that Patriarch Jiang’s life expectancy had already ended, and that it was impossible for him to recover, but now it seemed that Patriarch Jiang was indeed fine, which made him very puzzled!
Although he was puzzled, Divine Doctor Liu smiled and said “It’s my honour to be able to help Patriarch Jiang, I still have things to do, so I won’t bother Patriarch Jiang.”
After Divine Doctor Liu finished speaking, he left with his men, it could be seen that this guy was now very vain!
Patriarch Jiang watched Divine Doctor Liu leave with the people and didn’t stop him!
“Master, this guy is a big liar, tricked us all, why are you still letting him leave? He should be exposed to his face!”
Jiang Yulian saw that Divine Doctor Liu led the people away and Patriarch Jiang didn’t even stop them, so she asked in disbelief!
“Our priority, helping Mr Chen find the Heavenly Demon Stone is the main thing, not to mention that guy also brought four sixth grade cultivators of the Transition Realm with him, so if we really fought, we might not be able to tell who suffered.”
Patriarch Jiang said to Jiang Yulian!
Seeing this, Jiang Yulian stopped speaking, but it was obvious that she was still angry in her heart!
If this Divine Doctor Liu hadn’t tricked them into digging for the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, they wouldn’t have died a dozen or so of their brothers and sisters for nothing!
“Alright, don’t be angry, I’ll definitely seek revenge on that surname Liu when I have the chance, let’s just hurry up and go!”
Patriarch Jiang patted Jiang Yulian’s head and said!
Jiang Yulian nodded, and then the group continued on their way!
Chen Ping had not spoken since the beginning, at this time he knew that he needed to keep a low profile!