Long Jingguo, the titled head of the Long family and an old martial marquis, was now powerless in Chen Ping’s hands.
“I can save my mother just as well if I kill you ……”
Chen Ping stared at Long Jingguo with a deadly stare, and the force in his hand increased by a few points!
Long Jingguo only felt that his neck was about to be crushed by Chen Ping.
And at this moment, Long Xiao, not knowing what was being chanted out of his mouth, only to see his body slowly wrapped in black mist, slowly disappearing!
Only, Chen Ping’s attention had been attracted by Long Jingguo, and did not notice the disappearing Long Xiao!
“Chen Ping, let my father go or I’ll let your little girl die along with your mother ……”
At that moment, Long Xiao’s voice came from all directions, as if it was coming out of the void!
Chen Ping snapped his eyes, only to find that somehow, Long Xiao had disappeared.
“If you dare to harm Xiao Ru and my mother, I will make your father’s life worse than death ……”
When Chen Ping finished, he slammed a fierce fist onto Long Jingguo’s face, and Long Jingguo’s mouth was full of teeth.
“In that case, then you will never want to see your mother and that little girl again ……”
Long Xiao’s voice was getting farther and farther away, as if it was coming from the sky!
When Chen Ping saw that Long Xiao was really going to leave, he immediately shouted, “Wait a minute ……”
There was no way Chen Ping could watch Xiao Ru and his own mother being put in danger and not care.
“What? Are you afraid? Since you’re afraid, then let my father go ……”
Long Xiao said with a cold snort.
“We can exchange, as long as you let Xiao Ru and my mother go, I will let your father go ……”
Chen Ping simply couldn’t trust Long Xiao as a person, so there was no way he would let Long Jingguo go first.
“Are you kidding, you want to exchange one person for two, it’s simply impossible.”
Long Xiao coldly snorted, “You let my father go, I’ll let that little girl go, that’s the only choice you have, or don’t let anyone go.”
Long Xiao sounded as if he was not worried about Long Jingguo’s safety, nor did he care if Long Jingguo lived or died!
Chen Ping was caught in a pa*sive position this time!
Whether it was Xiao Ru or his own mother, there was no way he could care about their lives or deaths.
But this Long Xiao, didn’t seem to care about his father’s life or death, and as for handing over or not exchanging, Long Xiao didn’t seem to care!
“I only give you three seconds to think about it, if you don’t agree, then I will go back and just kill them all ……”
Long Xiao saw that Chen Ping was hesitating, so he urged.
“Okay, I promise you!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
First, he would use Long Jingguo to exchange Xiao Ru back, as for his own mother, she shouldn’t be in any danger, after all, she had been imprisoned for more than twenty years, if Long Jingguo wanted to do it, he would have done it already, he must have some scruples!
“Good then, tomorrow at the martial arts arena to change people, no one will try to play tricks ……”
Long Xiao said.
“Good!” Chen Ping agreed without hesitation.
The martial arts arena was the place where the Martial Arts Union competed, Long Xiao must have some intention when he chose this place, but Chen Ping wasn’t afraid!
Long Xiao left, in fact, Long Xiao had left a long time ago, what was just now was just a wisp of Long Xiao’s divine sense.
The spatial spell Long Xiao had cast had vanished in the void.
This was Chen Ping’s carelessness, if Chen Ping hadn’t been careless, Long Xiao wouldn’t have had the chance to cast a spatial spell at all!
Long Wu and the four villains gathered around.
Long Wu looked at Long Jingguo, who was beaten like a pig’s head, and had mixed feelings in his heart!
At one time, the Long Family was a great success in the martial arts world of Kyoto.
But now, after the great power of the Long Family was taken away by Long Jingguo, it was becoming more and more decayed, and now the head of the titled Long Family was a prisoner and a pig’s head …………
“Chen Ping, let’s hurry back, Ling’er will die of joy if she knows you are still alive ……”
Long Wu said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded, and then had the four villains escort Long Jingguo and rush towards the Pill God Valley.