“Zhu Hao, don’t look down on others with your dog’s eyes, my Zheng family is not something you can just pinch at will.”
Zheng Anguo was holding the Xuanhua Axe, and his bottom line was instantly full.
“Zheng Anguo, you are looking for death ……”
Zhu Hao’s eyes were slightly glued, followed by pulling out a folding fan from inside his sleeves, followed by the folding fan opening, a golden light flashed, this folding fan was actually made of gold.
Moreover, the aura emanating from the fan was even more ma*sive and terrifying!
This folding fan was actually a Martial Saint weapon as well!
When Zheng An Guo saw this, his face changed and he froze on the spot!
The old man beside Zhu Hao also emitted his aura at the same time, and his aura was extremely powerful.
The peak of the Great Martial Marquis, the closest thing to a Martial Saint.
Moreover, the person Zhu Hao had brought with him was obviously much stronger than the Zheng Family’s Great Martial Marquis.
Most of the Zheng Family’s Grand Martial Marquis were only First or Second Grade Grand Martial Marquis, and the highest was only Zheng Anguo, a Fourth Grade Grand Martial Marquis!
But the lowest of the Zhu Family’s Grand Martial Marquis is a fourth-ranked Martial Marquis!
This was not even a match of the same magnitude!
Zheng Anguo didn’t say anything, and Chen Ping’s face was cold as he took a deep breath and slowly mobilized the power of the divine Dragon within his body!
The Dragon Cutting Sword was also ready and calling out!
“Sir Zhu, it’s not too good to make such a fuss over a Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, is it? Besides, you brought so many people here, but you have more important matters, if you lose a lot of money here again, how will you explain it back?”
“Why don’t you do me a favour and give the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Cao to Mr. Chen, and then my Jiang family will owe you a favour?”
Seeing that the two sides were already at loggerheads, Jiang Wei stepped out and started to round things up!
Zhu Hao looked at Jiang Wei and said with a cold face, “Jiang Wei, what do you mean by that? Do you want to help that Chen Ping?”
“Sir Zhu, if you insist on following Mr. Chen to fight for the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, then I can only help Mr. Chen.”
“If you add my Jiang family, do you think you still have a chance of winning? Why not sell me a favour!”
Jiang Wei’s tone was flat, but threatening!
When Zhu Hao heard this, his face turned red with anger and his brows furrowed, “Jiang Wei, are you going to make an enemy of my Zhu family for the sake of a Chen Ping?”
“Zhu Hao, do you not know, or are you just pretending to be stupid? Even without this incident, could it be that your two families and I would still be friends? We would have become enemies sooner or later ……”
Jiang Wei said with a cold smile.
Jiang Wei’s words left Zhu Hao speechless because he knew that sooner or later, their families would become enemies because they were all competing for common interests, and since there were competing interests, they would definitely become enemies.
Zhu Hao stopped speaking, his face hardened to the point of no return!
For if Jiang Wei also helped Chen Ping, then he wouldn’t have the slightest chance of winning!
Just as Zhu Hao was hesitating, whether to retreat or not, Hong Qianjiu, who had been watching all along, took a step forward and said with a faint smile, “Jiang Wei, what do you think it has to do with you if people are fighting for He Shou Wu? You had to cross the line, causing me to be unable to watch the hilarity even if I wanted to.”
“I’m telling you, if you watch the show from the sidelines, I won’t care about anything, but if you have to help that Chen Ping, then I’ll have to help Zhu Hao, and I’m sure the Zhu family won’t forget my kindness.”
Hong Qianjiu was forcing Jiang Wei to watch the show from the sidelines and not to care about anything!
“Hong Qianjiu, you …………”
Jiang Wei looked at Hong Qianjiu angrily.
But Zhu Hao smiled at this moment, “Brother Jiu, don’t worry, your kindness, our Zhu family will never forget it, when the time comes to Peng ……”
“Shut up ……”
Just as that Zhu Hao was about to say something, Hong Qianjiu glared angrily at that Zhu Hao, causing Zhu Hao to instantly swallow his words back!
When Chen Ping saw this, he frowned slightly, it seemed that these several families were all running to one place, and it was surprising that several families had all chosen to keep it a secret.
It could be seen that this place was very important to several families!