Although this Xuan Turtle Armour could only withstand it once before it was damaged, it could have saved their lives just this once!
At this moment, these Holy Maidens were looking at Chen Ping with a little more admiration in their eyes!
Although Chen Ping’s realm was only the third rank of the Transition Realm, he was a Formation Master, and in the Celestial Realm, Formation Masters were just as respected as Pill Masters!
It was also because Chen Ping was a formation master that his realm would not be too high, after all, he had spent most of his energy on carving formations!
“Thank you Mr Chen, we will follow the Palace Master’s orders and keep Mr Chen safe along the way.”
Bing Lu took the initiative to step forward and saluted Chen Ping!
After all, people had given away such valuable things, it was not good for these Saint Maidens to be following Chen Ping against him!
Listening to Bing Lu’s words, Chen Ping smiled faintly “You guys protect yourselves first, if I can, I will try my best to bring you all back!”
Chen Ping’s words caused Bing Lu, who had just been a little grateful, to instantly turn cold!
The other Saint Maidens were also looking at Chen Ping in defiance!
“What do you mean, you alone, are stronger than a dozen of us?”
Bing Lu asked to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but it was the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master who spoke up “Good, Mr Chen’s strength, a dozen of you together won’t be able to hurt him in the slightest, you guys just have to listen well along the way.”
“Now all follow me out, then relax properly ……”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace finished speaking and turned around to walk out!
Although these Holy Maidens were unconvinced, no one dared to refute the Palace Master!
Chen Ping also just smiled and did not say anything!
After leaving, the dozen or so Holy Maidens all went down the mountain in groups and headed to South End City to play!
Tomorrow’s trip to the poles was not known to be dead or alive, so they were going to have fun today!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, would go to his room to rest, carving formation patterns for the whole night was also a great exertion for him!
He had to recover to his best state as soon as possible before he could do so!
When Chen Ping opened his eyes, the moonlight had already shone in and it was already dark!
However, the white snow reflected the moonlight, making it as if it was daytime outside!
Chen Ping walked out of the room and felt a very soothing feeling as he felt the gusts of cold wind blowing by!
This kind of environment and weather, if it was an ordinary person, they were afraid that they wouldn’t be able to stay for a day, but for Chen Ping and the rest of them, the cold was not that scary for the cultivators!
Chen Ping leapt up and sat on top of the roof!
He saw that in the courtyard of the Palace Master, a figure was fluttering in martial arts!
That was the Palace Master, holding a long sword in her hand, practising!
The moonlight was spreading on his body, and the thin veil was lightly translucent, making Chen Ping look dumbfounded!
The Palace Master also felt someone watching, she knew who it was so she didn’t care!
Chen Ping only felt a heat in his nose, followed by a few drops of nosebleed dripping onto the white snow!
“Do not listen to impoliteness, do not look at impoliteness ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly turned around and recited the Clear Heart Mantra!
What a joke, he always felt like this Palace Master was seducing him!
After reciting the Heart Cleansing Mantra a few times, Chen Ping’s heart quieted down!
Looking at the moon that was changing direction as time passed!
Chen Ping fell into deep thought!
“Time Origin, what exactly is it ……”
When he was in the Ji Clan, the Immortal Finger that the Ji Clan Ancestor had passed on to Chen Ping needed to perceive the Time Origin in order for it to work.
There was also the Imperial Fire Steps, which required the same!
Right now, although Chen Ping had a hint of perception of time, and could even use the Imperial Fire Steps, but if he wanted to completely condense the time origin into a star, he was afraid that there was still a long way to go!
Chen Ping stared blankly at the moonlight as his entire being fell into deep thought!
And at this time, the Holy Maiden, who had returned from South End City, also rushed back to Guanghan Palace!
“Sister Binglu, I had such a good time today, it’s been a long time since I was this happy.”
“That’s right, I even ate a lot of delicious food.”
“South End City is much more lively than before!”
The Saint Maidens were all talking and laughing!