When the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder heard this, he looked at Cheng Jinghui with some incredulity, he didn’t expect Cheng Jinghui to do this!
“Luo Gu Master, I’ll kill this guy for you!”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder was ready to make a move against that Cheng Jia Hai!
Don’t look at the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder’s Transition Realm seventh rank realm, but having experienced the Devil’s Tribulation Cloud, even if he dealt with Cheng Jinghui, who was in the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, he would no longer be able to speak.
What’s more, this Cheng Jing would be afraid of the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder from the depths of his heart, so the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder would have an even greater advantage in terms of momentum in a fight!
“Ghost old man, none of you need to make a move, today I must kill him with my own hands to avenge those disciples I got.”
Luo Shouhai did not allow the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder or Chen Ping to help!
He wanted to personally finish off Cheng Jinghui!
Cheng Jinghui was also gloomy at the moment and didn’t explain anything, after all, it was redundant to say anything right now!
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder was still trying to persuade Luo Shouhai, when Chen Ping spoke up.
“Ghost Elder, let Master Luo Gu resolve this on his own, we’ll just keep an eye on the rest of Blood Spirit Peak.”
Chen Ping knew that this kind of thing, only if Luo Shouhai took matters into his own hands, would he be able to untie the knot!
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder saw Chen Ping open his mouth, so he nodded.
“Go to hell …….”
Just as Luo Shouhai put his attention on the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and Chen Ping!
Cheng Jinghui, who had been silent all this time, actually took action!
Cheng Jinghui quickly arrived in front of Luo Shouhai and punched him!
Cheng Jinghui knows that today is a certain death situation!
Either Luo Shouhai dies or he dies, so there is no mercy at all, and there is no sense of sect friendship!
boom!
Cheng Jinghui’s punch almost exploded with all his power, and with an explosion, a huge ripple appeared in the void.
The murderous look in Luo Shouhai’s eyes became even stronger. Now that Cheng Jing would directly kill him, it was even more proof that he did it!
Luo Shouhai also punched him!
With both fists touching each other, Cheng Jinghui’s body quickly retreated!
Luo Shouhai also retreated quickly, and the two of them were evenly matched in this punch!
However, Cheng Jinghui was prepared to attack with all his strength, and Luo Shouhai passively accepted the attack. So from this point of view, Cheng Jinghui’s strength is slightly inferior!
Cheng Jinghui looked at Luo Shouhai in surprise, frowning slightly, “I didn’t expect that in just a few days, your strength would be a head above mine. You must know that you have always been suppressed and beaten by me.”
Cheng Jinghui didn’t understand how Luo Shouhai, who had only been around for so long, was already stronger than himself!
Luo Shouhai did not speak, but the aura on his body exploded to the extreme!
The reason why Luo Shouhai was able to be a head higher than that Cheng Jinghui was entirely because when Chen Ping was healing Luo Shouhai’s injuries, that elixir had also caused Luo Shouhai’s strength to grow!
Originally, that Cheng Jinghui was not much higher than Luo Shouhai, but now that Luo Shouhai had used Chen Ping’s elixir, his strength had increased and he had surpassed Cheng Jinghui!
This was also the reason why Luo Shouhai wanted to behead Cheng Jinghui on his own and Chen Ping did not stop him, but instead agreed!
If it was a few days ago, there was no way Chen Ping would have let Luo Shouhai take on Cheng Jinghui alone!
“bast*rd, go die ……”
Luo Shouhai let out an explosive shout, followed by a movement of his feet, the entire person arrived in front of Cheng Jinghui like lightning!
Subsequently, a fist smashed over, while Luo Shouhai’s fist carried an endless fury!
Boom!
Cheng Jinghui was shocked and furious, he didn’t expect Luo Shouhai’s strength to surpass his.
Cheng Jinghui hurriedly resisted, and as a result, he was sent flying by Luo Shouhai’s punch!
“Patriarch …………”
Seeing this, the Blood Spirit Peak Elder led the disciples of Blood Spirit Peak and intended to rush up!
Seeing this, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder swung his palms violently, and a huge force attacked towards those Blood Spirit Peak disciples!
A dozen or so Blood Spirit Peak disciples were all tipped over by this huge force!
Even the Blood Spirit Peak Elder fell hard to the ground!
“If you guys dare to make a move, then there is only a path to death ……”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder threatened these people from the Blood Spirit Peak!