Guo Wei also looked grave: “No wonder that Venerable Ding Hui dared to tell me big words, before the end of the year, he let that Long Xiao give me a match, saying that he would definitely be able to beat me, looking at this now, that Long Xiao will really surpa*s me after cultivating for some time!”
Guo Wei began to have an inexplicable pressure, although he was the director of the Martial Arts Union, if he did not have real strength, no one would be convinced, if he was then surpa*sed by these juniors, then his prestige would be even more gone.
“Family head, the eldest young master has actually used the Thousand Opportunity Guide, if it is not utilised properly, it will be in danger of backfiring.”
Long Xingxu whispered in Long Jingguo’s ear.
Long Jingguo’s face was already hard to see at this moment, not that it had come to this, he had no way to stop it, now he could only pray that Long Xiao’s use of the Thousand Opportunity Primer was successful!
At this moment, the blood-coloured mist began to rise from Long Xiao’s body, and actually drifted towards that dark cloud.
Looking at the blood-coloured mist on Long Xiao’s body, Chen Ping looked grave, his muscles tensed up and once again adjusted the power of the divine Dragon, causing the golden light on his body to shine even brighter!
“Chen Ping, you underestimate me too much ……”
Long Xiao controlled the blood-coloured mist, and immediately afterwards, the blood-coloured mist seemed like a fuse, instantly attracting the lightning within the dark clouds!
Chen Ping frowned, so this Long Xiao was trying to use the power of lightning to counter his own strong physical body!
“Go to hell ……”
With a wave of Long Xiao’s palms, that blood-coloured mist directly enveloped Chen Ping’s body, followed by the lightning in the dark cloud coming down in a smooth motion towards Chen Ping!
The lightning contained the force of ten thousand catties, as if a huge mountain was pressing down, one should know that this lightning was the force of heaven and earth, it was not that easy to resist.
Boom ……
Finally, the lightning struck Chen Ping’s body with a fierce blow!
Chen Ping let out a roar and a golden light shone from his body, followed by the manifestation of a golden dragon!
With a dragon roar, the golden dragon followed the lightning bolt and collided with it!
A huge roar caused the whole earth to tremble, followed by a gale of wind that swept through the area, and all the people around had to use their breath to resist!
Boom! …………
Another bolt of lightning struck down from the dark clouds!
“Ah …………”
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body grew stronger and stronger, and the power of the divine Dragon once again coalesced into a golden dragon that ruthlessly slammed into that lightning bolt!
“What jutsu is this Chen Ping using?”
Zhu Zhishan looked at the golden dragon that Chen Ping had coalesced, and could not help but frown.
“Can’t figure it out, I just heard that this Chen Ping also had a strange encounter, I wonder if it could be related to this golden dragon!”
Guo Wei shook his head!
And at this moment, the sky was still thick with dark clouds, with lightning constantly brewing!
“Your last chance has been used up ……”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao, followed by a hiss from his mouth, and a terrifying power exploded instantly!
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body was like a celestial maiden scattering flowers as it instantly shot straight up to the clouds!
The dense dark clouds were actually dispersed by this golden light, and the sun was revealed from behind the dark clouds again!
When Long Xiao saw this, he didn’t have time to think about it, so he hurriedly grabbed it with his hand and the blood-coloured mist instantly turned into a sword and stabbed towards Chen Ping fiercely!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was no longer protected by golden light, so Long Xiao wanted to use this sword to kill Chen Ping!
But who knew that when Chen Ping saw Long Xiao’s sword coming out, he actually swung a fist directly.
A fierce force erupted from Chen Ping’s fist, and the blood-coloured longsword in Long Xiao’s hand disappeared without a trace in front of this overwhelming force!
Boom!
Immediately afterwards, Long Xiao only felt his chest tighten as his body involuntarily flew backwards.
Long Xiao’s body viciously smashed into the ground, directly creating a large human-shaped crater in the ground!
“How could this happen?”
Long Jingguo’s face turned blue and he stood up with a scuffle, concern written in his eyes.