“Pavilion Master Qian, what do you mean? Are you going to intervene?”
Mu Kunrong asked at Pavilion Master Qian!
“Family Master Mu has misunderstood, how could I possibly intervene, I just need to open the ring formation to prevent your fight from hurting anyone.”
As Pavilion Master Qian finished speaking, accompanied by a wave of his palm, the stone pillars around the ring instantly rose up in a ray of light before wrapping up the ring!
“There’s no need to be so troublesome, this kid I only need one move to take his life!”
Mu Kunrong said with a cold snort!
Chen Ping, a Ferrying Realm cultivator, could not even enter his eyes!
The ring’s formation was activated, Mu Kunrong stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, the aura of his body rising!
“Go to hell ……”
Mu Kunrong slammed his fist towards Chen Ping!
With the strength of the fifth rank of the Mahayana realm, this punch could be considered terrifying!
The large fist filled the entire ring, and Chen Ping was simply unable to avoid it except to resist!
“Rubbish ……”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth revealed a touch of disdain as the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly flashed with golden light!
Swish!
Only to see the roiling sword qi follow that Mu Kunrong’s fist to collide together!
The loud sound caused the entire ring to tremble!
If it wasn’t for the formation binding it, the aftershocks from this collision could have killed many cultivators!
The void in the ring instantly became chaotic, and the figures of Mu Kunrong and Chen Ping disappeared!
The fight between the two had directly caused the void to collapse.
As the void gradually stabilised, Chen Ping and Mu Kunrong’s figures reappeared in front of the crowd!
Everyone stared with wide eyes, wanting to see who had the upper hand in the strike that had just taken place!
The crowd saw Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Beheading Sword, standing at the same spot with a calm demeanour!
However, when the crowd’s eyes were placed on Mu Kunrong’s body, they were immediately dumbfounded!
Only to see that Mu Kunrong’s right arm had been broken off flush, and blood was still gushing from the broken arm!
Mu Kunrong’s face was hard to see, in addition to anger in his eyes, he was deeply shocked!
The strike he had just made Mu Kunrong instantly realise Chen Ping’s true strength!
He, a Mahayana realm fifth grade cultivator, was chopped off his arm by Chen Ping, a Ferrying realm cultivator, with a single sword strike!
This unheard of thing made Mu Kunrong feel very battered!
“Kid, you really do have some skills!”
Mu Kunrong lost an arm and began to be impressed with Chen Ping!
“It is you who are too rubbish ……” Chen Ping slowly shook his head!
He did not admit that he was capable, but that Mu Kunrong was too rubbish!
“With that sword just now, I wanted your life, there’s no way you can live, so recognise reality.”
“If you kneel down and beg for forgiveness now, and then send me some resources, I can consider not killing you!”
Chen Ping said indifferently to Mu Kunrong!
Chen Ping’s words made Mu Kunrong feel extremely humiliated!
The surrounding crowd, too, had their mouths rounded open, a Ferrying Realm cultivator was now humiliating a Mahayana Realm Fifth Grade cultivator like this, this world had truly changed!
If not for seeing it with their own eyes, no one would believe it!
“Kid, my Mu Family’s heritage of thousands of years, and as the head of the Mu Family, would I do something like that to humiliate my ancestors.”
“Aren’t you very bullish, then I’ll lay down my life to play with you today ……”
Mu Kunrong finished speaking, then squatted on the ground, and with his own blood on the ground, he drew a pattern!
The pattern looked a little strange, like a painting of a hideous monster with a hideous face!
Chen Ping looked at Mu Kunrong’s appearance, he couldn’t help but frown, this guy is not good at this kind of moment, suddenly started to draw, right?
There must be some kind of conspiracy, but Chen Ping just didn’t know it now!
And that Liu chief steward saw Mu Kunrong draw the pattern, immediately full of shock: “Master, don’t never ……”
It could be seen that Chief Steward Liu was very scared!
But Mu Kunrong waved his hand and then knelt down before that pattern.
“Mu Family Ancestor, I summon with my bloodline, please help us!”
Mu Kunrong knelt down respectfully, his mouth still chanting!