Ning Zhi was startled and was about to go out of the warehouse to take a look when he saw the door to the warehouse being kicked open by Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping? You actually found your way here?”
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping in surprise.
“I told you that I would find you if you fled to the ends of the earth!”
Chen Ping looked at that Ning Zhi grimly.
“What about Luo Jinyou? When you ran to the Luo family, didn’t anyone stop you?”
Ning Zhi was a little surprised, why hadn’t Luo Jinyou stopped Chen Ping?
The reason he had come here was to lend a knife to get Luo Jinyou to kill Chen Ping.
But now that Chen Ping had turned up in front of him, and there was no sign of that Luo Jinyou, Ning Zhi was baffled!
“He has already gone to hell, you will see him soon ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, and his eyes were covered with a murderous aura.
“What? You …… you killed Luo Jinyou as well?”
Ning Zhi was a little surprised!
He hadn’t expected Luo Jinyou to be killed by Chen Ping so quickly, at the very least, this was Desolate North, which was Luo Jinyou’s territory.
Moreover, he had also heard that that Luo Jinyou was highly skilled in his arts, so how could he be killed so easily by Chen Ping?
At this moment, Ning Zhi’s eyes were filled with panic as he looked at Chen Ping.
He was thinking about how to escape, facing Chen Ping without an ounce of fighting spirit.
Chen Ping could also see that this fellow Ning Zhi was timid and ready to flee, so he struck first!
He swung a fierce punch towards Ning Zhi, he could not let Ning Zhi escape with the Qiankun Circle.
Ning Zhi did not expect Chen Ping to attack suddenly, which caused Ning Zhi to panic all of a sudden.
He was now only a half-step Martial Marquis, how could he be a match for Chen Ping.
In a panic, Ning Zhi struggled to throw a punch, trying to block Chen Ping.
But to no avail, only to see Ning Zhi’s arm instantly bend strangely.
This was followed by a heavy punch to the chest, and a fist-sized, laughing, bloody hole appeared in Ning Zhi’s chest!
Ning Zhi looked at his chest and his entire body was dumbfounded.
At this moment, however, Ning Zhi felt no pain, which made him somewhat unbelievable.
“Rubbish thing, when strong people fight against each other, they are most afraid of having a cowardly heart, you give me your body now and I will deal with him ……”
In Ning Zhi’s mind, that to old voice rang out.
Before Ning Zhi could react, he only felt dizzy and didn’t know anything.
And at this moment, Ning Zhi, who was standing in front of Chen Ping, suddenly had a wry smile appear on his face!
“Hehehehehe ……” A weird laugh came out of Ning Zhi’s mouth, “That was a pretty good punch, but it won’t kill me at all …… ”
After saying that, Ning Zhi’s body began to change, followed by the fist sized wound, which was healing with the naked eye!
Soon, Ning Zhi’s body recovered as before, the muscles on his body emitted a dark glow, the whole person was like a new body.
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed, his eyes filled with disbelief!
He could truly feel at this moment that Ning Zhi’s body was constantly changing, and it was changing stronger and stronger.
Moreover, Ning Zhi’s entire aura and breath had all changed, becoming completely different.
“What are you?”
Chen Ping asked in a cold voice as he stared deadly into Ning Zhi’s eyes.
“Of course I’m Ning Zhi, haven’t you always wanted to kill me? Then let’s try ……”
The corners of Ning Zhi’s mouth were raised high, and his eyes were deep and terrifying.
Chen Ping hadn’t figured out what was going on, but he had sensed the danger!
The golden light on his body began to flicker as the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, a sheet of golden scales covering Chen Ping’s entire body.
“Hahahaha, the Undying Golden Body, no matter what feats you use to protect your body, your body, will never compare to mine, for mine is the body of immortality ……”
Ning Zhi tilted his head and laughed arrogantly.
Chen Ping did not say anything, in fact, to put it mildly, he was also an immortal body, as long as his YuanYing was not destroyed, he would be able to recover slowly.