………………
On the other side of the mountain range in the middle of the dense forest, Sikong Zhen was still running in the Mercedes with Cai Hongwei on his frame, while Cai Qiannan was looking around vigilantly to prevent any demonic beasts from coming out!
“Little Zhen, where are you taking me?”
Cai Hongwei asked as he looked around, full of confusion!
“Uncle Cai, just follow me, I also know a path that’s safe.”
Sikong Zhen explained!
“You know the road too? It seems like you haven’t been to the Southern Region, right?” Cai Hongwei asked as he looked at Sikong Zhen suspiciously!
“I heard it from a friend, anyway, now that we’ve escaped, it shouldn’t take long for us to run out of this Chilian Mountain Range.”
Sikong Zhen framed Cai Hongwei and said as he walked!
Seeing this, Cai Hongwei didn’t say anything else, but his face was a little less than pretty as he kept surveying the surroundings!
Cai Qiannan, on the other hand, was vigilantly following behind!
And at this moment, not far in front of Cai Hongwei and the others, a group of people were quietly waiting!
One of them, an old man clad in black robes, had a few grim looks in his eyes!
“Elder Fei, I really didn’t expect that after so many years, you and the Palace Master would still be alive and have been living in the Demon Sealing Alliance’s headquarters.”
“Ever since our Soulless Hall was besieged by the Demon Sealing Alliance in conjunction with many cultivators, I fled with a dozen or so people to this Chilian Mountain Range to eke out a living.”
“I was still thinking that one day, I would avenge our Soulless Hall, but I didn’t want you all to still be alive.”
Beside that old man, a man with a scar on his face said!
“Protector Gong, after so many years, you can have this heart, the Palace Master and I are very pleased, back then, we also thought that when we fell into the hands of the Demon Sealing Alliance, we were surely bound to die, but we didn’t want that the Demon Sealing Alliance wasn’t trying to kill us, but rather, they locked us up.”
“In the Demon Sealing Alliance there are a lot of demonic cultivators that are being provided for, working for the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“This time I came here, I was also sent out by the Demon Sealing Alliance to hunt down a fellow named Chen Ping, otherwise I wouldn’t have been able to meet you guys.”
Elder Fei said to the scarred man!
“Who would have thought that the Demon Sealing Alliance, which is the most hostile to our Demon Race, has been following our Demon Race to co-operate behind our backs, it’s really ironic.” Protector Gong sighed!
“It’s enough for you to know about this matter, you absolutely can’t just say anything about it.”
Elder Fei said coldly!
“Don’t worry Elder Fei, I won’t say anything.” Protector Gong hurriedly assured!
“What exactly were you waiting for when you brought me here?” Elder Fei asked!
“Elder Fei doesn’t know, in this Red Training Mountain Range, there are often cultivators passing through to go to the Southern Region, and this time when the news of the discovery of the Divine Demon Battlefield in the Heavenly Demon Mountain spread throughout the Celestial Realm, there are even more people passing through this Red Training Mountain Range.”
“We can sneak up on these people in this Red Training Mountain Range and get some resources, while the one we have to wait for this time is a guy who walks around the Southern Domain all year round, he knows a lot of treasure places, and I heard that there are treasures hidden by him in this Red Training Mountain Range.”
Protector Gong explained!
“How do you know that they must have passed through here?” Elder Fei asked in disbelief!
“Of course I knew, inside their ranks, I had long ago planted people and used the poisonous tent to force these people to flee for their lives individually.”
“In a moment, as long as we capture this Cai Hongwei, we can have him lead us to the location of the treasure.”
Protector Gong said proudly!
“So that’s how it is, it seems like you’ve grown quite a bit over the years, when our Soulless Hall recovers, I’ll report to the Hall Master and recommend you to be honoured as an Elder.” Elder Fei patted that Gong Protector’s shoulder and said!
“Many thanks Elder Fei ……,” Gong Protector had a face of excitement!
Just as they waited, Sikong Zhen had brought Cai Hongwei’s father and daughter closer and closer!
Cai Hongwei looked around, his expression becoming increasingly grave!