“Don’t worry, when that kid is beaten half to death, I’m stepping in to save him, to cure the arrogance in him first!”
Bai Zhantang said indifferently!
After Bai Zhan Tang led his men away, Jiang Zhengde looked at Chen Ping angrily, “Kid, today I will take revenge for my father and brother and restore the prestige of my Jiang family!”
As Jiang Zhengde said that, he was about to attack towards that Chen Ping, but he was stopped by Qin Feng with a stretch of his hand!
Qin Feng looked at Chen Ping with a faint smile on his face, “We meet again, it’s really fate!”
Qin Feng had met Chen Ping once at Gu Ling’er’s parents’ home, he felt at that time that Chen Ping had a strong aura and his strength must be extraordinary, he just didn’t expect that Chen Ping was the one who had killed Jiang Zhengzhong!
“It’s quite a fate!” Chen Ping smiled coldly.
“Tell me, what does that Bai Zhantang want from you? If you can tell me and promise to follow my Qin family, I can get Jiang Zhengde to spare you, and you won’t have to owe the Bai family any favours!”
Qin Feng knew that that Bai Zhan Tang must have wanted something from Chen Ping, otherwise he wouldn’t have followed their Qin family as an enemy just for a Chen Ping, and that something was very precious!
Once Qin Feng’s words fell, that Jiang Zhengde glanced at Qin Feng, but did not say anything, if Qin Feng really gave his word, it was not that he could not spare Chen Ping, after all, he and Jiang Zhengzhong did not have the slightest affection, if Chen Ping did not kill, he would also kill Jiang Zhengzhong, his brother.
He was now looking for Chen Ping to seek revenge, just to use this as an excuse to kill Chen Ping and then take back the reins of the Jiang family, from then on, the Jiang family would be the Qin family’s power in Jiangbei!
“Are you sure about that?” Chen Ping asked as he looked at Qin Feng.
“Of course, who doesn’t know that I, Qin Feng, say one thing and do another!”
Qin Feng patted his chest and said.
At this moment, Bai Zhan Tang’s hands were slightly clenched and his brows were furrowed, he didn’t expect Qin Feng to come up with such a move, if Chen Ping was bought by that Qin family, then it would be a loss for them!
“Alright then, I’ll tell you!” Chen Ping smiled playfully, “That Bai Zhantang wanted to acknowledge me as his godfather, but I didn’t want such a big godson, so I didn’t agree, but he kept pushing hard!”
“If you also want to acknowledge me as your godfather, I can consider it!”
After Chen Ping finished his words, a loud laugh rang out from the people under the stage, and that Bai Zhan Tang’s face instantly turned blue with anger.
On the other hand, that Qin Feng’s face was cold: “You tricked me?”
“What’s wrong with fooling you? I can’t even look at a guy like you who only plays with women and acknowledges me as his godfather!”
Chen Ping sneered disdainfully.
It was obvious that he was referring to the matter of Qin Feng and Gu Ling’er’s withdrawal from marriage with this statement.
“You seek death …………”
Qin Feng gritted his teeth and said to Jiang Zhengde, “Kill him for me and cut him into pieces!”
Jiang Zhengde received Qin Feng’s order and his aura instantly erupted, directly enveloping Chen Ping in it!
“Kid, today I will break you into pieces!”
Jiang Zhengde was like a bloodthirsty beast, staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
“Hmph, how dare you bark at a walking dog? Haven’t you ever heard that a dog that bites doesn’t bark?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, and a burst of terrifying aura radiated from his body as well!
The two auras collided together, instantly blowing up a hurricane!
“Stand back!” Seeing this, Qin Feng immediately leapt to the edge of the ring with his men!
Chen Ping and that Jiang Zhengde stood motionless while a fierce wind swept through the centre of the two!
Soon, there was sweat on Jiang Zhengde’s forehead, while Chen Ping stood with a light face, as if he hadn’t exerted any force at all!
“Is that all you’ve got?” Chen Ping looked at Jiang Zhengde’s face getting worse and worse and sneered, “At this level, you are afraid that you are not even qualified to be a dog!”
“Ahhhhh …… kid, I’ll definitely kill you!”
Jiang Zhengde was already furious, in front of everyone, Chen Ping had repeatedly spoken out against him, he couldn’t take it anymore!