The four men fell to their knees with a poof, unable to lift their heads from the pressure!
Feeling this ma*sive momentum of pressure, the four men had long since P*ssed themselves in fear, their faces a million times more terrified!
They had never felt such a mighty pressure before, so they had no idea what kind of strength it took to emit such a terrifying momentum of mighty pressure.
“Who told you to come and kill me?”
At this moment, Chen Ping slowly rose up and looked down at the four Southern Mountain Masters who were kneeling on the ground and asked.
The four men trembled, but none of them opened their mouths!
In their line of work, it was all about righteousness, not betraying their employers!
Although Chen Ping’s strength scared them, they could not betray their trust!
Seeing that the four did not speak, the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, “Still four hard bones, I want to see how hard your bones are ……”
Chen Ping said, only to see a casual wave of his hand!
Swish …………
A golden light flashed, only to see the oldest three hands of the Four Masters of Nanshan being chopped off in unison!
The bloody severed hands fell to the ground and blood gushed out!
“Ahh …… oooh …………”
Lao San screamed in pain, but just as he made a sound, he was slapped by Chen Ping, only to dislocate his jaw, unable to make a sound at all.
Seeing Chen Ping’s ruthlessness, cold sweat instantly broke out on the foreheads of several other people!
“Friend, today’s matter is the four of us fell, you just have to be noble and let us four brothers go, we four South Mountain Jie will never find you in trouble from now on, and we also guarantee you in the future in the South China area, safe and sound ……”
The boss of the four South Mountain Jiejie followed Chen Ping and said.
“With you guys? Keeping me safe and sound?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but sneer, followed by his body pressure once again surging a few points, several people didn’t even have the qualification to kneel down, and directly fell to the ground.
“Kid, let us go or you won’t be able to leave South China City, report your name if you have the guts ……”
The second of the four Nanshan Jie, who was lying on the ground, roared with wide eyes.
“Yell, looks like you guys still want to get back at me ……”
Chen Ping laughed, “What can I do if I tell you my name, listen carefully, my name is Chen Ping, if you want to seek revenge on me, I am always waiting, only if you few still have the chance to take revenge, it is not certain ……”
After Chen Ping finished, that intimidating momentum disappeared and was replaced by a biting killing intent!
“Chen Ping?”
When the four Southern Mountain Jie heard this, each and every one of them were all stunned, their eyes were wide open and their jaws were about to fall off in shock.
“You …… are the Chen Ping who killed Watanabe Ichiro and accepted the Long Family’s challenge in the Martial Arts Forum?”
The elder of the four Southern Mountain Masters asked in shock.
“You guys know about me?”
Chen Ping did not expect that even in the tiny South China City, someone knew about him!
Once they heard Chen Ping admit it, the four men’s faces turned pale with fear.
“Mr. Chen, your great name, how could we not know it, please spare us, it was that Jin Fusheng who brought us here, we are just getting paid to do our job, please spare Chen’s life ……”
The four men kowtowed to Chen Ping desperately, and the oldest of that Nanshan Four kowtowed the most heavily, no longer having the arrogance they had just had.
“Why did he want to kill us?”
Chen Ping asked.
The oldest shook his head, “Mr. Chen, we don’t know either, this guy often does the killing and crossing the border, maybe you guys are carrying something valuable and Jin Fusheng has taken a fancy to it.”
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood that this Jin Fusheng must have been motivated to kill because of that batch of antiques at the auction.
That was why he was kind enough to send them back on a cruise ship!
Just in time to do it on the cruise ship and then throw them into the sea, without anyone knowing!!!