I don’t know where this Hai Dafu heard that the Polar Regions was the place where the Immortals fell, with a lot of treasures, and that’s why he compelled the five great clans to come!
Patriarch Luo was tempted by the treasures, and with his own strength rising, he had nothing to fear anymore, so he followed along!
“Patriarch Luo, how could I possibly lie to you, our five great clans sent out so many people and travelled a long distance, if I lied, how could I stay in the five great clans in the future!”
“I’ve long heard that all the clan forces in this nearby area have already come to the Polar Region, we should be the latest to enter now.”
“But this Polar Region covers a huge area, if we want to find the exact location where that Immortal fell, I’m afraid it won’t be that easy.”
Hai Dafu hurriedly said!
“Then let’s speed up our pace and try not to clash with people from other sects and families.”
“And also try to avoid demonic cultivators if we encounter them, after all, this is the border of the Southern Domain and there are many demonic cultivators.”
Patriarch Luo instructed the crowd!
The crowd nodded their heads, they were here to find treasure, not to kill people!
As long as there was no conflict of interest, then there was no need to make a move!
Patriarch Luo led the way, scouting ahead, while Hai Dafu was in the back, following Patriarch Yue of the Heavenly Moon Sect, and Patriarch Yang of the Heavenly Sun Sect, exchanging glances!
And when Patriarch Chen of the Tian Chen Sect saw this, he slowly lowered his head as if he didn’t see it, it seemed that this Patriarch Chen was also threatened by a few people!
Hai Dafu had tricked Patriarch Luo into coming here, not for the sake of treasures, but they had already had murderous intentions towards Patriarch Luo!
Patriarch Luo’s elevated realm had given them an even greater sense of crisis!
Originally, they had disagreed with Patriarch Luo over the matter of Chen Ping!
Now that Patriarch Luo had broken through to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm strength, if at that time Patriarch Luo attacked them individually and drove them out of the five great clans, they would be powerless to do anything about it!
Therefore, Hai Dafu wanted to strike first, which was why he tricked Patriarch Luo into coming to the Polar Regions, which were far away from the five great sects’ residences and also very remote!
It was the perfect place to strike at Patriarch Luo!
Tianchen Sect’s Patriarch Chen, who had originally followed Patriarch Luo and stood together, chose to remain silent at this moment!
The reason why Hai Dafu and the others hadn’t made a move on Patriarch Luo yet after entering this polar region was because they also wanted to obtain the treasures of the Immortal’s fall!
As long as the treasure was found and in their hands, it would be the time to make a move against Patriarch Luo!
This was what was called killing two birds with one stone!
Patriarch Luo was still unaware that he was already in danger and was still continuously scouting ahead!
On the other hand, Chen Ping with the Holy Maiden was travelling close to the cracks, and in between, he had killed a few more demonic beasts and harvested quite a few pole stones!
Only, these extreme stones were just a drop in the bucket for the development of the Guanghan Palace!
Right now, Chen Ping and the others had to find an Extreme Stone Mine before they could do so!
This time, Chen Ping walked for almost a day before they reached the end of the rift!
When they saw the end, all of them were slightly relieved!
One had to know that being caught between the rift and that chaotic space, one was constantly on edge!
Falling into the crack was a dead end!
Being sucked into the chaotic space was also a dead end!
Under the shroud of death at any moment, everyone’s heart was under tremendous pressure!
Chen Ping led the crowd away from the chaotic space and the rift and found a cave to rest in, where they could still be comfortable!
“Mr Chen, you’ve been scouting ahead, it’s too hard, you rest, I’ll lead the people to keep watch around!”
Bing Lu said to Chen Ping!
In the past two days, Chen Ping had led the way, it was indeed hard work!
“You guys rest, I’m afraid that if there are any emergencies, you won’t be able to cope!”
Chen Ping said bluntly!
Once Bing Lu heard this, she also stopped saying anything, indeed with their strength and experience, there was no way for them to cope when they encountered something unexpected!