“Where is the person?”
Bai Zhan Tang suddenly noticed that Yin Susu was gone, and was instantly shocked!
Qin Feng looked, and he could not see Yin Susu’s shadow, his face was cold: “Could there be someone else who has short-changed him?”
“Quickly give me chase ……”
Bai Zhan Tang leapt up and went straight after him!
Qin Feng also waved his hand and led his men in close pursuit!
At this moment, Yin Susu was being carried in Chen Ping’s hand, the wind whistling in her ears!
Only when he reached a hidden place did Chen Ping stop and let Yin Susu down!
Yin Susu took advantage of Chen Ping’s unpreparedness and bit him fiercely, then clutched the jade pendant in her hand with both hands and looked at Chen Ping with a nervous expression.
Looking at the clear bite marks on his arm, Chen Ping frowned and said, “I saved you, why did you still bite me?”
“Bah, don’t think I don’t know that you came for the jade pendant in my hand, it’s an ancestral heirloom of my Yin family, I won’t let you get it even if I destroy it!”
Yin Susu looked at Chen Ping angrily and said in a cold voice.
It was true that Chen Ping had followed Yin Susu because of the jade pendant in her hand, but he had no intention of snatching it, and now that Yin Susu had misunderstood him, Chen Ping was somewhat helpless!
“Incomprehensible, you really think the jade pendant you are holding is a treasure!”
Chen Ping dropped a sentence, turned around and walked away, not bothering about that Yin Susu!
Seeing this, Yin Susu froze for a moment, looking at Chen Ping’s back, her whole body was a bit bewildered!
After a while, seeing that Chen Ping was about to walk away, Yin Susu gritted her teeth and chased after him!
“What are you doing following me?”
Chen Ping glanced at Yin Susu and asked without good grace.
“I …………” Yin Susu opened her mouth and finally said weakly, “I’m sorry, I… …I misjudged you!”
“You don’t need to apologize, now that you’re safe, don’t be following me anymore!”
Chen Ping said as he walked!
But Yin Susu kept her head down and still followed Chen Ping, she would go wherever Chen Ping went!
Chen Ping was speechless for a while and stopped his body, “What do you want?”
Yin Susu looked at Chen Ping, “Can you send me back? I’m afraid I’ll run into those people again!”
Yin Susu knew that Chen Ping was definitely not an ordinary person, to be able to save her from Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng without a sound, Chen Ping’s strength must be very strong!
Chen Ping wanted to refuse, but looking at Yin Susu’s pitiful appearance, he sighed helplessly and said, “Where is your home?”
“It’s not far, it’s in the village outside the town!”
Yin Susu said happily when she saw Chen Ping’s promise.
Chen Ping followed Yin Susu towards the outskirts of the town and soon saw a village, but it had long since been uninhabited and the houses were in a state of disrepair, all with a big word demolition written on them, obviously to be demolished!
After finding a slightly better house, Yin Susu went inside, where a candle was lit and a frail, pale middle-aged man was lying inside!
Seeing the middle-aged man’s appearance, Chen Ping frowned slightly, this man was very badly injured, he was afraid that he wouldn’t live for a few days at all.
Hearing the sound, the middle-aged man struggled to open his eyes, upon seeing Yin Susu, he opened his mouth to speak, but just as he opened his mouth, a mouthful of blood spurted out!
“Dad ……”
Seeing this, Yin Susu hurriedly jumped up and wiped the middle-aged man’s blood and took out some black pills from her bosom, intending to let the middle-aged man take them!
Chen Ping reached out and stopped them, then smelled the pills and said to Yin Susu, “Your father’s internal organs are damaged, he can’t take such stimulating pills, although they can temporarily suppress his injuries, they will aggravate the damage to his internal organs.”
Yin Susu looked at Chen Ping in surprise, “You …… you know how to heal?”