At this moment, the martial arts forum was also flooded with news of Chen Ping’s death on various boards!
“This is the third time Chen Ping has died, right?”
“In a short period of time, Chen Ping has died three times, I wonder if it’s true this time.”
“I heard it’s true, almost everyone in the entire Kyoto martial arts community saw it, Chen Ping is trapped at the bottom of the sea, he’s definitely dead.”
“Have you heard, the entire Kyoto martial arts community against Chen Ping alone, the first time I’ve seen such a shameless one.”
“The promised trial, the alliance leader of the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance, Zhu Zhishan, even went there, isn’t this clearly a trap, it seems that the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance hates Chen Ping to the bone.”
For a while, there was a lot of talk, saying everything, but there was a large portion of people who didn’t believe that Chen Ping was really dead.
After all, this was the third time Chen Ping had died, and each time it had been said as if it were true, with pictures to back it up.
What happened in the end?
Chen Ping was still alive and well, so maybe this time too!
Inside the Pill God Valley, after Xiao Ru saw Gu Ling’er and Long Wu, she instantly hugged together and cried!
Xiao Ru had been frozen for months, and both Long Wu and Gu Ling’er felt that they would never be able to see Xiao Ru again in their lifetime, but they didn’t expect to see her again, which made them somewhat unbelievable.
After crying, Long Wu followed Xiao Ru to understand the situation at that time. After hearing that Chen Ping was trapped in the City of Ultimate Bliss, Long Wu’s face was very ugly.
“Uncle Long, I’m sure Chen Ping couldn’t have died just like that, he will definitely be fine ……”
Xiao Ru persuaded to Long Wu.
At this moment, Gu Ling’er, too, was acting surprisingly calm, she always believed in her heart that Chen Ping would definitely be fine.
Chen Ping had encountered danger time and time again, and had been declared dead on the forum just a few times, but each time he had come out unscathed.
This time she was sure that Chen Ping would be fine too.
Time was pa*sing by day by day, and the Martial Alliance had finally struck at the entire martial arts community in Kyoto.
With the huge benefits, many clans and families announced that they were joining the Martial Arts Alliance, and some clans and families hesitated, only to be decimated!
In an instant, the Kyoto martial arts community was in chaos, and in the end most of them joined the Martial Alliance!
Only a few large clans, such as the Dong family and the Ge family, were still fighting against it.
The Martial Dao Alliance also started to target these big families, as well as the Evil Valley and the Pill God Valley, who were closer to Chen Ping, and were ready to take action.
Zhu Zhi Shan wanted to erase all traces of Chen Ping’s existence, and anyone who followed Chen Ping closer became an enemy of the Martial Alliance.
During this period of time, Long Xiao was also making good use of his time to cultivate, and with a large amount of beast pills as resources, Long Xiao’s strength was improving by leaps and bounds.
Ten days had pa*sed in the blink of an eye, and still no one had seen Chen Ping appear, and the crowd had begun to believe that Chen Ping had died.
And the most important festival in Daxia, the Chinese New Year, was slowly approaching!
Many people are starting to prepare for the Chinese New Year.
…………
Extreme Bliss City, inside the palace!
Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, he didn’t know how long he had been unconscious, and even more so, he didn’t know what had happened outside during this time!
Looking inside the palace, he did not see the figure of the mermaid, which made Chen Ping very strange!
Not understanding where that mermaid had gone and why she had spared herself.
“What is this?”
Suddenly, Chen Ping saw the shark pearl on the ground!
This shark pearl was different from the other beast pellets, underneath its lustrous appearance, there was a hint of chaos inside!
Chen Ping took the shark pearl into his hand, and a huge aura instantly a*saulted Chen Ping’s entire body.
“What a terrifying aura ……”
Chen Ping could not help but be shocked.
He found that the spiritual qi emitted from this Shark Pearl was nothing less than that of Duda’s Yuan Ying.
“What the hell is this thing? How could it have such a dense spiritual aura?”
Chen Ping carefully surveyed the shark pearl in front of him.