“Divine beast! It’s actually a Fire Qilin!”
“We’re going to strike it rich! If we can capture it and refine it into pills, we can definitely break through our realms!”
More people were attracted by the Fire Qilin. They turned directions one after another and charged towards this side.
The Fire Qilin roared angrily and spat out a fire dragon. In an instant, it burned the several cultivators rushing at the front into ashes.
It rubbed its head against Chen Ping, its eyes full of affection.
“Fire Qilin, stop them!” Chen Ping said weakly.
The Fire Qilin seemed to understand his words. It turned to face the incoming enemies, opened its huge mouth, and countless fireballs shot out like a meteor shower.
“Boom! Boom! Boom!”
Explosions rose one after another. The charging cultivators were thrown into disarray by the fireballs, temporarily alleviating the crisis.
But this was only temporary. The main forces of the Six Halls of the Divine Palace and the Evil Dao Hall had not yet been deployed. Once they went all out, even with the Fire Qilin’s help, it would be difficult to resist.
The blood-armoured cultivator was in the midst of a fierce battle with Li Chunfeng. Upon seeing the Fire Qilin, a trace of greed flashed in his eyes. “Li Chunfeng, I’ll let you off for today!”
He made a feint and turned to charge towards the Fire Qilin. “The divine beast is mine!”
Li Chunfeng hurriedly chased after him but was blocked by several Divine Palace cultivators. He could only watch helplessly as the blood-armoured cultivator pounced towards Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, die!”
The blood-armoured cultivator struck a palm towards Chen Ping. The blood-coloured light shield carried destructive power.
A trace of despair flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes. He no longer had the strength to resist.
Just then, two aged voices rang out simultaneously.
“Immeasurable Heavenly Venerate, benefactor, stop!”
“Bullying the few with many is too unsightly!”
Two golden lights shot over like meteors and landed precisely on the blood-armoured cultivator’s palm print.
“Boom!”
The blood-armoured cultivator was forced back three steps. He looked at the newcomers with shock and uncertainty.
Two old Daoists appeared in the arena. One held a horsetail whisk and had white hair with a youthful face; the other wore a Daoist robe and had a solemn and dignified appearance.
Behind them followed dozens of Daoists, each with powerful auras.
“Daoist Wuji? Daoist Wuwei?” Chen Ping was both surprised and delighted. “How did you come here?”
Chen Ping did not expect to encounter these two people here.
After the seal in the Celestial Realm was lifted, Daoist Wuji had taken Daoist Wuwei’s divine soul back to the Heavenly Realm. Chen Ping had not seen the two since then.
Unexpectedly, these two appeared at this moment.
Daoist Wuji stroked his beard and smiled. “Chen Ping, your reputation has reached our ears even in the Fifth Heaven. It would be impossible for us not to know about you.”
“Today, upon hearing that there are evil demons causing trouble here, we came specially to eliminate them.”
Daoist Wuwei also smiled faintly. “Chen Ping, the Divine Palace colludes with the demonic path and harms living beings. How could my Thunder Sound Temple sit idly by?”
The blood-armoured cultivator’s face darkened. “You want to interfere?”
“Not at all.” Daoist Wuji looked at Chen Ping. “We are here to lend Chen Ping a hand.”
“Chen Ping is my disciple’s man. I don’t want my disciple to become a widow.”
Upon hearing Daoist Wuji’s words, Ling Xue looked at Chen Ping with a face full of confusion.
She had not heard Chen Ping mention that he had a wife or girlfriend.
Now, a wife suddenly appeared?
Chen Ping glanced at Ling Xue and said, “I’ll explain to you later. Actually, I have many women…”
“As a cultivator, having three wives and four concubines is very normal. No need to make a fuss.”
Mo Chen said from the side!
Chen Ping felt somewhat embarrassed and said nothing more. He did not just have three wives and four concubines; he probably had thirty wives and forty concubines. Chen Ping himself could not quite remember how many women he had!
Some were for transactions and only shared one night, like the two sisters from the Ji family, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling. At that time, Chen Ping was forced by the Ji family ancestor and could only sleep with the two sisters!
To let these two sisters carry his bloodline, there was actually no emotion involved. At that time, Chen Ping was completely like a stud horse.