At the moment, Qiu Yu was in a state of confusion!
He had always thought that Chen Ping was just an ordinary cultivator, but he didn’t expect that he would end up being a demonic cultivator!
But now he had become a Dragon!
This constantly changing identity had given Qiu Yu a state of unreality!
“Quickly, quickly recall the beast pills!”
At this moment, some people snapped out of their shock and shouted loudly!
Just as these people were about to recall the beast pills, they suddenly realised that a huge suction force had struck them, followed by all those beast pills flying towards Chen Ping!
Unsurprisingly, the beast pills all arrived in Chen Ping’s hands and were thrown into his storage bag!
“Beast dan, our beast dan ……”
When Qiu Yu and the others saw this, they were directly angry and wanted to vomit blood!
Without the beast dan, there would be no way for them to be in cultivation, and even if they were swallowing someone else’s beast dan, they would not know how long it would take to fuse it!
“I reminded you, but you didn’t listen, so it’s not my fault!”
Chen Ping collected the beast dan of several people and then said with a faint smile!
This time, Qiu Yu and the others were completely out of temper, with the beast dan gone, their strength plummeted, and now they were even less of a match for Chen Ping!
Looking at Chen Ping’s mocking eyes towards them, Qiu Yu also lost his arrogance!
“If you return the Beast Dan to us, I can pretend that nothing happened and will never trouble you again.”
“I can buy it with Purple Gold Spirit Coins, just name a number for how much you need.”
Qiu Yu began to follow Chen Ping to discuss, wanting to buy back the beast dan!
“You want to buy this Beast Dan?”Chen Ping asked!
“Not bad, as long as you are willing to return the beast dan to us, I can give you the money!”
Qiu Yu nodded!
“Alright, one thousand Violet Gold Spirit Coins for one Beast Dan!”
Chen Ping said!
Qiu Yu was slightly stunned, then said with some incredulity, “Are you telling the truth?”
Although one thousand Purple Gold Spirit Coins was an astronomical figure for an ordinary cultivator, for Qiu Yu, it was a drop in the ocean!
He didn’t expect Chen Ping to open his mouth and only ask for one thousand purple gold spirit coins, it was simply too little!
“Of course it’s true, are you too expensive?”
Chen Ping asked!
“No, no, no, it’s not expensive, I can pay you.”Qiu Yu shook his head repeatedly, then pulled out a storage bag and threw it to Chen Ping, “Here are ten thousand purple gold spirit coins, enough to buy us these beast pills!”
Chen Ping took the storage bag, glanced at it and laughed, “Enough, definitely enough ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping took a few of the beast dans out and threw them to Qiu Yu!
Qiu Yu took the beast dan and was dying of beauty, he didn’t expect Chen Ping, this fool, to return the beast dan to them so painfully.
Not to mention a thousand purple gold spirit coins, even if it was ten thousand purple gold spirit coins, Qiu Yu would have spent it!
After all, without the Beast Pill, all of them would be useless.
After receiving the beast dan, Qiu Yu and the others quickly swallowed it into their stomachs!
Only after the beast dan was in their stomachs did a few people breathe a sigh of relief!
“I hope that I won’t see you again in Beast City!”
Qiu Yu looked at Chen Ping and after saying a slightly threatening sentence, he turned around with the intention of leaving!
“Wait!”Chen Ping said!
“What are you doing?”
Qiu Yu turned around and asked!
“The beast dan was given to you guys, but I didn’t let you guys go ah, that beast dan looks good, if I absorb it, I’m able to increase my strength greatly, so I still want to get the beast dan back!”
Chen Ping said with a slight smile!
“What? Didn’t you already sell the Beast Dan to us, you already took the money.”
Qiu Yu frowned and said!
“Yeah, the Beast Pill was sold to you guys and I took the money, but now I still want the Beast Pill, so I plan on snatching it back!”
“This is also not a conflict ah, I am still more honest ……”
Chen Ping said as he approached towards Qiu Yu and the others!
“You …………”
Qiu Yu was going to be pissed off, how can he still be like this?