Kyoto.
Inside the hutong of the Martial Arts Union once, Chen Ping came here again.
Last time, Chen Ping was brought here by Ning Zhi and met Su Yuqi.
This time, Chen Ping came by himself with the Qiankun Circle, he had to find a way to get Su Yuqi out.
With the Qiankun Circle, a spatial magic weapon, it should not be difficult to get Su Yuqi out.
After taking a look around, Chen Ping found that no one was paying attention, so he took out the Circle of Heaven and Kun and punched Avray into it!
Soon, the Circle shone with a faint light, and then Chen Ping threw it towards the sky!
A black hole appeared in mid-air. Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly leapt up and jumped into the black hole!
With a flash of light, Chen Ping instantly appeared in the dungeon of the Martial Union!
He saw that each room in the dungeon was locked by iron doors, and when he heard any movement, there were people constantly looking out from the iron doors.
Chen Ping did not have time to observe the people inside these dungeons and desperately ran towards the cell at one end, where he knew Su Yuqi was being held.
When Chen Ping ran to the cell where Su Yuqi was being held, he found that Su Yuqi was lying on her side on the bed, and the environment inside the cell was not bad at all.
But even if it was nice, it was still a prison cell and there was no freedom or sunlight!
“Yu Qi ……”
Chen Ping softly was calling out.
Su Yuqi’s delicate body trembled as she hurriedly got up and looked over, when she saw Chen Ping, her whole body directly froze, followed by tears instantly flowing out.
Su Yuqi ran to the door of the cell and went up through the bars and grabbed Chen Ping’s hand tightly.
“Chen Ping, why are you here?”
Su Yuqi asked with an excited look on her face.
“I came to get you out, I don’t want you to be locked up here ……”
Chen Ping said in a rush.
Just as Chen Ping was clutching Su Yuqi’s hand, he suddenly noticed that on Su Yuqi’s arm, it was densely covered with needle holes!
At this moment, Chen Ping froze, looking at Su Yuqi’s arm, his whole body trembling from extreme anger.
He knew what these pinholes represented.
These guys from the Martial Arts Union were the ones who had kept Su Yuqi in captivity and used her as a tool to extract blood.
Looking at Su Ya, tears instantly flowed out of Chen Ping’s eyes, his teeth clenched, he was regretting, regretting why he was incompetent and could not save Su Yuqi earlier.
Looking at Chen Ping who was crying bitterly, Su Yuqi hurriedly reached out and wiped Chen Ping’s tears: “Big man, why are you crying? I’m fine, I’m well fed and well housed, they wouldn’t dare to do anything to me.”
The more Su Yuqi looked like this, the harder it was for Chen Ping!
“Yuqi, move aside, I’ll get you out now ……”
Chen Ping said to Su Yuqi.
He made Su Yuqi step backwards, and then his hands flickered with golden light, all the power of the divine dragon coalescing on top of his hands.
Chen Ping grabbed the railing, and then pushed hard, trying to break the railing!
With this stroke, Chen Ping was able to exert a force of ten thousand jin, but such a great force did not cause any damage to the bars, and the bars did not have a single deformation.
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that the cell must have been enchanted, so he reached out and took out the Dragon Chopper Sword!
The Dragon Chopping Sword was held in Chen Ping’s hand and made a humming sound.
Immediately after a dragon roar, Chen Ping chopped his sword down towards the cell.
Clang …………
A huge boom almost shattered the eardrums, and the entire dungeon hummed!
Flames flew, Chen Ping’s wrist was numb from the shock, but the cell remained unchanged in the slightest!
“This can’t be, it can’t be …………”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hissed, the veins on his neck bulging out, his eyes scarlet!
The entire body’s divine dragon power was mobilized, and the spiritual power within his dantian surged out like a tidal wave.