“Second master, you …… what are you doing?”
Seeing Snow Lotus, Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes went straight, he couldn’t understand what Watanabe Fumikishi was up to!
“You helped me to take revenge, of course I have to repay you, although I lost some people, but that is nothing.”
Watanabe Fumikishi said.
At this moment, Kawaguchi Kazuo was a little ashamed in his heart, after all, he hadn’t been able to kill Chen Ping at all, he had only deceived Watanabe Fumikishi.
But looking at the snow lotus flower in front of him, Kawaguchi Kazuo knew that it was better not to take it for nothing ……
“Then, thank you very much, Second Master.”
Kawaguchi Ichio hurriedly took the snow lotus from that Watanabe Taro’s hand!
Looking at the snow lotus that was as white as snow, Kawaguchi Kazuo couldn’t stop loving it!
Seeing this scene, Watanabe Fumikishi smiled faintly!
“Kawaguchi-kun, I do have one more thing that I would like to ask you for a favour ……”
Watanabe Fumikishi said.
“Please speak, Second Master ……”
At this time, Kawaguchi Kazuo only had snowdrops in his eyes, and he would probably agree to anything Watanabe Fumishi said!
“I want you to bring Yumiko here ……”
Watanabe Fumikishi said.
Once Kawaguchi Kazuo heard this, the excitement on his face instantly disappeared.
Immediately afterwards, he threw the snow lotus back to that Watanabe Taro.
“Second master, I don’t want to get involved in your Watanabe family’s affairs, I still hope you can understand, I still have things to do, goodbye ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said, turned his head and ran away!
Kawaguchi Kazuo wasn’t stupid, he wouldn’t get involved in this kind of big family fight, he knew that in the end, no matter who won, he would end up being a sacrificial lamb!
Seeing Kawaguchi Kazuo running away in fear, Watanabe Fumikishi couldn’t help but curse angrily, “Coward, simply a coward ……”
“Dad, what do we do below? This time I’m afraid it’s going to be difficult to hit that Yumiko in the head ……”
Watanabe Taro asked.
Because of this failure, Watanabe Fumio will definitely tighten the security around Yumiko and won’t even let Yumiko go out anymore!
“Hmph, even without Yumiko as blackmail, I’ll be sitting as the family head this time.”
“Come with me to the ancestral house ……”
Watanabe Fumikishi said with a grim face.
………………
On the outskirts of Saikyo, at the foot of Mount Fuji Snow, there is a simple wooden house, this is the ancestral house of the Watanabe family, and Kazuo Watanabe, who lives here, is the longest standing member of the Watanabe family!
Fumio Watanabe drove here with his men, and looking at the wooden house in front of him, still hundreds of metres apart, Fumio Watanabe got out of his car and started walking.
Although he was the head of the Watanabe family, he still had to show respect and courtesy to his elders.
Walking all the way to the wooden house, Fumio Watanabe knocked gently on the door!
Soon, the door slowly opened and Watanabe Fumio walked in, only to find that there were already quite a few people inside the wooden house at that moment, seemingly discussing something!
This caused Watanabe Fumio’s heart to stutter, for Watanabe Kazuo had long since stopped asking questions about things, and even more so, he would not have allowed so many people to disturb him.
This was a very rare occurrence today, and it was surprising that he, as the head of the Watanabe family, had not been informed!
Seeing that Watanabe Fumio had arrived, many people rose and bowed, after all, as the head of the family, Watanabe Fumio was higher than these people in terms of status!
And the only two who did not rise were the one sitting at the very top, with thinning hair and lost teeth, and the middle-aged man in samurai uniform beside Watanabe Kazuo!
The middle-aged man sat on his knees beside Kazuo Watanabe, a slightly old samurai sword placed in front of him, and although the man’s eyes were full of indifference and disrespect, Watanabe Fumio did not dare to make the slightest complaint!
For this man was Chishikawa, the famous kendo master of Saikyo, a katana that had long since become a masterpiece, and no one knew his true strength!
And Chishikawa has been by Kazuo Watanabe’s side since he was a young man, and has been doing his duty to keep him safe until now!