Xuan Yuan Rong froze for a moment before replying, “Xuan Yuan Kai is my nephew, do you know Xiao Kai?”
“Of course I know him, his arm was cut off by me, how could I not know ……”
Chen Ping was in front and had long heard the conversation between Xuan Yuan Rong and Zhao Wuji and the others, so he knew that this Xuan Yuan Rong was a member of the Xuan Yuan family.
“You …… are that Chen Ping?”
Xuan Yuan Rong looked at Chen Ping in shock.
Chen Ping nodded, “Not bad, your grandfather I am Chen Ping ……”
Seeing Chen Ping’s admission, Xuan Yuan Rong’s face was instantly filled with murderous aura, “Good boy, you cut my nephew’s arm, and you swallowed the Dragon Crystal into your body, today I will avenge my nephew and take out the Dragon Crystal from your body by the way……”
Xuan Yuan Rong said, his aura rising steeply, a fist was about to smash towards Chen Ping.
“Xuan Yuan Rong, what do you want to do? This is the Dharma Protector Pavilion, you can’t just do whatever you want ……”
Zhao Wuji saw that this Xuan Yuan Rong was actually going to make a move against Chen Ping, immediately blocked in front of him and said.
“Zhao Wuji, don’t f*cking pressure me with the Dharma Protection Pavilion, this kid hurt my nephew, today I must take revenge for my nephew, if you don’t want to die, get out of my way ……”
Xuan Yuan Rong did not put Zhao Wuji in his eyes in the slightest and shouted insults.
This made Zhao Wuji’s face full of embarra*sment, but there was nothing he could do, his strength was no match for this Xuan Yuan Rong, even if he made a move, he would be asking for trouble!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you’d better get out of the way, today I just happen to take this Xuan Yuan Rong to set up a demonstration, to save these people under you from disobeying ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Mr. Chen ……” Zhao Wuji looked back at Chen Ping.
“What? Are you afraid that I can’t beat him?” Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“No, no, no, let alone one Xuan Yuan Rong, even two Xuan Yuan Rong are not a match for Mr. Chen, but Mr. Chen finally pay attention to the proportion, don’t make a mess ……”
Zhao Wuji was afraid that Chen Ping would strike hard and kill this Xuan Yuan Rong, and then it would not be easy to handle.
“Don’t worry, I have a measure!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
Chen Ping followed Zhao Wouji’s lead, but he almost P*ssed off Xuan Yuan Rong.
“Zhao Wuji, what the f*ck are you talking about? I’ll settle the score with you after I’ve ruined this kid, how dare you look down on me like that ……”
After Xuan Yuan Rong shouted angrily, he clenched his fist and smashed his fist towards Chen Ping’s chest.
Zhao Wuji hastily dodged out of the way, he knew that Xuan Yuan Rong was no match for Chen Ping, he had watched Chen Ping easily kill that Xiahou Dun and Ni Xidao.
Looking at Xuan Yuan Rong, who was full of anger and smashed his fist over, Chen Ping wore a faint smile on his face and did not even move.
Just as Xuanyuan Rong’s fist touched Chen Ping’s body, it was as if Chen Ping’s body suddenly had an additional protective shield, and a faint golden light flashed across his skin!
Boom …………
A dull sound rang out as Xuanyuan Rong’s fist hit Chen Ping’s body hard, but strangely enough, Chen Ping’s body did not move at all, not even the expression on his face changed in the slightest.
This shocked Xuan Yuan Rong’s heart, and his whole body looked at Chen Ping in shock.
He had to know that this punch of his was powerful enough to crack mountains and rocks, even a car could be pierced with one punch, but this punch hit Chen Ping’s body as if it had hit a hard steel plate.
The tremendous recoil force directly shook Xuan Yuan Rong’s arm, and pain instantly struck his whole body.
Gritting his teeth, Xuan Yuan Rong slowly withdrew his fist, his arm was constantly shaking, but he was trying hard to control it so that no one else could see it.
“What’s going on here? Did that Xuan Yuan Rong not use his strength?”
“This is a Martial Sect’s punch, even a car could easily be punched through, how come this Chen Ping didn’t even move?”
“Could it be that the two people deliberately acted and then gave this Chen Ping’s name a tree of prestige in front of us?”