Now seeing that the Martial Dao Alliance had sent someone, Nie Cheng’s heart was terrified!
“Senior, save me, save me, I was just being expedient and didn’t reveal a single secret of the Martial Dao Alliance.”
Nie Cheng cried out for help to the hunchbacked old man!
“It seems that underneath the black and gold robes, they are all trash, and it is indeed true ……”
The hunchbacked old man snorted coldly!
Immediately afterwards a light shot out from his eyes, Chen Ping saw this and tried to make a move, but found that it was too late!
The light instantly entered Nie Cheng’s mind, followed by Nie Cheng’s head instantly exploding, only to die.
As Chen Ping looked at Nie Cheng, who had died a tragic death in front of him, his aura began to soar!
He knew that this old man was too strong and that he was no match for him!
A ray of divine sense radiated out, and Chen Ping urgently began to summon the Blood Demon!
“With just you, you are not qualified to follow us in a fight at all, if you can submit to us, we can consider releasing your girlfriend.” One second to remember https://m.lqzw.org
“And with the resources in our hands, we can also allow you to quickly raise your cultivation, or else this Golden Dragon True Body of yours, it’s really a pity.”
The old man said with a cold smile as he looked at Chen Ping.
“If you guys are sincere, let my girlfriend go first, and I’ll consider whether to join you or not.”
Chen Ping was deliberately stalling for time for the Blood Demon to arrive.
“Hahahaha, do you take me for a fool?” The old man laughed out loud, “Don’t worry, I will give you time, I want to see what kind of expert you have appeared around you.”
The old man’s words caused Chen Ping to look surprised, so he asked, “Could it be that the formation within that dungeon was set up by you?”
Because only the person who had set up the formation could feel the fluctuations of the formation and know that an expert had moved it around Chen Ping!
“You think too highly of me, that formation is not something I can set up, I also advise you not to waste your efforts, no one will be able to break that formation.”
“There’s no way your girlfriend can be saved by you either, only until her value is gone, maybe she’ll be released.”
“But with a fire spirit body’s flesh and that blood that is comparable to an elixir, it will be almost impossible for you to get your girlfriend out of the dungeon.”
The hunchbacked old man sneered.
Seeing the talk of Su Yuqi, anger rose up in Chen Ping’s body, a golden glow appeared, and the Unbreakable Golden Body began to cover Chen Ping’s entire body!
At the same time the Blood Demon had arrived behind Chen Ping, his face expressionless as he waited for Chen Ping’s command!
Seeing the Blood Demon appear behind Chen Ping, the hunchbacked old man’s eyes instantly flashed with a light!
“I thought which old thing had resurrected, but it was the Blood Demon ……”
When the hunchbacked old man saw the Blood Demon, he instantly sneered, “But with this old thing, do you expect to be invincible in the world?”
When Chen Ping saw that this old man had actually seen the Blood Demon at a glance, his entire body was so surprised that his eyes were about to glare out.
One had to know that this Blood Demon had been dead for thousands of years, how could anyone still recognize it?
Could it be that this old man in front of him was also a monster that had lived for thousands of years?
Seeing Chen Ping’s astonished expression, the hunchbacked old man said, “If this Blood Demon was still alive, I might not be able to escape his slap, but now he is just a physical body that you have trained into a puppet corpse, and with your current level, even if you were able to refine the Blood Demon into a puppet corpse, the control would never last more than seven days.”
“I really thought you had some expert around you, but it turns out that you’re just expecting a dead man to flaunt his power ……”
The hunchbacked old man’s disdain caused Chen Ping’s face to turn extremely ugly!
He really couldn’t understand what kind of person this old man in front of him was, how did he know so much?
“Even for a dead man, it would be as easy as a hand to kill you now.”
Chen Ping urged the Blood Demon to make a move on the hunchbacked old man.