Zhu Zhishan gently ran one hand over the orb, and soon a picture appeared on the orb!
In the image, a man shrouded in black robes sat cross-legged in the middle, while around him, several corpses floated in mid-air.
The black-robed man was closing his eyes slightly, but at this moment he suddenly opened them and raised his head slightly!
“Lord Zhu, what is it that you are looking for me?”
The black-robed man slowly spoke.
“Seven Deadly Star Sovereign, that Chen Ping is still alive, he killed your disciple, don’t you want to seek revenge on him? I can tell you the address now!”
“Don’t send your puppet corpses this time, those thoughtless fellows won’t be able to kill Chen Ping at all!”
Zhu Zhishan said to the black-robed man.
It turned out that this black-robed man was the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign, the sect master of the Blood Corpse Sect.
The man and woman that Chen Ping had killed in Kyoto were disciples of this Seven Deadly Star Sovereign!
“Tell me the address ……”
The Seven Deadly Star Monarch stood up with a scuffle.
And the corpses floating around them all fell to the ground one after another.
“He’s in Southwest Wancheng right now, but he probably won’t be able to stay for long, so you need to speed up!”
Zhu Zhishan said indifferently.
“Humph, even if he escapes to the ends of the earth, I will kill him myself!”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign snorted coldly, followed by a wave of his black robe, and the image disappeared into thin air.
The corners of Zhu Zhishan’s mouth curled up into a smile, then he put the orb into his arms.
“Alliance Master, that Chen Ping has even killed Zhou Tian Yin, you let that Seven Deadly Star Sovereign go and kill Chen Ping, he has that kind of ability?”
The elder beside Zhu Zhishan asked in confusion.
Although this Seven Deadly Star Sovereign was very good at refining corpses, especially in terms of spiritual power, he was not very strong.
He was afraid that it would be very difficult for him to kill Chen Ping!
“I didn’t intend for that Seven Deadly Star Sovereign to be able to kill Chen Ping, now that Chen Ping’s strength is unfathomable, I always need to find someone to explore the way.”
“What’s more, that Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s spiritual attacks are almost unbeatable, as long as he can hurt that Chen Ping a little!”
“We will then go and kill that Chen Ping, naturally it will be easier ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a cold smile.
The elders at the side instantly understood, feeling that this Zhu Zhishan was letting that Seven Deadly Star Sovereign go as cannon fodder.
………………
Red Lotus Palace!
Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min reluctantly saw Chen Ping off in front of the palace gate!
“Brother Chen Ping, will you really come back to see us again?”
Xiao Min asked with her lips bitten to death and her eyes filled with reluctance.
“Of course, I’ll definitely come back sometime ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly.
“But, but we don’t have what you need here either, will you ever come back?”
What Xiao Min was referring to was the cave, and the reason why Chen Ping had come back was because he had run to that cave.
Now that the cave had collapsed and there seemed to be nothing in the entire Red Lotus Palace that Chen Ping was attached to, would Chen Ping still come back?
“If I say I will, I will, when I am back, I will take you all to Kyoto to play ……”
Chen Ping said to Minnie with a look of a*surance.
He had no choice now, he had to go back to Kyoto, now Chen Ping had the power to fight Zhu Zhishan, so he had to go back and follow Zhu Zhishan to understand the grudge and get Su Yuqi out.
Xiao Min stopped talking and instead stretched out her little finger.
When Chen Ping saw this, he smiled, then followed Minnie and pulled the hook!
Ji Ru Xue did not speak the whole time, but with her big, watery eyes, she seemed to have said everything that needed to be said.
Chen Ping could see what Ji Ru Xue wanted to say in her eyes!
After following Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min to say goodbye, Chen Ping followed Hu Ma Zi on his way back to Kyoto!
After leaving the boundary of Wancheng, Pocky Hu stopped in his tracks.
“Master Hu, why aren’t you leaving?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise.