“Father, is there such a legend? How come I haven’t heard of it?”
Zhu Qingyue asked in great confusion!
“In these recent years, this legend has become a lot less, of course you guys haven’t heard of it, you have to know that in the past, our Eastern Region also had quite a few experts, and there were quite a few devil cultivators back then.”
“It’s just that along with the establishment of the Demon Sealing Alliance, the survival of the devil cultivators was greatly threatened, and slowly those devil cultivators disappeared.”
“Legend has it that these people all hid in another world, and there are also people who say that a secret realm was opened up for the devil cultivators to hide in, but no one can say what exactly is going on.”
“Anyway, that Germanium Lu Mountain is very evil, you guys better not go ……”
Zhu Yuanji was still persuading!
“Father, if I don’t go to Germanium Lu Mountain and don’t get the Divine Muscle Grass, I’ll have to live under a mask for the rest of my life.”
Zhu Qingxiu said with some anxiety!
If she couldn’t grasp this opportunity, then she might never be able to remove the mask from her face!
At that time, even if she obtained the Divine Muscle Grass, without a pharmacist like Chen Ping, it would still be useless!
Zhu Yuanji fell silent, not knowing what to say!
“Director Zhu, don’t worry, I will take good care of Miss Zhu, we will come back right after we get the Divine Muscle Herb, there will be no danger.”
Chen Ping said after Zhu Yuanji!
Once Zhu Yuanji heard this, he could only nod his head and agree, he had seen Chen Ping’s ability before, even Qi Heng of the Mahayana realm was killed by a single sword, even if he encountered something, he should be able to cope with it!
Chen Ping took Zhu Qingxiu and Ji Yun with him, then left the Zhu Family Town in a blimp!
The Germanium Locust Mountain was ten thousand miles away from the Zhu Family Town, and this Germanium Locust Mountain was close to the Northern Domain, with a portion of the mountain range stretching to the southernmost tip of the Northern Domain!
But just as Chen Ping and the others were travelling towards Germanium Lu Mountain in their airship, suddenly the sky above Germanium Lu Mountain changed abruptly!
One could only see a white light that seemed to burst out from the mountain, and the entire sky above the Eastern Domain began to become illusory!
Within that light, there seemed to be the sound of jingo and iron horses whistling, as well as the sound of a great battle!
All the cultivators in the Eastern Domain were attracted by this vision!
“Could this be that legendary other world?”
Zhu Qingxiu looked at the heavenly and earthly visions and said in shock!
“Mr Chen, could it be that there are any relics in Mount Germanium Lu?”
Ning Zhi also looked at the vision and asked!
Chen Ping looked at the heaven and earth vision outside through the porthole of the airship, then slowly shook his head and said, “This is not a relic, nor is it another world, this is a battlefield of a divine and demonic war.”
“It seems that this Divine Devil Battlefield has always been sealed, this is the seal being weakened, causing the aura of the Divine Devil Battlefield to be exposed!”
“God-Devil Battlefield? I didn’t realise that there was a God-Devil Battlefield in this desolate place in the Eastern Region ……”
Ji Yun said with some curiosity!
“The Eastern Region wasn’t desolate before, and it only became like this later ……”
Zhu Qingxiu hurriedly explained!
“Let’s go, the aura of this Divine Demon Battlefield has been leaked, it is expected that there will be quite a few people travelling to it, let’s go over and take a look as well ……”
Chen Ping knew that within the Divine Demon Battlefield, there would definitely be many unexpected opportunities and treasures!
Other people would definitely know about it as well, so now that the aura of the Divine Demon Battlefield had leaked, there would definitely be many people rushing over there!
Ji Yun nodded and sped up the blimp towards Germanium Lu Mountain!
At the same time, a hunchbacked old man followed by two sword-wielding demonic cultivators suddenly appeared in the Eastern Domain amidst a white light!
These three people were all from the Demon Sealing Alliance, and after receiving the request for help from Qi Jia Town, the three of them made use of the teleportation array to come to the Eastern Domain!
This teleportation array could only be used by the most awesome organisations like the Demon Sealing Alliance!