“Palace Master, am I going to take these twelve people with me? This …… would not be a bit too many, I’m afraid I won’t be able to take care of them!”
Chen Ping frowned a little!
If it was just one or two people, it would still be easier for Chen Ping to bring along!
But these twelve people, Chen Ping could not take care of them.
If they were in danger, would Chen Ping run by himself, or would he take these people with him?
Chen Ping now had the Fireproof Steps, even if he encountered a strong person at the peak of the Transition Realm, if he wanted to run away, it would not be impossible!
However, if he brought so many people with him, there would be no way to run!
After all, these people were too weak and were only at the sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm!
If they were all peak Transition Realm powerhouses, Chen Ping would be happy to take them with him!
Chen Ping’s words had just fallen, and before the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace could say anything, it was one of the female cultivators who had not been happy to come!
Only to see her face change, her eyes full of anger said “Hmph, big talk, you are only a mere third grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, how dare you say such words, when the time comes, I don’t know who will take care of who.”
“Binglu, shut up ……”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace glared at that female cultivator, which caused that female cultivator to shut her mouth!
Chen Ping also felt that he had spoken a little too much and did not retort!
“Chen, you take them and don’t have to take care of them, if you encounter danger, you can be the first to leave without caring about their deaths.”
“At the end of the day, there will only be one true Holy Maiden of the Guanghan Palace, so some of them are bound to be the ones to be eliminated.”
The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace even said such words in front of these Saint Maidens!
However, none of these Saint Maidens seemed to be surprised, it should be that they all knew their mission and the outcome as well!
“Palace Master, I will do my best to take care of them!”
Chen Ping said with some embarrassment!
“Binglu, for the polar trip the day after tomorrow, you twelve Saint Maidens, you must follow Mr Chen’s arrangements, and if necessary, you must protect Mr Chen’s safety even if you sacrifice yourselves.”
“This Polar Journey concerns the future destiny and development of our Guanghan Palace, as well as your own destinies, the one who has the fastest increase in strength and the greatest contribution from this Polar Journey can become the only Holy Maiden of the Guanghan Palace, while the other Holy Maidens are relegated to the status of ordinary Inner Sect Disciples!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said to that Binglu!
“Palace Master, we …… we still have to protect his safety?”
Bing Lu said with a slight frown!
Just now Chen Ping’s words had long since made this Ice Dew’s heart sick and unhappy, to have them still have to sacrifice themselves to protect Chen Ping’s life, was this not a joke?
What’s more, Chen Ping, a Third Grade Cultivator of the Transition Realm, anywhere in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, was considered a minor cultivator, for fear that the demonic beasts on the way to the Polar Regions would be able to bite him to death!
Letting them work hard to protect Chen Ping was simply adding to the burden!
“You have an opinion?”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master frowned, a chill instantly surging through his body!
“Disciple does not dare!” Bing Lu lowered her head!
However, it was able to be seen that these Saint Maidens all carried defiance in their eyes!
After all, they were all at the sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, and Chen Ping was only at the third rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
The difference in strength was too great!
It was fine to let Chen Ping lead them, but they even had to fight to the death to protect Chen Ping!
This was a bit difficult!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace could also see that these Holy Maidens were not convinced by Chen Ping!
In their view, Chen Ping was nothing more than a small cultivator of the third grade of the Transition Realm!
“You guys should not underestimate Chen’s strength, although he looks like he is only at the third rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, even if all twelve of you Holy Maidens were to join together, you would not be his opponent.”
“Which one of you is confident that you can walk through a single move under Elder Mu?”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master asked in a stern voice!
“Palace Master, that Elder Mu is a peak Ferrying Realm Grand Cultivator, and he is also proficient in Ice Technique, not to mention us alone, even if we were a group of people, I’m afraid that we wouldn’t be able to carry Elder Mu’s Ice Sealing Technique!”
Bing Lu said truthfully!