Boulder Village!
Bill Zhang is dead and the crowd has buried the few villagers he killed!
Peace was restored to the entire Bashi village, but by now, the entire Bashi village had begun to take Chen Ping as their backbone!
After all, their strength was so low that if they encountered someone like Zhang Bei, they would have to wait for death!
But if Bashi Village had Chen Ping around, then it would be different, Chen Ping would be able to protect them and even protect them from the people of Da Qing Village!
“Granny, you just didn’t see it, Brother Chen Ping is awesome, he beat the sh*t out of that Zhang Bei directly.”
“If I had Brother Chen Ping’s skills, I would be able to protect the folks of Dashi Village too!”
Yun’er was following the old lady as she recounted the battle in which Chen Ping followed Zhang Bei!
But after she finished, Yun’er instantly felt that she had said the wrong thing and apologised, “Grandma, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it, I’ll find a way to cure your eyes, although that Zhang Bei is dead, but Brother Chen Ping said he can cure it!”
Yun’er knew that the old lady was blind, but she still said that, she was afraid that the old lady would be angry!
Hearing Yun’er’s words, the granny smiled slightly and stroked Yun’er’s head, “Silly girl, granny is used to it, no one will be able to cure my eyes!”
“Who says no one can cure it? I’ll be able to ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping followed the pillar in!
“Sister Yun’er, I followed Brother Chen Ping to the mountains to collect medicine, Brother Chen Ping taught me a lot of things.”
“See, this is called Bright Eyes Herb, Brother Chen Ping said that this herb is refined into an elixir and it will allow Granny to see things.”
Said Pillar with a dirty body and a backpack on his back!
“Really?” Yun’er was full of excitement as she went forward and took the bright-eyed herb in her hand!
“It’s useless, I have these eyes because ……”
The old woman knew that her eyes had been poisoned and blinded, she couldn’t see well at all!
But before he could finish, Chen Ping said, “Grandma, don’t worry, no matter what your eyes are blind for, I can cure them ……”
“Brother Chen Ping, is what you say true? If you can cure Granny’s eyes, I can do anything you want me to do, I can even …… can ……”
Yun’er looked at Chen Ping and blushed!
Chen Ping patted Yun’er’s head dotingly and said “Silly girl, you are still so young, don’t think blindly, I will definitely cure your grandmother’s eyes.”
Yun’er lowered her head, her face blushing, while the pillar looked at Yun’er with a puzzled face and said, “Sister Yun’er, why are you blushing? What did you just say you could follow Brother Chen Ping for?”
“Damn pillar, shut up ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are doing.
Chen Ping laughed, then took out the Shennong Cauldron and began to have the pillar throw in the Bright Eyes Grass and some other herbs.
Chen Ping’s fingers moved and a spiritual fire burst into flames as he began to make the pills, explaining them to the pillar as he did so!
As the saying goes, it is better to teach a man to fish than to teach him to fish. Although Chen Ping could be here to treat the people of Bashi Village and make pills, Chen Ping would not be here forever!
Now that Pillar was interested in becoming a medicine master, Chen Ping would teach Pillar, and if Pillar became a medicine master, the status of the whole Bashi village would be raised a lot!
Soon, a burst of medicinal fragrance emanated from inside the Shennong Cauldron, and after only an hour, several crystal clear pills appeared inside the Cauldron!
Pillar looked in amazement at the pills that had been made and inwardly became even more outwardly interested in becoming a medicine master!
“Granny, take one of the elixirs and you will be able to see things.”
Chen Ping handed an elixir to the old woman!
The old woman took the elixir and ate it without hesitation, she had great trust in Chen Ping even now!