“Father, I will definitely persevere, if I can succeed in my cleansing, I will make our Ye Family the most powerful family in the entire Southern Region.”
Ye Feng’s body trembled slightly, and he also said excitedly!
It was evident that he had actually waited for this day for a long time!
“Good, father believes in you, you go quickly ……”
Ye Liancheng nodded his head and said!
Only to see Ye Feng with a black cloth bag over his body, he directly jumped into the holy pool!
The tumbling holy pool slowly became calm, soon the black cloth bag floated on the surface of the water and Ye Feng’s body disappeared!
Seeing this scene, Ye Liancheng smiled.
“Great Elder guard the Holy Pool, no one is allowed to enter the Holy Pool before the young master comes out of the water, or else they will be killed on sight ……”
Ye Liancheng ordered to the Grand Elder!
“Yes, sir!” The Grand Elder nodded!
“Ye family master, look at us ……”
Sheng Tiantai saw that Ye Liancheng had finished dealing with it, so he planned to ask Sheng Bushi about his departure!
“Second Master Sheng, let’s go talk in the hall, this is not the place to talk.”
Ye Liancheng led Sheng Tiantai and also Chen Ping as they walked towards the hall!
Sheng Boshi also followed behind, no one was controlling him, but Sheng Boshi didn’t have any desire to escape because he knew that there was no way for him to escape in the Ye family with his skills!
After arriving at the hall, Sheng Tiantai couldn’t wait to say “Ye family master, you see now I can take my elder brother and nephew back, right?”
Ye Liancheng did not say anything, instead someone quickly escorted Sheng Jiayue up!
When Sheng Jia Yue saw Sheng Bushi, he was immediately concerned “Dad, are you alright?”
“I’m fine ……”
When Sheng Bushi saw Sheng Jiaoyue, his eyes were also filled with concern!
After all, it is his own son, Sheng Bushi doesn’t want to see Sheng Jiayue suffer!
Sheng Jiayue saw Sheng Tiantai and Chen Ping, who was transformed into the second elder, and immediately cursed with anger in his eyes, “Sheng Tiantai, you Sheng family traitor, the Sheng family ancestors will never let you go ……”.
Sheng Tian Tai also did not get angry and did not even look at that Sheng Jia Yue!
“Second Master Sheng, you just get abused like this, aren’t you angry at all?”
Ye Liancheng asked as he looked at Sheng Tiantai playfully!
“Not angry, they are all children, as an elder, I don’t get angry with them.”
“Ye family master, I’ll take him back, I’ll just educate him properly when I get to the Sheng family.”
Sheng Tian Tai had a smile on his face, he really wasn’t angry at Sheng Jia Yue’s angry scolding!
“Second Master Sheng, your foundation in the Sheng family is still unstable, if you put your elder brother and your nephew back, they definitely won’t listen to you, when that time comes, won’t the Sheng family be in chaos again?”
Ye Liancheng asked!
Once Sheng Tian Tai heard this, he had a bad feeling in his heart now, so he said “Ye family master, right now the entire Sheng family is under my control, they can’t make waves.”
“Second Master Sheng, I think your elder brother and your nephew, I’d better help you watch over them for a while, when you have stabilised yourself in the Sheng family, you can release them back.”
Ye Liancheng said!
Sheng Tiantai froze, then frowned slightly and said “Ye family master, but you promised me that after breaking the formation, you would let me take my big brother and nephew back.”
“But I don’t want to release them now, so what’s the point?”
“I advise you to quickly go back to the Sheng Family and serve the Demon Sealing Alliance properly, don’t worry about your big brother and your nephew.”
Ye Liancheng even directly played a trick!
Sheng Tian Tai got angry and waited for Ye Lian Cheng “Ye Lian Cheng, what do you mean by this? Falling down a well?”
“I don’t have any meaning, I just want your Sheng family to serve the Demon Sealing Alliance properly, and you will not be spared any favours when the time comes.”
“But if you dare to betray the Demon Sealing Alliance, then I’m afraid your Sheng Family has no need to exist!”
Ye Liancheng’s face turned grim, unexpectedly flipping out directly!