Chen Ping could tell at a glance that these were the Eighteen Luohan brought by Hong Qianjiu!
Hong Qianjiu had taken these eighteen Luohan as a killer, so he had never touched them, which was just a little secret that Hong Qianjiu had reckoned in his own mind!
He thought that after the battle, he would still have a force to fight with!
Now that the two sides were in a stalemate, Hong Qianjiu decided to let the Eighteen Luohans take action and then seize the divine altar!
The eighteen Luohan were all deadly servants of the Hong family, so no matter how powerful the enemy was, they had to attack as long as they were ordered to do so!
Facing the sudden influx of the eighteen Luohan, that devil amba*sador was still full of calmness, his single back behind him, his aura like a rainbow, not taking these people into account at all!
Chen Ping was also a little surprised, it was obvious that this devil amba*sador was very strong, why did Hong Qianjiu still send the eighteen Luohan to their deaths?
But soon, Chen Ping understood!
Only to see that each of these eighteen Luohan had a stern look in their eyes, their Qi and blood surged, and even the clothes on their bodies ripped apart, revealing their sturdy skin!
Self-detonation!
It turned out that these eighteen Luohan planned to explode themselves and use this method to deal with that demon envoy.
Everyone was shocked, to know that these eighteen Luohan were all in the middle and late stages of the Great Martial Marquis!
A self-detonation of such strength was no different from a bomb!
Not to mention the fact that there were so many people blowing themselves up together, that power could be imagined!
“Retreat …………”
Hong Qianjiu bellowed, followed by everyone retreating backwards.
Because of the power brought about by the self-detonation, it was afraid that this entire mountain would be blown flat!
“You guys, retreat quickly …………”
Chen Ping hurriedly yelled at Hu Puzi and the others!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi and Ge Fu Hai and the others also retreated backwards!
“Demon Envoy?”
Ning Zhi looked at the Demon Amba*sador with a shocked expression!
They wouldn’t dare leave without orders!
The Demon Envoy waved his hand, “You guys should also stand down ……”
“But you ……”
Ning Zhi wanted to ask the Demon Envoy if he could resist the self-destruction of these people!
“Don’t worry, just these people, they can’t do anything to me yet ……”
The corners of the Devil’s Messenger’s mouth lifted, his face full of disdain!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi hurriedly led the four black and gold robes backwards!
Soon, under the entire hill, the crowd mostly ran away far away, and only Chen Ping was actually still standing in place, seemingly waiting for something!
Just as those eighteen Luohan were about to rush in front of the Demon Envoy, that Demon Envoy finally moved, only to see that Demon Envoy’s body flicker as he fiercely swung out with a palm!
The two Luohans were instantly blown up high into the air by the huge force of the wind!
Poof …………
In mid-air, the two Luohan’s bodies instantly burst like bombs, blood and flesh flying, the whole sky was filled with the smell of blood, limbs and flesh falling down like rain!
Chen Ping’s body was surrounded by a faint mist, instantly isolating the rain of blood ……
The devil’s palms kept waving, and a hurricane of wind blew the eighteen Luohan out of the room, then exploded in mid-air!
Chen Ping knew that the opportunity had come, that demon envoy had finally left the divine altar!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopper Sword and charged towards the divine altar!
The Zang Long Sword kept emitting a buzzing sound as Chen Ping’s body exploded with endless aura!
“Chop …………”
Chen Ping blasted down, the Zeng Long Sword slashing fiercely at the divine altar!
Only to see the divine altar emit a burst of light, followed by a huge recoil that instantly sent Chen Ping flying straight out!
But the altar was intact, not even a single injury!
Chen Ping was astonished, knowing that his Dragon Cutting Sword was a spiritual sword that could cut iron like mud, but he didn’t know what kind of material this altar was made of, it was so hard and contained so much power!
At this moment, the Demon Envoy had already flickered and returned to the front of the altar, while the eighteen Luohans all exploded in the air, causing no harm to the Demon Envoy!