Qiu Tu froze, wanting to open his mouth to say something, but feeling that killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, he finally closed his mouth and slowly moved away from his body!
That Master Luan also rushed to avoid, they could not possibly make a move with Chen Ping right now for the sake of the youngest sister’s brother!
It could be said that the youngest sister’s brother was not even as good as an ant in their eyes!
“Mr. Qiu, Mr. Qiu ……”
The youngest brother was dumbfounded, rushed to ask for help, but that Qiu Tint did not even look at him!
The youngest brother saw Qiu Tint and Master Luan both abandoned him, fear in his heart like a tidal wave.
He retreated back and forth until he was unable to retreat, leaning his back against a boulder, his face as pale as paper, his eyes filled with despair and panic.
“Brother-in-law, no no no …… Chen …… Chen Ping, you let me go, I …… I was wrong, I should not lay hands on Xiong Ying, and even more so, I should not disregard the love of brother and sister……”
The youngest sister’s brother’s voice trembled, his tone filled with pleading and repentance.
Chen Ping, however, was not moved by this, his eyes were as cold as frost, as if he wanted to freeze the youngest sister’s brother completely.
“Your mistake, not a sentence of wrong can make up for it, what you hurt, is not only Xiong Ying and the youngest sister, but also your own soul and humanity.”
Chen Ping’s voice was cold and cruel, as if the youngest sister’s brother had been sentenced to death!
When the youngest sister’s brother heard this, he was so scared that his legs went limp, and he fell to his knees with a plop!
“Sister, brother wrong, save me, save me ……”
The youngest sister’s brother can only turn to his sister at this moment!
The youngest sister looked at her brother’s appearance from the side, tears slipped down once again, she was both pained by her brother’s evil behavior and scared by Chen Ping’s determination.
She knew that at this moment, no matter how much she begged, she would not be able to change Chen Ping’s decision.
“Chen Ping, I …… am willing to use my life to exchange my brother’s life, I only beg you to give him a chance to change his ways.”
The youngest sister suddenly fell to her knees and folded her hands, her eyes full of prayers.
The youngest sister could not do her brother that kind of desperation and ruthlessness, after all, it was her own brother, the youngest sister had no way to give up!
Chen Ping’s color slightly slowed down, but then firm again.
“Youngest sister, I understand your kindness, but justice and sin cannot be confused by personal feelings. Your brother’s behavior has already touched my bottom line.”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s figure moved, like a ghost appearing in front of the youngest sister’s brother, one hand gently lifted up, lightning flashed in the center of his palm, that was the fatal strike he was about to release.
“No! Don’t! Chen Ping, I was wrong, I was really wrong!”
Brother Youngest Sister shouted in despair, but everything was beyond redemption.
In a flash of lightning, Brother Missy’s body was completely engulfed, leaving behind only burnt clothes and the charred odor that filled the air.
His life, at this moment, completely came to an end.
Chen Ping withdrew his hand and looked at Missy with a complicated gaze, “I hope that this incident will bring you a lesson that the greed and evil thoughts in human nature, once indulged, will drag people into the abyss.”
“Some people, some things can be forgiven, but some people can never be forgiven, you do not blame me ……”
The youngest sister at the moment, only helplessly crying, where is she qualified to blame Chen Ping, this is her own brother to blame!
The aside Qiu Tu and Master Luan, looking at the disappearing brother of the youngest sister, the expression on his face became more and more gloomy!
Chen Ping’s means and strength were impacting their perceptions over and over again!
At this time, the most afraid, is that Qian Yue, he thought that the defection of the Qiu family, you can be rich and famous, brocade clothes and jade food!
But now it seems that everything is wrong!
He regretted that he agreed to cooperate with the Qiu family, and might as well work with Chen Ping to mine the immortal spirit stone!
But regretting now, everything was too late, he didn’t know what results would await him!
Qian Yue put his eyes on Qiu Tintu and Master Luan, he knew that Chen Ping would definitely not let himself go, now he could only turn to these two people for help!