When Chen Ping saw this, he felt very surprised, this was the second time he had heard someone mention the three words Son of Dragon.
There was also this golden dragon that he now surrounded himself with, which Chen Ping could not control at all.
He also never knew when this golden dragon would appear.
“Could it be that his own father was a dragon?”
Suddenly, an absurd thought popped up in Chen Ping’s mind.
When he was on Dragon Lock Island, that incredibly fierce Inferno Dragon had willingly spat out the Dragon Crystal and given it to himself after encountering him.
Was it because he had the dragon’s bloodline inside his body?
“Senior, can you tell me what a child of the dragon is? Could it be that I am the child of a dragon?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at the old man with a longing face.
At that time, he wanted to ask the old man who was trapped within the Demon Subduing Tower, but who knew that the guy had run away without saying anything.
Now Chen Ping had come across another person who spoke of the Dragon’s Son, he could not let it go and must ask for clarification.
The old man smiled lightly, “When it’s your turn to know, you will definitely know, for now think about how to win against me ……”
With that, the old man waved his hand and the giant dragon rose up into the air.
The golden dragon on Chen Ping’s body also let out a dragon roar and took to the air immediately afterwards.
The two dragons instantly tangled together.
Chen Ping’s eyes widened as he stared incredulously at what was happening in front of him.
It was because the scene of these two dragons fighting was simply too shocking.
Even though his current strength was capable of killing an existence at the peak of Martial Sect, it seemed so small and insignificant in front of these two dragons.
Any one of the dragons could slap himself to death with a single claw!
The golden dragon that rushed out from Chen Ping’s body was emitting golden light, each scale shining brightly, just like the scales of Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body that were attached to his body.
The golden dragon let out a dragon whistle, and then both claws came out, directly grabbing that huge dragon of the old man and pressing it to the ground immediately afterwards in a deadly manner.
In the blink of an eye, that huge dragon reverted back to a dragon head walking stick and returned to the old man’s hand.
The golden dragon also hovered above Chen Ping’s head, and finally returned to Chen Ping’s body instantly.
Although the old man was defeated, he was not angry, but had a smile on his face.
“The road to immortality cultivation is long and arduous, in the future, the Three Realms may be guarded by you, the descendants ……”
“This Demon Subduing Tower is for you, I hope that one day you can take it, remove the demons and protect the heavenly beings ……”
“The bloodthirsty aura in your body is too heavy, it is easy to go off the rails and go astray, I have a set of clear heart incantation here, I hope it will be useful to you!”
The old man finished speaking and waved his palm gently.
A soft force instantly enveloped Chen Ping, and immediately afterwards, the Clear Heart Incantation appeared in Chen Ping’s mind.
Chen Ping was surprised, not understanding why this old man was helping him and giving him some kind of clearing mind incantation.
But just when he wanted to ask, he found that the old man had disappeared.
Looking around, Chen Ping still found no sign of the old man and finally put his eyes on the Demon Subduing Tower.
Chen Ping reached out to pick up the Demon Subduing Tower, and the moment he did so, his eyes suddenly went black!
When Chen Ping opened his eyes, he found himself on the top floor of the tower, his whole body collapsed on the ground as if he had had a long dream, and to his right, the Demon Subduing Tower lay silently on the ground.
Chen Ping slowly got up with the Demon Suppressing Tower in his hand, when a rumbling sound began to sound outside.
Immediately afterwards, the whole tower trembled, and Chen Ping knew that the killing formation had been broken.
He put the Demon Subduing Tower into his storage ring and quickly ran towards the tower.
Just after running out of the Demon Subduing Tower, he bumped into Luo Xiang who had already broken the killing formation.
“Is this your intention to run?”
Luo Xiang looked at Chen Ping coldly.
“This place is for you, I won’t earn it with you ……”
Chen Ping lowered his posture, at this time, it was better for him not to follow Luo Xiang and start a conflict.