The Red Cloud Demon Monarch looked down and couldn’t help but heave a smile, it really didn’t look too elegant!
Only to see the Red Cloud Demon Monarch reach out, a disciple of the Ghost Face Sect was grabbed and casually ripped off his clothes with a single tug!
Seeing this scene, the many disciples of the Ghost Face Sect and that Tu Elder were all startled!
They didn’t know what Chen Ping was going to do, why was he still taking off his clothes?
Everyone couldn’t help but tighten their legs!
Chen Ping put his clothes back on and with a slap of his hand, he sent that Ghost Face Sect disciple to meet the King of Hell!
“This will do, I’m going to have a good time ……”
After putting on his clothes, he only saw Chen Ping raise his Dragon Slashing Sword once again and drop it!
Boom click …………
With Chen Ping as the centre, a huge crack steeply appeared in the sky, and in the midst of the huge crack, a pitch-black vortex appeared!
With this sword, it unexpectedly tore through the void and unfolded another heaven and earth!
A grey and dusky aura emerged from that pitch-black vortex!
These grey and dusky auras were all absorbed by the Dragon Slaying Sword, causing the spiritual light on the Dragon Slaying Sword to flourish!
At the same time, the entire surroundings of the Divine Volcano was as if it was plunged into the end of the world, and even the magma river on the side was boiling!
Facing the terrifying sword, all the Ghostface Sect disciples were dumbfounded, even that Elder Tu’s face changed drastically!
It was hard for him to imagine that this sword could have been erupted by a minor cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm.
Especially with that torn void, it was surprising that from another world, there was an aura emerging!
And that breath, was also absorbed by that Dragon Slashing Sword, knowing that not all breaths in the thousands of worlds were suitable for cultivators of the Celestial Realm to cultivate!
If one inhaled that kind of breath that was not suitable for cultivation, instead of being beneficial, it would cause irreversible damage to the body!
Right now, Chen Ping didn’t seem to be worried at all, desperately using the Dragon Slashing Sword, he absorbed that greyish breath!
Soon, after the Dragon Beheading Sword finished absorbing that aura, the sword aura blasted down!
The sword aura that erupted this time was something that everyone had never seen before, it was like a lifeless and dead aura, an aura that had never been seen before in the Celestial Realm!
In the face of Chen Ping’s sword, the many disciples of the Ghost Face Sect began to resist one after another, as a single technique was struck out, and endless black qi formed a shield in front of the crowd!
While there were some others who chose to flee, taking the road and escaping!
Only, the sword fell as if it was the scythe of the God of Death!
That black qi shield was as fragile as glass under this sword, instantly shattering apart!
Those disciples of the Ghost Face Sect screamed miserably one by one, their bodies split apart, emitting a thick smell of blood!
One by one, some of the Ghost Face Sect disciples’ bodies turned into two halves, while others became a puddle of mud!
Others had half of their heads sliced off by the sword, the scene was like a purgatory, brutal and incomparable!
This sword had left more than twenty Ghostface Sect disciples with their heads cut off!
There were also some who managed to escape and suddenly vomited as they looked at the scene before them!
Elder Tu’s entire body was in a state of confusion!
Are you kidding me?
Although these Ghost Face Sect disciples weren’t strong, they were all experts of the Transition Realm!
How could they be chopped down like ants under this sword?
Elder Tu sort of understood at this moment that the Demon Sealing Alliance was not stupid, and was willing to take out a hundred years of offerings to put Chen Ping to death, then it proved that Chen Ping was definitely worth the price!
“It’s too good to be true, I’ll also play with this to fire ……”
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Cutting Sword, and then five different coloured Supreme Fires were lit around his body!
The five types of Supreme Flames jumped in the void!
Elder Tu was once again Avray shocked when he saw this scene!
Chen Ping, a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, actually possessed five types of supreme flames?
This was too outrageous, wasn’t it?
“Don’t be petty when I play with your Divine King Bow!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch actually wanted to take out Chen Ping’s Divine King Bow!