“Don’t worry, even if I leave, I will still instruct General Xing to take care of your siblings.”
“With General Xing’s care, what are you afraid of?”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
“That’s different, if Mr Chen wants me, then I’m Mr Chen’s woman, I believe that General Xing will definitely treat us with respect.”
“But if I’m just Mr Chen’s friend, then the treatment will definitely be different.”
“And I really like you, so you have to have me ……”
Xiong Ying tilted her head, tears in her eyes, and begged at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked down at Xiong Ying’s pitiful appearance, in addition to that stunningly beautiful face, it instantly made Chen Ping unable to hold on!
“Since this is the case, then I will not be polite ……”
Chen Ping picked up Xiong Ying and threw her onto the bed!
A night of spring like peach blossom ……
And outside of Chen Ping’s room, Missy had already burst into tears!
For Chen Ping, she actually couldn’t say she liked it, she was more grateful to Chen Ping!
But women are like this, with a strong desire to win or lose!
She was with Chen Ping, stayed a night, but Chen Ping did not move her a bit!
But following that Xiong Ying, Chen Ping is like a hungry tiger!
The youngest sister admitted that her own appearance is not as good as Xiong Ying, but Chen Ping is so thick and thin, also let the youngest sister heart is not very comfortable!
Especially if Chen Ping left, how should she go in the future?
Her own brother also died, she had no one to turn to, in the end how to do?
A few moments later, the youngest sister wiped away her tears, and a touch of determination appeared in her eyes.
“No matter where you go, whether you want me or not, I will follow you ……”
The youngest sister absolutely followed Chen Ping, no matter where Chen Ping went, she followed!
Anyway, she was alone, not afraid of anything!
After thinking it through, Missy turned around and returned to her room!
When Chen Ping opened the door, the youngest sister was no longer inside the courtyard, so he did not know that the youngest sister was outside the whole night listening!
After finding Xing Daorong, Chen Ping followed Xing Daorong to the prison!
With the criminal Daorong following them, they entered the prison without any problems, then Chen Ping came under the ancient tree, and then accompanied by his hands caressing the ancient tree, his divine sense entered into the space of the ancient tree!
This time, the conversation following the city lord was surprisingly extraordinarily pleasant, and it was not known if that city lord had already investigated Chen Ping, anyway, he was courteous to Chen Ping!
And the City Lord was also willing to hand over the position of City Lord to Hind Daorong, and the entire Beast City would be under Hind Daorong’s control, while his only request was to keep the ancient tree!
Chen Ping also agreed to the city lord’s request, and if Interdao Rong became the city lord, then the entire Beast City would become Chen Ping’s power!
Leaving from the Ancient Tree Space, Chen Ping told the City Lord’s words to Interdao Rong, which caused Interdao Rong to almost die laughing!
On that day, a City Lord’s order spread throughout the entire Beast City!
The City Lord, who had not been seen for many years, had unexpectedly issued a City Lord Order at this time!
The City Lord’s Order was to give the City Lord’s position to Hind Daorong, Yan Shuangying was also shocked when he saw this City Lord’s Order, but this was the City Lord’s intention, so he didn’t dare to fart!
After taking care of everything, Chen Ping planned to leave Beast City, and got the compass-like magic treasure for leaving Beast City from Criminal Daorong.
With this thing, Chen Ping would be able to freely enter and exit the Beast City, at that time, when Chen Ping entered the Beast City, he was also brought in by that hidden old man with this kind of thing!
After saying goodbye after following Interdiction Daorong, Chen Ping followed Xiong Kuang’s siblings to say goodbye, and when he wanted to find the youngest sister to say goodbye, he found that he could not find that youngest sister’s silhouette!
Chen Ping didn’t care too much about it, and then left Xing Mansion and walked out of the Beast City, but just after he left the Beast City not much farther, he felt that someone was following him behind him!
Chen Ping’s brows frowned slightly, he could not imagine who would dare to follow him at this time.
“Who is following me, come out ……”
Chen Ping stopped and said in a cold voice!