When Chen Ping and the others arrived!
They found that Ouyang Zhenhua and the others were also there, and all of them were enveloped under that halo of light!
Only then did Chen Ping realise that the halo was actually emanating from within a dark cave entrance!
Seeing this hole, Chen Ping’s heart jumped violently!
He didn’t know if this was the cave that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had spoken of.
Now that the crowd was gathered in the middle of the cave entrance, no one dared to go in, after all, no one dared to try this kind of unknown cave!
One must know that the first person to walk inside would bear all the risks!
These people could all be here for the treasures, no one was willing to be the first to take the risk of being that leader!
“Senior, that cave you’re talking about, is it this one? There won’t be any danger inside, right?”
Chen Ping asked to that Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Right now, Chen Ping did not dare to enter rashly.
“How would I know, all that to say that I only recall that much, I can’t recall the rest.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch shook his head and said!
“Since you can’t recall, then I’ll take the risk of going in, if I really run into danger and I die, you’ll be finished with me.”
Chen Ping said!
When the Red Cloud Demon Monarch heard this, he hurriedly said “Don’t be anxious, I’m thinking about it, I might be able to remember some of it.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord frowned, thinking desperately!
It was evident that he was working very hard!
A moment later, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch let out a sigh of relief and said, “There is no danger within the cave, but whether or not there will be danger when entering within that Wuji Sacred Sect, I don’t know.”
“Wuji Sacred Sect? Are you saying that within that chaotic land, there really is a sect called the Wuji Sacred Sect?”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
“Yes, that Wuji Sacred Sect is also considered to be a great sect in the Heavenly Realm, I don’t know how it came to be in this chaotic land of the Celestial Realm, perhaps this Celestial Realm was all created by this Wuji Sacred Sect.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said slowly！
Chen Ping was inwardly surprised when he heard，A clan that can create a world like the Celestial Realm.，It’s so huge and awesome.！ <br>
You know, a cultivator who creates a secret realm is very good at it.！
This is creating a world!
Chen Ping was now filled with longing for the Wuji Holy Sect!
With the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping took a step towards the inside of the cave
！
“Mr Chen ……”
Bing Lu and the girls were startled and rushed forward to pull Chen Ping!
Since a halo of light was emerging from within this cave, it proved that this was not an ordinary cave!
It might be dangerous inside!
It would be dangerous to walk in blindly like this!
“Don’t worry, it’s fine, you guys follow me at the back, just leave a certain distance!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
He knew that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would not lie to him!
Seeing this, Bing Lu could only loosen Chen Ping up and nodded!
Chen Ping then walked directly into the cave, and a moment later Bing Lu and the girls followed him in!
“Family Master, what do we do?”
The clan member asked to Ouyang Zhenhua!
Ouyang Zhenhua pondered for a moment before he waved his hand and said “Follow in and see what is in this cave.”
Along with Ouyang Zhenhua and the others entering, the other cultivators also no longer hesitated and all followed them in!
Inside the cave, it was pitch black, while Chen Ping lit up the fire in his palm to illuminate the surroundings!
Chen Ping himself didn’t know how long he had been walking, there really wasn’t any danger, it was just an ordinary cave!
However, along with more and more in-depth, inside the cave there is slowly a trace of light!
As if not far ahead, should be the exit!
Chen Ping accelerated his steps, when he really walked to the exit of the cave, the whole person was directly shocked!
Only to see a vast land in front of him, with countless buildings towering over it!
Only that many of them had collapsed and were in disrepair!
And at the very front, there was a half-collapsed mountain gate, with only a few stone pillars that were white in colour left towering!