Although he didn’t open his eyes, it was as if Chen Ping saw it!
Bai Zhan Tang hurriedly turned back to his senses and concentrated on driving!
“Senior, I see that you are the life of a magnificent nobleman, while this guy has short ears and is obviously an orphan life, why are you still so afraid of him?”
Shen Mengchen asked, somewhat puzzled.
But as soon as Shen Mengchen’s words left her mouth, she only felt the air in the whole car instantly freeze and a cold air was forced upon her!
Only to see Chen Ping open his eyes and was turning his head to look at himself, Chen Ping’s eyes carried an endless chill that made Shen Mengchen instantly shut her mouth and tremble slightly!
When Chen Ping withdrew his gaze and leaned back into his seat, the temperature in the car then picked up a bit!
This time, Shen Mengchen stopped chattering and her eyes peeked at Chen Ping with some panic!
The car was still speeding along, but after a short distance, they saw Xu Shimao’s cars pull up at the roadside, and some people got out to eat and smoke!
When he saw Chen Ping’s car coming, Xu Shimao walked over to them and said with a gloomy face, “What are you doing? You’ve been waiting for half a day, do you know that time is precious? I’m not as free as you young lords, I’m on a tight schedule, if I didn’t have orders, I wouldn’t be waiting for you!”
Xu Shimao gave Chen Ping and Bai Zhan Tang a reprimand!
Chen Ping ignored him, and Bai Zhan Tang also frowned slightly and didn’t pay any attention to Xu Shimao, Bai Zhan Tang knew that this guy was like that and didn’t want to get into a conflict with him!
And Shen Mengchen, who was sitting in the back row, rolled down the car window: “How can you talk like that? They were delayed to save me, if you have something to say to me.”
Seeing that there was suddenly another girl behind him, Xu Shimao gave Shen Mengchen a slight glance before continuing to speak to Chen Ping and Bai Zhan Tang, “We have to get to Baihai City before it gets dark, let’s go now!”
After Xu Shimao finished speaking, he turned around and intended to leave, but Shen Mengchen called out to him, “Wait a minute!”
“What’s the matter?” Xu Shimao asked with a cold face.
“I advise you to rest here for half an hour before you leave, I see that your seal is dark, it is a great omen of evil, there is a bloodbath ……”
Shen Mengchen said to Xu Shimao.
“What a load of nonsense!” Xu Shimao frowned, his face vaguely angry, but because Shen Mengchen was a girl, Xu Shimao didn’t get angry!
Xu Shimao would not stop for half an hour because of Shen Mengchen’s words, he did not believe in that, in Xu Shimao’s eyes, he only believed in strength!
“Hmph, this guy won’t listen to me, sooner or later he will be unlucky!”
Shen Mengchen snorted coldly!
“Schoolmate, did you just play around, or did you really mean what you said?” Bai Zhan Tang asked.
“Of course it’s true, if you don’t believe me, then just wait and see!”
As Shen Mengchen finished speaking, she only heard a sudden violent crashing sound in front of her!
Bam …………
Only to see a lorry coming down from the top of the Panshan Road, and because the brakes failed, it instantly crashed into the car Xu Shimao was riding in.
The huge impact only saw to knock the car Xu Shimao was riding in far away and then stopped on the edge of the cliff!
It was so close that the car fell off the cliff, and that would have been hopeless.
“Crap, that’s so accurate …………”
Someone like Bai Zhantang, who was a flamboyant gentleman with a deep upbringing, at this point, his eyes widened and he burst out a foul mouth!
Shen Mengchen, on the other hand, smiled faintly, “See, wasn’t what I said accurate?”
Chen Ping directly opened the car door and walked down, at this time those of the Guardian Pavilion whose let people, had already dragged Xu Shimao good driver out of the car!
Although there was no danger to their lives, both of them had many cuts and blood flowing from their bodies!