A greedy glint erupted from Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes!
“Boy, you really do have a lot of treasures on you ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo leapt forward, then his katana cut a lotus flower in the air!
The lotus flower instantly enlarged and enveloped towards Chen Ping!
Kawaguchi Kazuo didn’t dare to follow Chen Ping in a hard fight, he was afraid of breaking Chen Ping’s sword that cut the dragon.
He was afraid that he might break Chen Ping’s sword, for he knew that a sword with a spirit was a priceless treasure!
Chen Ping felt something coming from behind him and instinctively waved his hand back, and a sword aura instantly shot out!
But the sharp sword mane pierced through the lotus flower and did not do any damage to it!
Soon, Chen Ping’s entire body was enveloped by that lotus flower!
“Hmph, brat, keep running if you dare ……”
When Kawaguchi Kazuo saw that he had Chen Ping under control, he coldly snorted and said. The first website https://m.lqzw.org
Chen Ping ignored him, but held the Dragon Chopper Sword in his hand, and a greyish glow began to emit from above the Dragon Chopper Sword!
Chen Ping then ruthlessly chopped his sword towards that lotus flower, but the sword aura instantly penetrated and did not cause any damage to that lotus flower!
Chen Ping frowned, he did not understand what this lotus flower that had trapped him inside was, why his sword mane could not cause any damage to that lotus flower at all.
“Haha, you don’t need to waste your efforts, this lotus is originally an illusory thing, no matter how much force you put into it, you simply can’t break it.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo laughed loudly!
Kawaguchi Kazuo walked up to Chen Ping and looked at him coldly, “Hand over the beast pellet and the sword in your hand, and I might consider it and let you live ……”
Chen Ping stared at Kawaguchi Kazuo: “Is what you say true?”
“Of course, I’m true to my word, as long as you hand over what I want, I will definitely let you go ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo a*sured.
“Alright then, I’ll give you the item ……”
Chen Ping said and threw the Dragon Cutting Sword to Kawaguchi Kazuo!
When Kawaguchi Kazuo saw this, he couldn’t say how excited he was in his heart, and immediately picked up the Chopper Sword!
When Kazuo Kawaguchi held the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, he suddenly felt a thick blood aura from the sword body of the Dragon Cutting Sword, and a scene of horrible and bloody scenes kept flashing in his mind.
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s heart was shocked and he hurriedly threw the Dragon Chopper Sword to the ground!
“What about the beast elixir? Hand over the beast elixir to me as well ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said to Chen Ping.
“Will you let me go if I give you the beast elixir?”
Chen Ping confirmed again.
“Yes, I will definitely let you go!”
Kawaguchi Kazuo nodded his head.
Chen Ping hesitated for a moment, but finally put his hand in his pocket and pulled out the beast elixir!
“You must keep your word ……”
Chen Ping said again.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure I’ll keep my word, so hurry up and give me the beast elixir ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo was getting a little impatient!
Chen Ping took the beast elixir and slowly extended his hand forward!
Seeing this, Kawaguchi Kazuo hurriedly reached out to take it!
But just as he was about to get the beast elixir, Chen Ping suddenly retracted his hand, followed by opening his mouth and swallowing the beast elixir!
“You b*****d, you thought I would really give it to you ……”
Chen Ping laughed!
Kawaguchi Kazuo instantly roared in anger, “Kid, you dare to trick me ……”
Just as Kawaguchi Kazuo was about to make a move against Chen Ping, the Dragon Cutting Sword that was thrown on the ground suddenly flew up on its own, and then viciously stabbed towards Kawaguchi Kazuo from behind!
Kazuo Kawaguchi felt a chill in his back and turned around to block the attack of the sword!
And at that moment, Chen Ping clenched his fist and swung it out towards that lotus!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
This time, Chen Ping did not use his spiritual power, but smashed down fiercely with pure power!
Boom ……
Under the Holy Light Fist, that lotus flower instantly crumbled into nothingness!