“Mom, I’m fine!”
Chen Ping said as he squeezed out a smile!
Sitting at the table, the family ate their meal, no one spoke, the atmosphere became a bit strange!
Chen Ping was afraid that his parents would see that he was different, so he hurriedly ate two bites and left saying that he was full!
Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo looked at each other, and both of them sighed heavily.
“What’s supposed to come, sooner or later, is going to come!”
Chen Baoguo sighed softly.
“All these years, I have long treated Chen Ping as my own, long forgotten that he was picked up, why, why that Chen Baoqiang has to talk nonsense …………”
Tang Hongying said, her eyes slightly red: “Now Chen Ping is heavily preoccupied, it seems that it can’t be hidden!”
“Chen Ping is older, it’s time for us to tell him, he should also have the right to know his birth, we can’t be too selfish!”
Chen Baoguo said as he sat next to Tang Hongying and gently put his arm around her shoulders.
“But I’m scared, scared that Chen Ping will leave us when he finds out and go to his real parents, I can’t live without him in my world now ……”
Tang Hongying has sat as a mother for more than twenty years, and to suddenly leave her without a child all of a sudden is more than she can bear!
“Whether he looks for his real parents or not, it’s better to let him decide for himself, even if Chen Ping is gone, I’ll still be around to keep you company, we’ll walk through the rest of our time together ……”
Chen Baoguo tried his best to comfort Tang Hongying, using the most fleshy words he could say!
Tang Hongying nestled on Chen Baoguo’s shoulder, tears slipping down her face!
After an unknown amount of time, Tang Hongying got up, wiped her tears and said to Chen Baoguo, “Go and call Chen Ping out!”
Chen Baoguo nodded and walked to the bedroom and knocked on Chen Ping’s room door!
“Chen Ping, come out for a moment, your mother and I have something to talk to you about!”
Chen Baoguo said, and left!
And inside the room, Chen Ping’s heart thudded, he seemed to be able to guess what his parents were going to say to him!
He didn’t want to admit that he was a foundling, but inside he wanted to know who his real parents were!
After hesitating for a while, Chen Ping walked out!
At this moment, Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo were already sitting on the sofa, neither of them was talking, the atmosphere was a bit depressing, in front of Tang Hongying, there was also a very delicate small wooden box, the box was only palm-sized!
“Dad, Mom …………”
Chen Ping shouted towards Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying!
“Sit down!” Chen Baoguo told Chen Ping to sit down, and then took two sharp puffs of his cigarette and said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, you’re not young anymore, so there are some things that you should be told!”
At this point, Chen Baoguo stopped speaking and instead looked to Tang Hongying at the side, while Tang Hongying was dodging her gaze, she didn’t want to follow Chen Ping herself either!
Neither of them wanted to speak up, so they were at a standstill!
“Dad, mum, no matter what it is, you will always be my mum and dad, and I will never leave you, I will give you old age and I will give you big fat grandchildren ……”
Chen Ping said, directly to Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying kneeled down!
Tang Hongying couldn’t help it, her tears flowed out again in a wow, she hurriedly went forward and helped Chen Ping up, hugging him tightly: “Good boy, good boy ……”
“Mom, don’t cry, no matter if I am your own son or not, you will always be my mother, you raised me up little by little over the years, I still remember when I was five years old, you carried me to the doctor at night in the pouring rain!”
Chen Ping helped Tang Hongying wipe her tears!
The first time I saw you, I was very happy to see you. ………”