Qi Peijia and the others also quickly reached the halfway point of the mountain peak!
At this moment, Fire Phoenix and the girls were all anxiously waiting for Chen Ping and the others, and surprisingly, they did not notice it in the slightest!
It wasn’t until Qi Peijia and the others were already close at hand that Fire Phoenix and the others sensed that someone was coming!
The moment Fire Phoenix saw Qi Peijia, her entire body directly froze!
And that Qi Peijia was also stunned when he saw Fire Phoenix!
He had given the Fire Phoenix a poison pill, but now the Fire Phoenix appeared here properly, so that proved that the Fire Phoenix was not in the least bit alright!
After recalling the scene where Fire Phoenix greeted the Three Emperors and Four Kings at that time, Qi Peijia began to drum inside at that moment.
“The Sheng Family’s people are actually here as well ……”
Zou Qi didn’t recognise Fire Phoenix and Bai Shao, but at a glance, he saw Sheng Jiahui and Sheng Jiayue!
The Sheng family’s eldest lady and male son, Zou Qi still knew them!
After all, in this Southern Region, the Sheng Family was relatively famous for their formation and talisman arts!
And Zou Qi was also quite knowledgeable about formations and talismanic arts, so he was still familiar with the Sheng family!
“Sheng Family?” Qi Peijia frowned “Is that the Sheng family that knows about formations and charms?”
Qi Peijia asked!
“Yes, those two are the Sheng family’s eldest miss and son, both of them are here, then the Sheng family’s head, Sheng Bushi, must have entered here as well!”
Zou Qi said as he pointed at Sheng Jiahui and Sheng Jiayue!
“Then do you recognise the two next to them?”
Qi Peijia asked to Zou Qi!
Qi Peijia asked about Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow, but Zou Qi shook his head!
The Fire Phoenix at this moment, was also very nervous inside, the strength of this Qi Peijia fellow, she was also very clear, now only Bai Shallow was there, if they wanted to deal with Qi Peijia, it was almost impossible!
Not to mention that this guy had been chasing after Chen Ping, this would be troublesome if he knew that Chen Ping was right here!
Bai Shao stared at Qi Peijia, her heart was also a little shocked, she didn’t expect that Qi Peijia was not very old, but had actually reached the eighth rank of the Transitional Tribulation Realm!
“This guy is the one who is going after master, we must not let him know that master is here.”
Fire Phoenix whispered to Bai Shao!
As soon as Bai Shallow heard this, her expression became a little tense!
She knew that Chen Ping had been so obedient these past few days, serving her comfortably every day, just to draw on her strength!
But Bai Shallow didn’t expect that the guy who was chasing Chen Ping was so strong, if this was a fight, she would not be a match at all!
For a while, the two parties just quietly looked at each other, neither one opening their mouths first!
Qi Peijia was also tensing up inside at the moment, especially since there was also a Bai Shao, a seventh grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm, beside Fire Phoenix!
If those few Beast Race experts from some time ago were there, Qi Peijia knew that he would only be able to run for his life!
He really couldn’t figure out how Fire Phoenix, a person who hadn’t even reached the Transition Realm, could make these Transition Realm 7th Grade Great Cultivators respectful?
“Gang master, this Sheng family appeared here, maybe they have already found something, I think we should first make a move to control these two people from the Sheng family, so that we can later force the Sheng family to use them for us.”
“There will definitely still be formations on top of this mountain peak, it’s just the right time to let this Sheng family take the lead and serve as cannon fodder ……”
Zou Qi wanted Qi Peijia to make a move and capture Sheng Jiahui and Sheng Jiayue, and then use the two to control the entire Sheng Family before using them to make the Sheng Family open the way in front!
In that case, their Heavenly Underworld Gang wouldn’t be dying, after all, they had lost several gang members along the way!
“No hands allowed ……”
When Qi Peijia heard this, he was so scared that his body trembled slightly, and he sternly shouted to stop!
“Gangmaster, there are many of us, are we still afraid of them?”
Zou Qi was very puzzled!
“Shut up!” Qi Peijia glared fiercely at Zou Qi, scaring Zou Qi so much that he didn’t dare to speak anymore!
Just after a few moments of silence between the two parties, Qi Peijia then slowly backed up and then headed towards the top of the mountain!