Chen Ping knew that the responsibility on his shoulders was getting bigger and bigger!
He could only do so by working desperately hard!
“Chen Ping, don’t believe what my master said just now, just take it as a joke.”
Lin Keting said to Chen Ping!
“Miss Lin, I, Chen Ping, speak with one word, and since I said it, I must do it.”
“I’m already your man now, if you have needs, you can look for me at any time, and I will definitely satisfy you as well.”
Chen Ping said with a righteous face!
Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu on the side looked at Chen Ping’s righteous look and could not help but feel very amused!
This kind of thing could still be said with such a righteous face, Chen Ping was really thick-skinned!
He still let other girls take the initiative to look for him?
Lin Keting was also amused by Chen Ping’s appearance, and after blankly glancing at Chen Ping, she turned around and walked outside!
However, after this period of contact, Lin Keting did have a good feeling towards Chen Ping!
Otherwise, just by Chen Ping’s words of satisfying you, she would have been scolded by Lin Keting long ago!
Being said that by a man you don’t like is called molestation!
Being said that by a man you like is called flirting!
The current Chen Ping belonged to the latter category!
Lin Ke Ting inwardly liked Chen Ping a little!
………………
Outside the Divine Demon Battlefield!
The Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder, following the Heavenly Luo Heavenly Fury were still fighting!
The Heavenly Luo Heavenly Fury was running while fighting, while the Left Blind Elder was desperately chasing after him, he had to come out with this evil anger to be able to do so!
Although the Right Blind Elder tried his best to stop him, it didn’t help!
Without realising it, they had long since moved away from Germanium Lu Mountain!
When Lin Ke Ting and the others came out of the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, they didn’t find the figures of the Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder!
There were only the corpses of those guards with swords, lying coldly around!
Lin Keting’s face became very ugly!
She was aware of the strength of the Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder!
There were also these guards with swords, although they only had the strength of the Ferrying Realm, but each one of them was incredibly loyal, and the strength of these guards working together was not to be underestimated!
“Just what kind of people are they? Dare to kill my people?”
Lin Keting’s face was already did to the extreme!
“Let’s go, go find your people, your men have too much of a temper, they might have to suffer.”
Chen Ping said to Lin Keting!
Lin Keting’s figure instantly leapt up and headed in the direction of the Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder!
Chen Ping and the few of them followed closely behind!
“Stop ……”
Lin Keting quickly caught up with the Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder, and seeing that the two were in the middle of a melee with someone, she shouted out!
Seeing Lin Keting come out, the two all stopped fighting!
And that Heavenly Luo Heavenly Fiend was sweating profusely and took the opportunity to catch his breath!
They had already sent out a signal for help, and believed that it wouldn’t take long for their Patriarch to bring someone!
Now all they needed to do was to delay a little!
“What’s going on?”Lin Ke Ting asked as she looked towards Elder Left Blind!
After all, it was Elder Left Blind who was guarding outside in the beginning, he definitely knew the cause of the incident!
“Missy, these two guys didn’t give the spirit stones and wanted to go in, I didn’t let them, so they fought.”
Elder Left Blind said!
Lin Keting knew that Elder Left Blind’s temper, it was probably this mouth that caused trouble again!
“Fellow Daoists, why did you clash with my people and kill my side guards?”
Lin Ke Ting asked to Tian Luo Tian Fu!
“I, the Demon Sealing Alliance, never have a reason for killing people, let me tell you, our Patriarch will be here soon.”
“Now kneel down and apologise, I can still let you guys get lost, otherwise you’ll die an ugly death in a while!”
Tian Luo said to Lin Keting!
Lin Keting’s face turned cold, “People from the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
“Not bad, we are the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance, since you know about the Demon Sealing Alliance, you should definitely know how powerful our Demon Sealing Alliance is.”
Tian Luo said condescendingly!
“Kill the two of them, I’m most annoyed with the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance!”Lin Keting said with a flash of murderous aura in her eyes!