Seeing this, Chen Ping couldn’t help but frown, he could see that this guy wanted to detonate the Heaven Swallowing Gourd in his hand!
“Quickly retreat ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly pulled Luo Xi, wanting to take Luo Xi away!
However, it was already too late, that Heaven Swallowing Gourd was emitting ten thousand spiritual lights and was already on the verge of exploding!
Chen Ping could only unleash his Unbreakable Golden Body, a layer of golden light protecting in front of his body, and then protect Luo Xi to death!
Boom …………
The Heaven Swallowing Gourd exploded, and that power was comparable to an aerial bomb!
In an instant, those scattered weapons on the ground, like darts, were blown in all directions, the earth crumbled, and the spell formation that Chen Ping had laid down instantly disappeared!
The heavenly air wave directly sent Chen Ping flying out, fortunately, with the Unbreakable Golden Body protecting his body, coupled with the strength of Chen Ping’s physical body, he did not suffer from the Chamber!
Luo Xi, who was protected by Chen Ping, also did not suffer any harm, but was only sent flying far away, appearing to be in a very sorry state!
But those other members of the Skywolf Sect were miserable, being lifted out by the airwaves of this explosion, directly killing and injuring many people, only a few gasping for breath, but also suffered serious injuries!
It had to be said that that green clothed middle-aged man was ruthless enough, in order to let Chen Ping be buried with him, in order to prevent Chen Ping from obtaining the Heaven Swallowing Gourd, he even disregarded those of his senior brothers!
If Chen Ping did not have the Unbreakable Golden Body to protect his body, coupled with a strong physical body, that explosion just now would probably have been fatal!
“Miss Luo, are you alright?”
Chen Ping asked to Luo Xi!
“I’m fine, thank you Mr Chen, if it wasn’t for you protecting me in front, I’m afraid I would have died long ago.”
Luo Xi knew that without Chen Ping, she would have died long ago!
“It’s good to be fine!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and quickly ran back!
He wanted to see how the spirit beast egg was doing, if the spirit beast egg was affected by this explosion, it would be a pity!
When Chen Ping went back, the scene had long been a mess, a huge deep pit on the ground, and heaps of weapons had been scattered far away!
There were even some weapons that directly turned into powder and disappeared without a trace!
As for that green-clothed middle-aged man, he had directly become air, and there was not even a crumb left!
However, when Chen Ping looked at the spirit beast egg, he found that the spirit beast egg was as good as new, and had not even moved a bit, it was simply heavenly magical!
To know the power of the explosion just now, even if it was the eighth grade cultivator of the Transitional Realm, it would have to be blown away a long way, but a spirit beast egg, it was even untouched!
Chen Ping went forward and wanted to pick up the spirit beast egg to check it out, but thinking of the seven-coloured haze that emanated from the spirit beast egg as soon as he touched it, Chen Ping stopped and didn’t dare to move his hand!
If at this time in attracting people with bad intentions, Chen Ping was afraid that he would not even be able to cope with it.
Following that green-clothed middle-aged man in battle, Chen Ping had almost exhausted his strength and was now in dire need of recovery!
With a thought, Chen Ping loaded that Spirit Beast Egg directly into his storage ring!
Anyway, this place could not be stayed in, and all those weapons were blown to pieces, the originally rich immortal qi did not exist anymore, so Chen Ping did not have the need to stay any longer!
Luo Xi followed at this time, looking at the scene with great fear!
Without Chen Ping, she did not know what would have happened to her!
“Mr Chen, we’d better leave, the sound of the explosion just now will probably attract quite a few people over.”
Luo Xi reminded Chen Ping!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded and prepared to leave with Luo Xi!
“Help, help …………”
Several members of the Skywolf Sect who were seriously injured and not dead were calling for help!
Chen Ping glanced at the several severely injured members of the Skywolf Sect, then at Luo Xi, before walking aside alone!
He knew what Luo Xi was going to do next, so he did not want to pressure Luo Xi from the side!
After Chen Ping stepped aside, Luo Xi walked over to those Skywolf Sect members with rage in his eyes!