As for these people of the Demon Sealing Alliance, all they had in their eyes was profit, and if the Demon Sealing Alliance really was to be destroyed that day, it was expected that many people would leave the Demon Sealing Alliance in droves!
Xiao Yuanshan looked at the Tenth Highness and without too much nonsense, he slammed his fist over!
This punch contained the hopes and anger of over a hundred thousand generals!
The Tenth Highness no longer dared to be careless, and the long sword in his hand was swung out violently!
Over a hundred thousand generals, without hesitation, cut off their own heads and sacrificed their divine souls, a level of shock that made him, a towering Divine Race, feel a sense of oppression!
One must know that the Divine Race was the noblest race, and no matter which race was nobler than the Divine Race!
The human race in particular was the most disdained by the divine race!
This was also the reason why the Tenth Highness was teasing the enemy when he clearly had the ability to kill them with a single move!
He wanted to take pleasure from teasing these people and enjoy that feeling of being above the rest!
But at this moment, that teasing attitude and feeling was no longer present in his heart!
He only felt as if his heart was being oppressed!
Boom!
The heavens and earth were chaotic and seemed to merge into one!
The entire Imperial City turned into ashes under the aftermath, and the corpses of more than a hundred thousand generals also disappeared instantly in the aftermath, turning into dust that merged into the entire universe!
The long sword in the hands of the Tenth Highness crumbled, and the entire person instantly withdrew backward for hundreds of miles!
Xiao Yuanshan did not have the slightest bit of excitement on his face as he took another step!
There seemed to be countless rays of light in the heavens and earth, as if they were fireflies, surrounding Xiao Yuanshan!
Xiao Yuanshan knew that this was the dust that over a hundred thousand generals had turned into!
He was not fighting alone!
Boom!
Xiao Yuanshan swung out another fist, which directly caused the entire void to twist and distort.
Seeing this, the Tenth Highness’s eyes slightly condensed, and a ball of golden light lit up in his palm, and soon that golden light once again transformed into a long sword!
This long knife was almost exactly the same as the one used by the Tenth Highness just now, and the only difference was that in the centre of this long knife, there was a golden light constantly wandering around!
The Tenth Highness grasped this long knife and chopped down with a vicious chop!
Boom!
This blade fell down fiercely and collided with Xiao Yuanshan’s fist wind!
The collision of the two terrifying forces caused a feared force to erupt in all directions between the chaos of heaven and earth!
A thousand metre deep pit even appeared above the ground, as if it was the mouth of an abyss, devouring everything!
Everyone in the surroundings were all sent flying by this terrifying force!
They flew a hundred miles away before they were able to stabilise themselves!
Everyone looked on in bewilderment, this terrifying power was too frightening.
Xiao Yuanshan and the Tenth Highness were in the centre of the Imperial City, facing each other from afar, both of them emanating a terrifying power!
While the others were hiding far away, no one in dared to approach!
Even Zuo Tianzheng was shocked, that punch just now, if it was him, he would definitely not be able to catch it, Xiao Yuanshan who had absorbed the divine souls of more than a hundred thousand generals, his strength had taken a qualitative leap!
“Even after absorbing over a hundred thousand divine souls, you are nothing more than that, I’ll kill you today and avoid the mental torment behind you!”
The Tenth Highness looked at the sword in his hand and said with a faint smile!
“I can die, but I have to take you with me before I die, I have to give an explanation to these hundred thousand generals of mine.”
Xiao Yuan Shan’s eyes were filled with killing intent!
“An explanation?”The Tenth Highness sneered, “You deserve it too!”
After saying that, he only saw the Tenth Highness swing the long sword in his hand fiercely towards Xiao Yuanshan!
Xiao Yuanshan did not dodge, countless divine soul powers were used from within him, following those white rays of light in the sky and earth to merge!
Each white ray was the life of a general!
These white awns condensed into a huge fist that blasted towards the Tenth Highness!
This strike was the strike of over a hundred thousand generals!
Boom!
The two forces erupted, and countless sword awns and divine soul forces stirred between the heavens and earth!
Even the crowd, who had already retreated a hundred miles away, once again sensed the danger and had no choice but to retreat backwards once again!