Hu Pazi looked at Chen Ping, a moment of speechlessness, if Chen Ping really worshiped the old man in front of him as his master, then wouldn’t he be his own ancestor ……
“Good, since you are willing, then step into the sect, others do not wait to barge in ……”
As soon as the old man finished speaking, his figure disappeared from mid-air!
Chen Ping looked at the pitch-black look inside the sect’s gate and said to Hu Ma Zi, “Master Hu, you guys wait here, I’ll go in and take a look ……”
“Chen Ping, you have to be careful!”
Pocky Hu admonished.
Chen Ping nodded, and then took a step inside the sect’s gate!
After Chen Ping stepped into the clan gate, the space behind him fluctuated for a moment, and then the entire figure disappeared!
After Chen Ping stepped in, the darkness in front of him disappeared, and what followed was a palace that towered into the clouds, and a peaceful and busy scene!
Only to see that everyone here was dressed as a talisman master, and the talismans in the sky were flying randomly, except that these people didn’t seem to be able to see Chen Ping at all!
“Could this be the period when the Heavenly Rune Sect was flourishing?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but mutter to himself!
Just as Chen Ping was dazed, the old man suddenly appeared in front of Chen Ping and said to him, “Follow me ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head and followed the old man into the great hall that towered over the clouds!
He then stopped in front of a statue, and then the old man recited the words, and the statue flashed three times.
Only then did the old man look at Chen Ping and said, “To enter my Heavenly Talisman Sect, you need to have no distracting thoughts in your mind and a good heart and a strong will, now I am going to enter your body, so relax yourself and let go of all your divine sense!”
Chen Ping did not hesitate, he closed his eyes and opened all his divine sense, waiting for the old man to examine him!
Soon, the old man turned into a ray of light and instantly entered Chen Ping’s body!
The old man had just entered Chen Ping’s body, and the divine thoughts kept wandering around, but when they reached Chen Ping’s mind, a sudden burst of golden light shone, and then a golden dragon instantly circled up and opened its bloody mouth towards the old man!
The golden dragon’s eyes were like lanterns, and its eyes were full of arrogance as it looked down on the old man from above!
The old man’s face turned pale, and his divine thoughts kept retreating as he hurriedly withdrew from Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping opened his eyes and found that by now the old man was already drenched in sweat and his eyes were filled with fear!
“Senior, can you finish checking?”
Chen Ping asked.
The old man didn’t say a word, and it was only after a good half a day that he slowed down.
“You are the true body of the Golden Dragon, the son of the Heavenly Dragon, it was me who took the liberty, please forgive me ……”
With that, the old man actually knelt down for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was astonished and hurriedly helped the old man up.
“Senior, many people say this about me, can you tell me who my father is? Is it a dragon?”
Chen Ping immediately asked when he saw that the old man also said that he was the son of a dragon.
When the old man saw Chen Ping asking this, he was curious, “You don’t know who your father is?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “Since I was born, I have never seen my own biological parents ……”
Upon hearing this, the old man was silent for a moment and said, “This might be the will of heaven, the revival of spiritual energy, the heavenly catastrophe will appear again, perhaps you are the one who stirred up this catastrophe!”
“It would be an honor for our Heavenly Talisman Sect to be able to teach you our talismanic arts ……”
Hearing the old man’s words, Chen Ping became even more puzzled, he wanted to ask further, but the old man smiled faintly and his entire body emitted light!
The next thing you know, the old man’s body slowly disintegrated and turned into a rune, which entered Chen Ping’s body at a rapid pace!
Chen Ping only felt a sharp pain in his brain, and then a rune spell continuously started flashing!
Chen Ping hurriedly sat on his knees, digesting the huge rune spell!
At this moment, the aura on Chen Ping’s body was growing by leaps and bounds!