Chen Ping wrapped his clothes around his body and coldly looked at that Huo Dong!
The old Sect Master, on the other hand, was full of excitement as he said, “Hahaha, this kid is really gifted, he’s at the fifth rank of the Transition Realm, but that aura doesn’t seem to be any worse than that Huo Dong’s, so it’s no wonder that he refuses to run for his life!”
“Now that formation has also been easily broken, if he wants to leave, who can stop him?”
“Indeed quite impressive ……,” Zhu Ling looked at Chen Ping with tenderness in her eyes!
“Daughter, such a good man is not easy to find in the entire Celestial Realm, you have to grasp it yourself!”
The old Sect Master said to Zhu Ling!
“Father, in fact, I was already his person long ago ……”
Zhu Ling blushed!
“What?”The old Sect Master froze and sized up Zhu Ling, “Could it be that you have already slept with that Chen Ping?”
“Not yet, but he had already seen me through, and it’s impossible for me to be looking for another man.”
Zhu Ling now recalled the moment when she was looked at naked by Chen Ping, surprisingly, she was very excited inside!
“Haha, it seems that this is God’s way of setting things up, I’m relieved that you’ve found such a good man!”
The old Sect Master laughed out loud!
Chen Ping at this time did not even know that the old Sect Master’s father and daughter had fixed his lifelong matters while they were talking!
“Do you still have the means? If not, then I won’t play with you anymore!”
Chen Ping sneered at that Huo Dong!
Huo Dong’s face at this moment was uglier than eating sh*t!
Originally, he had thought that he had broken through the Transitional Tribulation and had risen to the Mahayana Realm, and that dealing with Chen Ping would simply be a piece of cake!
But now, Chen Ping had only risen to the fifth rank of the Transition Realm, and no matter whether it was that thunderbolt or the divine light emanating from behind, it was all much stronger than him!
The current Huo Dong had long since lost the confidence he had just had!
However, he would not admit defeat easily, after all, this kind of large realm gap, if Huo Dong admitted defeat, then he would not want to mix in the Celestial Realm in the future!
“I have many means ……”
Huo Dong erupted with a black aura, which at this time was clearly much stronger than the Qi of Breakthrough!
The breakthrough of a great realm could be a geometric increase in strength!
The black aura condensed into a long sharp blade, then slashed down towards Chen Ping!
Huo Dong erupted with his full strength!
“Go to hell ……”
Huo Dong roared with a fierce expression!
He was already a Mahayana Realm cultivator, yet he was being bullied by a Fifth Grade of the Transition Realm, and in front of so many people, it was too much of a loss of face!
The long black blade cut through the void as Huo Dong’s Mahayana Realm cultivation exploded at this moment!
Because there was no more blockage from the formation, this terrifying blade directly filled the entire sky above the Purple Flame Sect with a mighty momentum!
Many of the Purple Flame Sect disciples with low strength could not withstand it and dodged towards the distance.
The old Sect Master and that Huo Yuan Ting struck out at the same time, forming a shield to resist the terrifying pressure!
“Father, Junior Brother he …………”
Zhu Ling felt that slash from Huo Dong and became a little worried!
“Don’t worry, Chen Ping will be fine.”The old Sect Master had already had a good idea at this point!
When that terrifying slash arrived in front of Chen Ping, Chen Ping however exuded a cold laugh!
Only a flash of white light was seen, and no one saw how Chen Ping struck!
However, the long blade that was condensed by the black mist dissipated in an instant!
“You …………” Huo Dong was astonished when he saw that Chen Ping had broken his strike so easily!
At this moment, Huo Dong’s face changed drastically as a sense of crisis surged through him!
This was his strongest strike that he had erupted, but Chen Ping had broken it so easily!
“Son, retreat, quickly retreat ……”
Huo Yuan Ting also saw the problem at the same time and hurriedly said loudly!
Huo Dong’s body retreated rapidly, without the blockage of the formation, Huo Dong’s body was like a meteor vanishing towards the distance!
Poof!
But Chen Ping struck, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand came out in a smooth manner, that one sword aura was extremely fast!