“Forget it if you don’t tell me, I don’t have time to chat with you this time!”
Chen Ping did not intend to follow Lin Keting in the chat, this guy was too mysterious!
“Don’t ah, I ……”
“Missy, the Imperial City will be here soon ……”
Chen Ping’s ears rang with that Right Blind Elder’s voice, then the voice disconnected!
“Miss Lin, Miss Lin ……”
Chen Ping called out twice, but Lin Keting did not reflect anymore!
“That’s really strange ……” Chen Ping frowned slightly, he really didn’t understand how in the world this Lin Ke Ting had contacted him!
“Kid, that little girl’s background isn’t simple, she left a contract mark on you a long time ago, you are already her person.”
“She can know your movements anytime, anywhere, and is also able to contact you!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke at this moment!
“Contract Seal? When did this happen, how come I don’t know?”
Chen Ping had confused, how come he didn’t remember that Lin Ke Ting had left a mark on his body.
“She secretly left it on her body when you were carrying her.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he recalled that when he was carrying Lin Keting in the Divine Demon Battlefield, it was indeed a bit suspicious!
He had only been carrying him for a while when Lin Keting said that she was better and then didn’t need to be carried anymore!
It seemed like this little girl had been premeditating for a long time.
“Where is the mark? I need to erase it.”Chen Ping searched for the imprint, he didn’t want to be watched by that Lin Keting wherever he went.
“No need to look for it, you won’t be able to erase it even if you find it, resign yourself to your fate, you won’t be able to escape that little girl in the future.”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said gloatingly.
Chen Ping was speechless and could only sigh, but soon he remembered that he had just called out to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch with no response, and immediately questioned, “Senior, just now when we were in danger, how could I call out to you and you ignored me? Is it that you are also afraid?”
“I’m afraid of a bird, in this Celestial Realm, where else would there be someone that old me is afraid of.”
“I just don’t want to give you kid the chance to save the beauty heroically.”
“You kid was born as a polygamist, so many women pay for you, old me cultivated for tens of thousands of years, and never had a dual cultivation mate.”
“How much time have I been here in your Sea of Consciousness, how many have you brats played with, so damn unfair!”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he cried and laughed, this Red Cloud Demon Monarch, looking at the number of women around himself, envious and jealous ……
Chen Ping was not saying anything, but was seriously searching for the Divine Muscle Grass!
…………
Sun Moon City!
This is the Lin family’s imperial city, this city is flooded and magnificent, the area is extremely vast, surrounded by the city wall towering into the clouds, if hidden as the immortal city!
Moreover, in the sky above this imperial city, the sun and the moon shone in the sky at the same time, and there were countless purple auras floating around!
Such a wide city, and covering a huge area, if it was in the Celestial Realm, it would be impossible for it not to be known!
But this Sun Moon City, amongst the many cultivators in the Celestial Realm, very few people knew about it!
Because although this Sun Moon City was in the Celestial Realm, it was not located in the same void, the entire Sun Moon City was in another dimension!
So even if one travelled all over the Celestial Realm, one would not find the existence of Sun Moon City.
Sun Moon City was originally a city in the Celestial Realm as well, except that before the God-Devil War, the Lin Family Patriarch spent a thousand years of spiritual veins to make Sun Moon City enter another space-time dimension, which prevented the catastrophe of Sun Moon City.
Now that thousands of years had passed, the Celestial Realm had begun to prosper again after the God-Devil War, and Sun Moon City had begun to follow the Celestial Realm again!
The Left Blind Elder and Right Blind Elder beside Lin Keting used to be demonic cultivators from the Celestial Realm!
It was only because of the capture of the Demon Sealing Alliance that the two ran around and were saved by Daoist Wuji, which led to their appearance in Sun Moon City.