“Patriarch Ngok, where is that rocky hill?”
Chen Ping asked.
Yue Buqun pointed to a place not far away and said, “It is over there, but in order to prevent people from entering the Stone Gang by mistake, our three sects and six schools have jointly laid down a taboo, now that side is a forbidden area and cannot be entered anymore!”
Chen Ping nodded, and although he didn’t go there, his divine sense spread out instantly, wanting to investigate!
But just as he was about to reach the rocky outcrop, a golden light suddenly flashed and Chen Ping’s consciousness was instantly cut off!
Chen Ping’s body swayed and almost fell over!
Chen Ping’s mental power was so strong that even a worldly expert like Yue Buqun could not withstand his consciousness!
But such a strong divine sense was cut off in an instant, which was a bit surprising to Chen Ping!
“If your divine sense penetrates the taboo, then the three sects and six schools of the Hidden World will become a laughing stock.”
Looking at Chen Ping’s son, Bao Yu Kun laughed loudly!
Yue Buqun also advised Chen Ping, “Brother Chen, this taboo cannot be broken even by us old men, unless we join hands with the three sects.”
“Alright, don’t talk to him so much, now that you’ve seen Regeneration Spring, isn’t it time for us to talk about the conditions?”
Bao Yu Kun said.
“Okay, go ahead, what do you want?”
Chen Ping nodded and asked.
“It’s not what I want, it’s what you can give. You must know that those so-called elixirs and resources possessed by those martial arts families outside your realm are rubbish in my eyes.”
“Now let’s see if you can come up with something to make my heart flutter ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services.
The herbs of the Medicine Refining Sect are not comparable to those of other martial arts families.
Chen Ping frowned and pondered. He was thinking about what he could offer to make Pao Yukun’s heart flutter!
After thinking for a moment, Chen Ping opened his mouth and said, “I can exchange the dan recipe for ……”
“A potion?” Pao Yukun was stunned, then laughed out loud, “Are you kidding me? You know that I am the Patriarch of the Pill Refining Sect, and the pill recipes possessed by my Pill Refining Sect are the most complete and highest in the entire martial arts world.”
“You’re telling me now that you want to trade for a potion recipe? I know that there’s a place called the Medicine God’s Valley in Kyoto, which is said to be very famous for its ability to cure diseases and make pills.”
“But that Medicine God Valley is nothing compared to my Medicine Refining Clan.
“Our Pill Refining Sect’s pill masters, dan masters, are the most powerful existences ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market.
Looking at Pao Yukun like that, Chen Ping said with a calm face, “I am the Grain Master of the Pill God Grain that you said is not even a fart ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market. But do you seem to be looking down on us, the Pill Refining Clan, for offering to exchange the formula?”
He felt that Chen Ping was looking down on them and thought that the Pill Refining Sect’s recipe was not as high cla*s as the Pill God’s Valley, so he had made such an exchange offer!
But before Chen Ping could explain, there was a sudden, violent explosion that attracted the attention of all three men!
“What’s going on?”
Yue Buqun looked at the direction of the explosion, which was coming from the Pill Refining Sect.
The next thing he knew, his face turned ugly and he was rushing towards the Pill Refining Clan in an instant!