“What is this thing?” Xu Changsheng looked at the scene in front of him and said with some trepidation.
Seeing this, Chen Ping fiercely reached out his hand towards the black mist condensed orb in the hands of the Pill God Valley Master and grabbed it.
When Chen Ping’s hand touched the orb, he instantly felt a huge power emanating from inside the orb. This Pill God Valley Master was compressing the emitted fierce Qi, and then when it reached a certain critical point, a shocking change would occur.
At that time, not to mention the few of them, the entire Pill God Valley would have to suffer along with them.
With his Heart Condensation Technique running, Chen Ping’s palm instantly turned into a hoover and began to suck the continuously condensing Fierce Qi from the orb into his body.
The Pill God Valley Master was startled, his eyes carrying incredulity.
“You …… how do you know the Star Absorbing Technique?” The voice of the Pill God Valley Master carried a hint of trembling.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but quickly sucked in the fierce Qi from the Pill God Valley Master’s body, and the orb that the fierce Qi had condensed was shrinking at a speed visible to the naked eye.
Although Xu Changsheng had suspected that Chen Ping knew the Star Absorbing Technique, this time he was really seeing it with his own eyes.
The Star Absorbing Technique was the most evil technique, and now Chen Ping knew the Star Absorbing Technique, didn’t that prove that Chen Ping was also an evil cultivator?
Just as the few elders were shocked, the Pill God Valley Master felt the power within his body draining away rapidly, and his frightened body hurriedly retreated, trying to get rid of Chen Ping.
“Quickly control him ……”
Chen Ping shouted anxiously.
Xu Changsheng and several of the elders were stunned and did not make the first move, they were now beginning to doubt Chen Ping’s identity as well.
“Do it, we can’t let him get away ……” Chen Ping shouted once again increasing his volume.
Xu Changsheng gritted his teeth and reached out to press his hand on the Pill God Valley Master’s shoulder, controlling the Pill God Valley Master who wanted to escape.
When several other elders saw Xu Changsheng make his move, they followed suit and took control of the Pill God Valley Master.
The Pill God Valley Master struggled and hissed loudly, “You traitors, I am the valley master, I am the Pill God Valley Master …………”
Gradually the Pill God Valley Master became hideous and his body was shrinking down, and the strength of his struggle was getting lower and lower.
After ten minutes, the Pill God Valley Master’s body had nearly doubled in size, leaving only a skeleton, his eyes wide open and devoid of life.
Only then did Chen Ping let go of his hand, and several of the elders also let go of their hands at the same time.
With a poof, the Pill God Valley Master’s body fell down, and immediately afterwards, a turquoise pill rolled out from the Pill God Valley Master’s body.
The pill emitted a fragrance of freshness and was beautifully green.
“What is this?” Chen Ping picked up the pill.
“Hui Tian Dan, this is Hui Tian Dan ……” Xu Changsheng said when he saw the pill, “Brother Chen, if your friend takes this Hui Tian Dan, there will definitely be no more problems.”
Chen Ping looked at it carefully, from the Heaven Returning Pill, a burst of life aura kept emitting, which made Chen Ping amazed.
“This Heaven Returning Pill is so miraculous, it actually has an aura of life emitting from it, like a new life being birthed ……”
Chen Ping injected a wisp of his divine sense into the Heaven Returning Pill, he wanted to know what this Heaven Returning Pill was actually refined from.
It was a pity that when Chen Ping’s divine sense entered the Heaven Returning Pill, he could only feel a greenish patch, just like a prairie in the early morning, with a very dense life aura, and he could not find out what this Heaven Returning Pill was refined with at all.
He closed his eyes slightly and the Supreme Dan Record flashed out in Chen Ping’s mind, but unfortunately, there was no record of this Heavenly Returning Pill in the Supreme Dan Record either.
Chen Ping thought about it, this Supreme Dan Record was only written by the old Master of the Pill God Valley himself with his life’s work, how could he have all the pills?