“Mr Chen, where exactly is that Broad Cold Palace? How are we going to find our way there?”
Ochre Yan asked!
“You guys go to the Wantong Pavilion, take a blimp to South End City, and just wait in South End City.”
Chen Ping said!
“South End City!” Ochre Yan nodded, “Good, then we will wait for Mr Chen in South End City.”
Chen Ping did not stay in the Soul Demon Sect for a long time, just as he was about to leave, he suddenly remembered something and asked Jiang Yulian, “I wonder if the Chen Patriarch of those five great sects, has come here to reshape his flesh?””Came and has already left after remoulding his flesh!”
Jiang Yulian said!
Chen Ping nodded and then left!
Chen Ping went directly to the five great sects, now only Patriarch Luo and Patriarch Chen remained in the five great sects!
When Chen Ping arrived at the five great sects, he was warmly received by Patriarch Chen and Patriarch Luo!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s help in the Polar Regions, the current five great sects would have long since become owned by Hai Dafu and the others!
Especially Patriarch Chen, who had long since returned to heaven by now!
“Mr Chen, it seems that you had a miraculous encounter in the Polar Regions, ah, your realm has directly risen to the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, I just don’t know what is the matter with Mr Chen’s sudden visit to my five great sects?”
Patriarch Luo knew that there must be something going on with Chen Ping’s sudden visit here!
“I came here, firstly, to check on Patriarch Chen’s condition, to see if he has recovered.”
Chen Ping did not mention the matter of helping right from the start!
“Mr Chen, thank you for still thinking of me, I have fully recovered, if it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have been able to get help from the Soul Demon Sect.”
Patriarch Chen said with great gratitude!
“Mr Chen, do you have other things to do besides visiting Patriarch Chen? If you need our five great clans for something, just ask.”
“I guarantee that our five great clans will go all out, even if it means going through fire.”
“Our lives are all given to us by Mr Chen, we still know how to repay kindness, otherwise what kind of famous sects would we call ourselves.”
Patriarch Luo knew that Chen Ping was definitely not just there to visit Patriarch Chen!
“Patriarch Luo, I do have one more thing to ask for.”Chen Ping unhurriedly told the Mu Family’s matter of dealing with the Guanghan Palace!
The Mu Family was a huge family and was not weak, so if they really made a move against the Broad Cold Palace, they were afraid that it would be difficult for the Broad Cold Palace to withstand it!
After all, the Broad Cold Palace had just started and all of its disciples were still weak, they simply couldn’t carry the Mu Family’s attacks!
“No problem, one word from Mr Chen and our five great clans will fight to the death.”
“I will take my disciples and set off now, waiting for Mr Chen’s dispatch in South End City.”
Patriarch Luo agreed without the slightest hesitation!
“Then, thank you, Patriarch Luo.”
Chen Ping was very touched, after all, this kind of thing of losing one’s life at any time was something that no one liked to do!
“You’re welcome, Mr Chen, this is what I should do.”
Patriarch Luo said!
Chen Ping only stayed in the five great sects for a few moments before leaving!
He still had to contact some more people in, this time, for the sake of the Guanghan Palace, Chen Ping had kind of sold out!
He had never gathered so many people before!
Chen Ping left from the five major sects and went directly to the Sheng family.
The Sheng Family’s Artistic Talismans were considered famous throughout the Southern Region, and these things might not be very useful in a single fight!
However, if it was a large-scale battle, these art talismans could be of great use!
Sheng Bushi was surprised and excited to see Chen Ping!
Especially Sheng Jiahui, she thought that after that night, she would never see Chen Ping again!
Chen Ping wanted to follow Sheng Bushi to talk about the situation, but he didn’t want Sheng Bushi to directly pull Chen Ping up and said, “Mr Chen, you’ve come at the right time, my daughter’s tummy didn’t move at all after that night, you’d better be helping out!”
After saying that, Sheng Bushi left, leaving only Sheng Jiahui to follow Chen Ping inside the room!
Chen Ping is also speechless, this just met, just …………
Hey ……
Who let himself have a request, do it!