Ding Bu’er put up a fight, but it was no use.
Soon, Ding Bu’er was a prisoner!
“Lord Ding Bu’er, don’t resist any longer, be a good boy and give up your hand!”
“The price for you to continue resisting like this is the lives of everyone in your Vicious Valley!”
Ning Zhi said with a victorious stance as he looked towards Ding Da.
Ding Da did not say anything, and all he got in response was a blazing blow of palm wind!
“Humph, stubborn ……”
Ning Zhi coldly snorted, followed by the crowd of his men, attacking towards Ding Da Da.
Ding Da Da’s figure retreated under the attack of these men!
“Set up a formation ……”
Ning Zhi shouted explosively.
Immediately afterwards, several experts from the Ning Family surrounded Ding Da Da, and then continuously changed their positions.
A trail of silk threads, invisible to the naked eye, shot out from the hands of these men!
Immediately afterwards, these threads began to weave into a large net as the men changed their positions.
Ding’s body was enveloped by the large net.
“Hmph, now I’ll see how you can still resist!”
Ning Zhi said triumphantly.
Ding Da’s eyes were red and he kept struggling.
Blood continued to spurt out from his body, which Ding Da did not care about at all.
But soon, the breath on Ding’s body became more and more depleted, followed by a mouthful of blood spurting out.
Slowly, Ding Da Da quieted down.
At this moment, his body had long since become a bloody man.
Ning Zhi looked at Ding Dada and laughed coldly, “Why is this necessary? That Chen Ping is worth your life to protect from the Valley of Evil?”
“Bah ……”
Ding Da spat fiercely towards Ning Zhi.
However, Ning Zhi did not care, but instead had someone press Ding DaDa and Ding BuEr, and then walked towards the valley.
Inside the Valley of the Wicked, when the crowd saw that Ding Buzha had been captured, they could only all fold their arms and did not resist!
All the way to the place where the Demon Tower was located!
Ding Buzan led the men to stop in front of Ning Zhi.
When Ding Bu San saw Ding Da Da and Ding Bu Er, who were covered in wounds, the anger in his body had long risen.
“Let my big brother and second brother go ……”
Ding Buzan glared angrily as the aura on his body continued to explode!
Looking at the sudden appearance of Ding Buzan and several experts from the Vicious Valley, Ning Zhi looked a little surprised.
“I really didn’t expect that the Vicious Valley would still send someone to guard this Chen Ping when they’ve reached this point!”
Ning Zhi did not expect that Ding would not care about his own safety, but send someone to guard Chen Ping.
He didn’t understand what kind of relationship this Vicious Valley was following Chen Ping.
“Let go of my big brother and second brother ……”
Ding Buzan shouted once again.
“You’d better see the situation clearly, now you obediently tie your hands to avoid suffering flesh and blood, if you dare to resist, I’ll kill them!”
Ning Zhi finished his sentence and casually drew a sword and pointed it at Ding Bu Dazhan.
Seeing this, Ding Buzan didn’t know what to do for a moment.
“Lao-san, leave us alone, remember the task I gave you, even if you die, you must guard it!”
Ding Dada yelled at Ding Bu San.
“D*mn it ……”
Ning Zhi cursed angrily, followed by a sword thrust into Ding BuDa’s abdomen!
A mouthful of blood instantly spat out of Ding Bu Da’s mouth, his face pale beyond recognition.
“Big brother ……”
Ding Buzhan’s eyes were wide open, his face filled with rage!
“Be a good boy and fold your arms, if you resist, his head will be chopped off with the next sword!”
Ning Zhi threatened at Ding Buzan.
Soon, several experts from the Ning family walked over, and Ding Buzan looked at Ding Da, his eyes filled with helplessness.
He did not resist because he could not stand by and watch Ding Da Da die in front of him.
Ding Buzha wanted to say something, but blood had already filled his throat!
After controlling Ding Buzhan and those experts from the Vicious Valley again, Ning Zhi looked at the Demon Subduing Tower in front of him and revealed a greedy look.
“I told you, the Demon Subduing Tower isn’t that easy to destroy.”
“So it’s in the hands of this Chen Ping, such a treasure that only I deserve to possess!”
Ning Zhi slowly approached the Demon Subduing Tower.