“You …………”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder was moved to anger, and a mouthful of blood was sprayed out!
Seeing the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder that way, Hu Da laughed out loud and said “We are only here to capture this Chen Ping today, anyone else who doesn’t want to die, quickly roll ……”
“You dare ……”
Luo Shouhai opened his eyes angrily!
“Luo Shouhai, don’t pretend, you are also seriously injured, I can whip you to death with a slap right now ……”
Hu Da said with a cold smile!
Luo Shouhai was trembling with anger, but there was nothing he could do!
It was obvious that the matter of their injuries was passed on to these guys by the five great sects!
“Just with you stinking fish and shrimps, you want to capture me, are you worthy?”
Chen Ping took a step forward, killing intent surging in his eyes!
When he was in the five great sects, Chen Ping was already suffocating, and that bloodlust in his heart kept surging!
Now these guys jumped out, and the highest was only the sixth rank of the Transition Realm!
Chen Ping could just take it out on them!
“Hmph, you’re a small cultivator of the second rank of the Transition Realm and you dare to speak out loud?”
Hu Da snorted coldly!
“Big brother, don’t be careless, you forgot how Patriarch Hai instructed us, this guy, don’t look like he’s only at the second rank of the Transitional Sedimentary Realm, but the strength that he has erupted is not lower than yours and mine.”
“The two of us should still join forces to capture him and then go find the Demon Sealing Alliance for a hundred years of offerings!”
Hu Er reminded Hu Da!
“Alright, let’s do it together!”
Hu Da nodded, then slapped his palm out!
In an instant, dark clouds covered the sky and a black gas erupted from that Hu Da’s hand, transforming into a black python that came straight at Chen Ping!
At the same time, that Hu Er also struck out, only to see the black qi on his body, surprisingly flickering with light, transforming into thousands of thunderbolts heading straight for Chen Ping!
The two of them joined hands to strike at Chen Ping, and they worked very well together!
Seeing this, Fire Phoenix and the rest of them all pinched a cold sweat for Chen Ping, but they were all seriously injured right now, so there was no way they could help, they could only pray for Chen Ping!
As for Chen Ping, there was not a hint of panic in his eyes as he faced the simultaneous attacks from both of them, instead, his killing intent was getting stronger and stronger!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Cutting Sword, and his Unbreakable Golden Body instantly covered his entire body!
Then between the flashes of his body, he dodged that Hu Da’s strike, and then with a casual chop of the Dragon Beheading Sword, that Hu Er’s Ten Thousand Paths of Light was also directly chopped into pieces!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword was covered with lightning origin, along with a deafening sound, Chen Ping pointed the Dragon Cutting Sword towards the sky!
Several thunderbolts blasted down from underneath the black clouds that covered the sky, heading straight towards that Hu Er!
“It’s not polite to come and not go ……”
Since that Hu Er attacked himself with photoelectricity, Chen Ping returned the same!
“I didn’t expect that you, a mere second grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, have also perceived the Lightning Origin, you really do have some talent.”
After Hu Er finished speaking, lightning suddenly spread all around his body, directly forming a shield with lightning, blocking Chen Ping’s lightning attack!
“You actually have also perceived the Lightning Origin ……”
Chen Ping frowned slightly and said with some surprise!
“Hahaha, my lightning origin power is much stronger than yours, and I can also directly transform into lightning, you, a mere second rank of the Transition Realm, want to compete with me, delusional!”
The corner of Hu Er’s mouth lifted, then he reached out and grabbed, the surrounding lightning instantly condensed into a long spear!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, on his Dragon Beheading Sword, the power of thunder and lightning also continued to blossom as one after another clashed!
Hu Da’s palm tugged at the black, black clouds in mid-air, and those black clouds transformed into a giant python that continuously roared!
Chen Ping looked at the two brothers, Hu Da and Hu Er, without the slightest bit of panic in his eyes!
Although that Hu Er had also perceived the Lightning Origin, it was nothing compared to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s Origin Space was a Cosmic Star, a single Thunderbolt Origin Star was estimated to be larger than that Hu Er’s Origin Space!
If that Hu Er knew that Chen Ping’s Origin Space was a Cosmic Star, he probably wouldn’t be so arrogant!