“Chen Ping …………”
A moment later, Long Xiao roared up in anger, his eyes almost spitting out fire.
Both fists clenched, and the Qi energy in his body exploded out wildly.
Chen Ping was actually still alive, which made Long Xiao almost go crazy.
The Qi energy on Long Xiao’s body was like a sword as it pushed straight towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was very bashful, and with a flick of his palm, he dissolved Long Xiao’s Qi energy.
Long Xiao frowned, this initial test of his hand let Long Xiao know that Chen Ping’s strength had surprisingly improved quite a lot even during this period of time.
“Mr. Chen, has Miss Xiao Ru been rescued?”
Ding asked Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head, “Xiao Ru is not being held in the Long Family ……”
“Chen Ping, you went to the Dragon Family?” Long Wu had an excited face, “Then Missy she …………”
Since Chen Ping had gone to the Long Family, he could have rescued Long Ruotong along with him.
When he heard Long Wu mention his mother, Chen Ping had a self-condemned look on his face, “The Dragon Family dungeon is protected by a formation, I wasn’t able to break through ……”
Seeing that look on Chen Ping’s face, Long Wu rushed to console him, “As long as you are alive, there is always a chance to save Eldest Miss ……”
“Chen Ping, things have come to this, I think we’d better talk it out, I’m telling you, you’ll never have a chance to save your mother ……”
“But if you kowtow to me now and call out a few times to your uncle, I can be generous and let you mother and son meet!”
Long Jingguo said with a cold smile.
Hearing these words, Chen Ping’s face instantly turned cold and incomparable.
A murderous aura erupted from Chen Ping’s body, an endless momentum of oppression that caused those experts of the Long Family to tremble one after another, some even unable to withstand it and fell to their knees!
“You are also worthy of being my uncle, I will make all of the Long family disappear ……”
Chen Ping’s voice was incomparably cold, causing people to tremble all over.
Long Jingguo felt this aura on Chen Ping’s body, and surprisingly, he was also shocked and could not open his mouth.
Long Xiao, on the other hand, was frowning and staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
“What a strong aura, it seems that during this period of time, this fellow’s strength has grown at a rate not inferior to yours ……”
The soul spirit inside Long Xiao said.
When Long Xiao heard this, his heart became even more furious, originally he thought that he was the best among those ten thousand, but now that Chen Ping had not died and had emerged again, and his strength had also grown quite a lot, it instantly stirred up Long Xiao’s climbing mentality.
“Chen Ping, you are too wild, don’t think that only your strength is growing, and there are a dozen of us, enough to kill you ……”
After the shock, Long Jingguo opened his mouth and said.
“A dozen people?”
Chen Ping finished and swept his eyes over those Long Family experts, “I’ll give you one more chance, now get lost and I can spare your lives ……”
These people felt Chen Ping’s sharp eyes, surprisingly no one dared to raise their heads, but this time, they didn’t dare to run, after all, Long Jingguo was here, if they ran, it would be a betrayal!
“Since you don’t want to leave, then go to hell ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a golden light suddenly erupted from his body, and then he stepped out with a step, the terrifying pressure fiercely enhanced by a lot.
Those Long Family experts all fell to their knees on the spot, blood gushing from their mouths!
Seeing this scene, whether it was Long Wu or the Four Villains, they were all astonished.
They had to know that these were all Martial Marquis experts, but they were unable to resist even the momentum of pressure emanating from Chen Ping’s body.
What kind of strength was this Chen Ping now?
“Are you treating me like I don’t exist?”
Long Xiao snorted coldly as a black-golden aura emanated from his body and began to resist the intimidating pressure from Chen Ping!
The aura that erupted from the body of Long Xiao, who was already a fifth grade Martial Marquis, had already made a qualitative leap.
For a Martial Marquis, every rank increase was a world of difference.
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped, then his palm waved in mid-air, and instantly a golden, heavenly hand pressed down fiercely towards Long Xiao and the others.