“A demon beast secret realm?” Chen Ping was surprised, how could there be a secret realm for demon beasts?
“This I know!” As soon as Ge Yuhan heard this, she immediately spoke, “That Demon Beast Secret Realm used to be a resource place for the eight Great Secret Realms, people from all eight Great Secret Realms could go to that Demon Beast Secret Realm to hunt demon beasts, but along with the approaching spiritual revival, the Great Secret Realms rarely went to the Demon Beast Secret Realm in order to preserve their strength.”
“The entrance to the Demon Beast Secret Realm was closed, I heard that it was reopened some time ago, I don’t know how it is within the Demon Beast Secret Realm, after so many years, those demon beasts have probably grown a lot!”
“Two days ago I even said to go and have a look, but my dad wouldn’t let ……”
Chen Ping listened quietly, his eyes showing a few moments of shock, he didn’t expect there to be a demonic beast secret realm dedicated to the eight secret realms for hunting!
This is a bit like a hunting ground specially built by the royal family, the more Chen Ping thought about it at this time, the more he felt that the person who created these eight secret realms was not simple, and these eight secret realms were not like a refuge!
“Monkey, where is this Demonic Beast Secret Realm? Can I go and take a look?”
Chen Ping became intensely interested in the Demonic Beast Secret Realm, a secret realm all filled with demonic beasts, what a spectacle this should be!
“This …………”
Hou Zhen frowned, his face showing a difficult expression!
On the contrary, Ge Yuhan was a little excited and said, “Yes, let’s go and have a look ……”
“Mr. Chen, my master said that that demon beast secret realm has never been set foot in for so many years, going there rashly now will definitely be very dangerous.”
Hou Zhen advised Chen Ping.
“We are just casually looking around, if there is danger, just come back immediately ……”
Chen Ping did not intend to stay in the Demon Beast Secret Realm for long either, after all, his current strength did not allow it either.
“Look at you, you coward, we teleported over and came back after a casual look, what danger can there be!”
Ge Yuhan gave that Hou Zhen a white look at this time!
Seeing this, Hou Zhen clenched his teeth and said, “Alright then, let’s go take a look and come right back ……”
After saying that, Hou Zhen took Chen Ping and Ge Yuhan and headed towards a sand dune!
Soon, Chen Ping and the three of them stood on top of the sand dune, immediately after Hou Zhen recited the magic, along with a white light flashed, Chen Ping only felt a blackness in front of his eyes, and when he opened his eyes, he found that he was already in a different place!
“This …… is the teleportation array?”
Chen Ping asked with some surprise.
“Yes, there are many teleportation formations in every secret realm, but all of them are camouflaged, that sand dune we were just in is actually a teleportation formation, just chant the magic words and you can go to the secret realm you want to go to ……”
Hou Zhen said.
“Then did we just get to teleport to the Thunder Gate secret realm as well?”
Chen Ping thought of his mother, who should still be in that Purple Sky Mansion at this time.
“Of course we can, as long as we change the mantra slightly, we can teleport to the Thunder Gate Secret Realm… I wonder what Mr. Chen is doing in the Thunder Gate Secret Realm? Barging into other secret realms is a very dangerous thing to do.”
Hou Zhen asked.
“Oh, it’s nothing, I was just casually asking!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then looked out and found that in front of them were lofty mountains that stretched on and on!
There were dense jungles everywhere, and every now and then, there were the roars of demonic beasts, coming from afar!
“Mr. Chen, this is the demonic beast mountain range, I heard that deep within this mountain range, there is a beast king sitting in the town, ruling over all the demonic beasts, and I don’t know if that’s true.”
Hou Zhen said.
“Can we go up the mountain and take a look?”
Chen Ping looked at the demonic beast mountain range and felt the aura emanating from one of the mountain ranges, his heart was a little excited!
One had to know that these demonic beasts were all good cultivation resources.
“Mr. Chen, we can only walk at the foot of the mountain, we must not go too deep, because after so many years, we don’t know how far those demonic beasts have developed, if there is danger, we are afraid that we won’t even have a chance to call for help here!”
Hou Zhen reminded!