“I didn’t believe it at first either, but this is what I saw with my own eyes, so it can’t be fake.”
“If you don’t believe me, you can come with me to see it, and then you can think about whether or not you want to cooperate with me!”
Chen Ping said to Qian Yue!
Qian Yue hurriedly nodded his head and said, “Alright, I’ll go with you to take a look, if there really is a vein of Immortal Spirit Stone, I’ll definitely cooperate with you!”
This would really make a fortune if there were Immortal Spirit Stone veins!
Qian Yue followed Chen Ping out of the city and went straight to that Immortal Spirit Stone vein!
When jumping down from the cliff and entering the cave, Qian Yue’s entire being was completely shocked!
He had never expected that a place like this would still hide an Immortal Spirit Stone Vein!
“Uncle Qian?”
Seeing Qian Yue, the youngest sister was a little surprised, she did not expect Chen Ping to have brought Qian Yue!
For Qian Yue, the youngest sister’s brother also recognized, after all, he had sold Immortal Spirit Stones in Qian Yue’s hands before!
Sort of old acquaintances, but this Immortal Spirit Stone vein, the fewer people know, the better!
Now Chen Ping suddenly brought Qian Yue, making the youngest sister’s brother very puzzled!
“With just a few of us, it is impossible to mine this Immortal Spirit Stone vein, so I brought Uncle Qian to cooperate.”
Chen Ping explained!
“What about my brother?”
Xiong Ying did not care about any Immortal Spirit Stone vein, she only cared about her brother!
“Don’t be in a hurry, I’ll bring your brother over when we’re done with this place.”
Chen Ping comforted Xiong Ying and said!
Seeing this, Xiong Ying nodded, for Chen Ping, she still trusted him!
After all, Chen Ping seemed to be a bit more decent, not like that youngest sister’s brother, who looked at his eyes with lust and a lewd look that made Xiong Ying resentful!
“I can cooperate, the matter of mining Immortal Spirit Stones, just leave it to me!”
After joyfully looking at that Immortal Spirit Stone vein, Qian Yue excitedly said to Chen Ping!
“Good then, I’ll leave this vein to you, I have other things to do.”
“When the time comes, all the Immortal Spirit Stones that are mined will be given to me, I will buy them at a price higher than the market price, I won’t let you suffer!”
Chen Ping said to Qian Yue!
“No problem, leave it to me, don’t worry!”
Qian Yue nodded and said!
“Brother-in-law, you directly handed over this Immortal Spirit Stone vein to someone else and left it alone, aren’t you afraid?”
Brother Youngest Sister asked in a low voice to Chen Ping!
“Use the people, suspect the people, it’s not that there are still you guys here to keep an eye on it!”
“I will go and release that Xiong Cuo, by then that Xiong Cuo will also be there, nothing will happen!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and directly left!
For that Qian Yue, Chen Ping seemed to be a little too trusting!
Chen Ping simply did not know that after he left, that Qian Yue immediately contacted Qiu Tu!
After finding the Immortal Spirit Stone vein, Qian Yue knew that there was no way he could swallow the vein!
He wanted to maximize the benefits, that is to inform Qiu Tu!
Only by following the Qiu family would he be able to get the maximum benefit!
As for Chen Ping’s trust, Qian Yue did not care in the slightest, in this society, trust is nothing, can it be eaten as food?
…………
Beast City, Xing Mansion!
Chen Ping found Interdao Rong, wanting to get an amnesty order from Interdao Rong’s hands before releasing Xiong Gao!
When Chen Ping came to the Xing Mansion, he found that the entire Xing Mansion had a solemn and murderous aura, and everyone looked grave!
“Bai Cheng, what’s wrong, did something happen?”
Chen Ping felt the aura of solemnity in the Xing Mansion, so he asked Bai Cheng!
“Mr. Chen, that Qiu Mansion is mobilizing its troops and may be making a move against us, so General Xing is also actively preparing for war.”
Bai Cheng followed Chen Ping and said!
“Then why is Qiu Fu suddenly making a move? Isn’t there another famous beast general around, what is his attitude?”
Chen Ping was wondering why that Qiu Mansion suddenly wanted to make a move against Xing Mansion!