It doesn’t matter if the other party has strength or not, as long as they truly love them!
Now seeing Chen Ping like this, it was obvious that Chen Ping must really like his girlfriend!
Zhu Zhishan and the others sneered as they watched Chen Ping make a fool of himself, now they did not want to kill him so quickly.
But just as Chen Ping was mumbling, the black mist that had transformed into a human form suddenly burrowed into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping shuddered personally, and then his eyes became mute once again!
A few flashes of golden light were seen on Chen Ping’s forehead, followed by him collapsing straight to the ground.
This sudden change of events caused everyone to be stunned, even Long Xiao did not know what had actually happened.
“Hahahaha, this is my most ideal host, this hard flesh, this ramrod strength, just what I want ……”
In Chen Ping’s mind, an old voice was laughing uncontrollably.
It turned out to be the soul spirit that was inside Long Xiao’s body, and now it had gone directly to Chen Ping’s body!
Whether it was his body or strength, Chen Ping had to be much stronger than that Long Xiao, so right from the start this soul spirit had taken a fancy to Chen Ping’s body.
Just now, it was just an excuse to tease Chen Ping so that its soul could enter Chen Ping’s body.
A few moments later, Chen Ping slowly got up, his eyes regained their clarity, but his face became very ugly!
“Chen Ping ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had recovered, Dong Jiahao hurriedly shouted out. ‘
However, Chen Ping did not pay any attention to Dong Jiahao, but merely frowned and closed his eyes slightly.
“Chen Ping, as long as you obediently listen to me, the two of us will complement each other, and I can kill the few people in front of me for you ……”
The old voice rang out inside Chen Ping’s mind.
“What are you?” Chen Ping used his divine sense and followed the guy in his head as he talked.
“You don’t need to know who I am, you just need to obey me, if it wasn’t for me, you would have been a corpse by now.”
“I have now entered your body, if you don’t listen to me, I will snatch your mind and then kill myself before, so that you will die in front of everyone now ……”
The old voice threatened at Chen Ping.
“Is that so? Why am I so unbelieving?”
Chen Ping said, his divine sense in his mind instantly enhanced, directly suppressing the spirit!
The soul spirit was obviously stunned, he did not expect Chen Ping’s divine sense to be so strong, and in a rush a light slashed through, causing Chen Ping to have a splitting headache and his body to shake like he was struck by electricity.
But even so, Chen Ping’s body control was still in his own hands, relying on his powerful divine sense to resist the spirit!
When Long Xiao saw this scene, he seemed to think of something, and his divine sense swept through his brain, and he really found that the soul spirit inside his body was no longer there.
At this moment, Long Xiao’s eyes were scarlet red, and the eyes he looked at Chen Ping were filled with jealousy and anger!
Facing Chen Ping, even the soul spirit inside him wanted to abandon him, which was hard for Long Xiao to accept!
“Chen Ping, go to hell ……”
Long Xiao roared with strength, his whole body was wrapped in black light, and he smashed his fist at Chen Ping.
Although Chen Ping was following the soul spirit within his body to fight against it, the spiritual energy within his dantian was not affected at all.
Seeing Long Xiao’s fist smashing over, Chen Ping smacked it across the face.
Long Xiao’s body was viciously smacked away.
This slap caused Long Xiao to spit blood from his mouth, without his soul spirit, Long Xiao’s strength was greatly reduced!
“Why, this is why …………”
Long Xiao climbed up and gritted his teeth as he rushed towards Chen Ping again, “Why did you betray me, why ……”
Long Xiao hissed, looking at Zhu Zhishan and the others in a daze, confused if this Long Xiao was crazy.
How could he say that Chen Ping had betrayed him?
Betrayed him what?
They did not know that Long Xiao was saying this to the soul inside Chen Ping.