“Mr Chen, why are you stopping me ah, that Luo Shouhai is afraid that he won’t be able to carry on.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man asked to Chen Ping in disbelief!
“No need to rush, in waiting to see ……”
Chen Ping said to the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man!
“That Cheng Jing will make use of the formation and his power will increase dramatically, if we wait any longer, I’m afraid that Luo Shouhai will be defeated!”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder didn’t understand why Chen Ping was asking him to wait!
“Until the last moment, it’s better to let Luo Gu Master take care of it himself!”
Chen Ping continued!
When the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder saw that Chen Ping insisted on not allowing himself to make a move, he could only give up and then looked at Luo Shouhai worriedly!
Luo Shouhai felt the power erupting from Cheng Jinghui’s body and did not dare to be careless!
Boom!
Luo Shouhai swung out a fist, and the two people heavily collided together like meteors.
In the midst of this formation, the void trembled and rippled.
Fortunately, there was a formation blocking it, if not, it was feared that the entire Blood Spirit Peak would be destroyed under the power of this punch!
Buzzing!
As the two fists clashed against each other, an endless amount of power spread from all around, and then hit the formation, sending out explosions!
At this moment, it was like the end times had come to that formation!
Boom!
Suddenly, Luo Shouhai’s body was like a meteorite, descending rapidly from the air and then falling heavily onto the ground!
Smoke and dust flew across the sky, a huge deep pit on the ground, Luo Shouhai’s entire body was Avray sunk into it!
“Hahaha …………”
Cheng Jing would see Luo Shouhai’s wretched appearance and burst out laughing!
At this moment, Luo Shouhai, with blood left at the corner of his mouth, stood up with difficulty!
“Mr Chen …………”
Seeing this, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder anxiously looked towards Chen Ping!
If he didn’t help at this time, then Luo Shouhai would really be finished!
However, Chen Ping didn’t move a muscle, and the expression on his face didn’t change much as he quietly watched everything in front of him!
It was as if Luo Shouhai’s victory or defeat had nothing to do with him.
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder didn’t know what Chen Ping meant by this, but if Chen Ping didn’t open his mouth, the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder didn’t dare to help privately!
“Senior brother, resign yourself to your fate, this is your fate, now I will let you go underground and accompany those disciples of yours!”
Cheng Jinghui’s face was hideous, and the power in his body was unexpectedly still growing!
After this battle, Cheng Jinghui would definitely suffer a backlash from the formation, even if he didn’t die, he was afraid that he would be wasted!
But now it’s all come to this, even if he dies, he has to pull Luo Shouhai to cushion his back, otherwise he wouldn’t have activated this Heavenly Formation!
“Do you think you can defeat me by relying on the power of the formation?”
Luo Shouhai slowly regained his composure, and there was no more anger in his eyes, instead he said with a calm expression “You have the power of the formation, I also have the ……”
Luo Shouhai took out the array disc from his pocket, and then forced out a drop of blood, dropping it on top of the array disc.
Only to see the array disc humming and then emitting a light!
A thick bloody aura continuously filled the air!
Soon, a huge formation appeared and unexpectedly directly swallowed Cheng Jinghui’s formation!
A formation pattern flickered with light, and there was also red blood flowing within the formation pattern!
All of this blood came from that Hu Da and Hu Er sacrificing their own men, the power within the blood was not used up, Hu Da and Hu Er were tricked by Chen Ping into the sea of consciousness and beheaded, and the sacrificial blood formation was closed!
However, this blood that had not been consumed was still retained within this Sacrificial Blood Formation, and when Luo Shouhai used his own blood to open the Sacrificial Blood Formation, the formation was activated and the blood began to flow once again!
“This …… is a sacrificial blood formation?”
Cheng Jing would look at the blood that continued to flow within that formation and was instantly dumbfounded!
How could he not expect that the formation disc of the Sacrificial Blood Formation would be in Luo Shouhai’s hands, knowing that it was a formation disc left over from the God-Devil War?