When Chen Ping rushed to the place where Bing Lu and the others were originally waiting, he found that it had long been empty!
Chen Ping’s brows instantly furrowed, he had said that he would let Bing Lu and the others wait here!
But now there was no one to go to.
This caused a bad feeling to rise in Chen Ping’s heart!
Chen Ping endeavoured to spread out his divine sense, hoping that he could search for Bing Lu and the others!
But after searching for dozens of miles, there was still no sign of Bing Lu and the girls!
Just when Chen Ping did not know what to do, he suddenly realised that there were bloodstains on the clean white think snow!
Following the bloodstains to find them, the bodies of several Holy Maidens were lying cold on the ground!
Chen Ping was shocked and rushed over to check!
It was found that these Holy Maidens had already died and there were traces of violation!
Most importantly, the Xuan Turtle Armour on these Holy Maidens had all shattered, indicating that they had encountered an expert.
Looking at the unclothed Saint Maidens, Chen Ping’s inner murderous aura continued to fill the air.
Chen Ping did not know what kind of people, had attacked Bing Lu and the others, but he would never let these people go.
Even if it was the Heavenly King, he would not let it go.
Chen Ping struck a ball of Supreme Flame on the corpses of these Saint Maidens, and the corpses began to burn violently.
He could not let these Saint Maidens die in the wilderness, then they would become food for wild beasts.
After disposing of the Holy Maiden’s corpse, Chen Ping’s figure instantly disappeared in place.
And at this moment, in the bordering chaotic land hundreds of miles away from Chen Ping, Bing Lu and Lan Yingying, with a few Saint Maidens in tow, were walking with difficulty.
Almost all of these people were carrying injuries on their bodies, and their breaths were all very weak, obviously somewhat unable to support themselves.
“Sisters, hold on, even if we enter the Land of Chaos and get strangled by the turbulence of time and space, we must not fall into the hands of the Mu family.”
“These beasts, they don’t even spare the corpses of our dead sisters.”
Bing Lu clenched her teeth, her eyes filled with grief as she said!
“Right, even if we die, we can’t cheapen these Mu Family brutes.”
Lan Yingying also nodded and said!
“Good!”
The rest of those Saint Maidens also nodded in agreement!
One must know that as the Holy Maidens of the Broad Cold Palace, their chastity was the most important thing, and their lives were nothing!
But this gang of Mu Family’s brutes, knowing what the Holy Maiden of Guanghan Palace cared about the most, had even spared the corpses!
So even if Bing Lu and the others died, they wouldn’t die in the hands of these Mu family members.
Bing Lu and her group, with resolute eyes, walked towards the bordering chaotic land!
And not far behind Bing Lu and the girls, Mu Yao was chasing after them with his Mu family.
By Mu Yao’s side, a middle-aged woman followed.
This person was none other than Mu Kui’s aunt, Mu Naiyi, the eldest Miss of the Mu Family.
If it was just Mu Yao with the Mu family members, Ice Dew girls wouldn’t have suffered such heavy casualties.
But who knew that this Mu Naiyi had come, as an elder of the Guanghan Palace, Bing Lu and the others had no defence even though they knew that the Mu Family was hostile to the Guanghan Palace.
Directly attacked by this Mu Naiyi, they suffered heavy casualties and escaped here only after fighting to the death.
“Eldest Miss, these Holy Maidens of the Broad Cold Palace, running towards the Chaotic Land at the border, are they going to enter the Chaotic Land to seek death?”
Mu Yao looked at the direction Bing Lu and the others had fled and said.
“It wasn’t them who wanted to enter the Land of Chaos, it was us who wanted to drive them in.”
Mu Naiyi said with a cold smile!
Mu Yao froze, his face full of puzzlement “Eldest Miss, why did you drive them into the land of chaos?”
Mu Naiyi didn’t say anything else, but instead used her hand to point in the southwestern direction not far away!
Mu Yao followed the direction of his finger and found that in that direction, there was a hidden circle of light curtain flowing, and within that light curtain, there seemed to be a lofty mountain!
This time, Mu Yao was confused because he hadn’t seen this curtain of light in the past few days since he came to the Polar Region, much less this high mountain!
The pole was originally in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, now this high mountain that suddenly appeared, wouldn’t it be the middle of the mountain?