However, those devil cultivators were miserable, one by one screamed miserably and inhaled into the void rift, I don’t know whether they were strangled, or directly sent to other worlds, anyway, don’t want to come back!
Chen Ping and Ning Zhi desperately avoided the void rift, slowly the void rift is less and less!
In the end, the void rift completely disappeared, and the entire Demon Subduing Array stopped functioning, and all the resources were consumed!
Ning Zhi clenched his teeth and looked at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, and then rushed towards Chen Ping with big strides!
While charging towards Chen Ping, Ning Zhi raised his hand and struck out a roiling black Qi!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then struck out a ball of Supreme Flame, following Ning Zhi’s black Qi to collide together!
Chen Ping did not dodge, this was his intention to follow Ning Zhi and engage in a hard fight!
Without the threat of other demonic cultivators, Chen Ping was not afraid of Ning Zhi!
What’s more, he still had a lot of means that he hadn’t utilised yet!
The Divine King Bow, the Demon Whip, and even his own True Fire Dharma Body, all of these were Chen Ping’s means!
Especially the Demon Whip, which was specially designed to restrain demonic cultivators like Ning Zhi!
Chen Ping also has the Fire Unicorn and the Heaven Swallowing Beast, if these two little guys can jump out, it would be enough for Ning Zhi to drink a pot!
Now Chen Ping still had the secret manual of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect in his hand, which was also considered a means!
Chen Ping’s last means of preserving his life was the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, if it came to the time of life and death, Chen Ping would not be able to care so much and could let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch control his body!
At that time, Ning Zhi was still nothing but a little rubbish!
With so many means, Chen Ping had a good plan, and inside, he was incomparably confident!
As Chen Ping struck out a Supreme Flame Breath, his entire body also charged towards Ning Zhi!
When Ning Zhi saw this, he smiled coldly, “You want to tangle with me in close quarters, let me see just how strong your fleshly body is!”
Ning Zhi knew that Chen Ping’s fleshly body had been tempered and was incomparably strong, but he was not afraid, after all, there was such a huge difference between the two realms, he was going to try to follow Chen Ping in a hard fight!
Boom!
Ning Zhi followed Chen Ping and collided together instantly!
Even if it was only a one-touch collision, it still erupted with a shocking sound!
Chen Ping’s fist flashed with golden light, and without the slightest hesitation, he turned around and blasted another fist towards Ning Zhi!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
The sky was filled with golden light that spewed out!
Ning Zhi didn’t show any weakness either, “Flaming Fist ……”
Ning Zhi also slammed his fist out, and the sky was filled with flaming light that rose up!
Boom boom boom …………
The heavens and earth instantly changed colour as endless golden light and fire light merged, reflecting the entire sky red!
Ning Zhi’s face changed slightly as he was able to detect that Chen Ping’s fist was indeed somewhat powerful, causing his arm to sting slightly!
“Damn, this kid’s fists are somewhat hard ……”
Ning Zhi desperately blasted out his fists, his heart became a bit terrified!
He really did not expect that under such a large realm gap, Chen Ping’s strength in close quarters entanglement was also so strong, especially that Holy Light Fist, punch after punch was a bit overwhelming!
In a split second, the two people actually threw hundreds of punches at each other, Ning Zhi was getting more and more shocked the more he fought!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was getting more and more excited the more he fought, and his fighting spirit was high!
Ning Zhi began to retreat a little, as he felt that his arms were somewhat unable to hold up!
He didn’t understand how Chen Ping could still be so strong when he was completely using his body’s strength.
Ning Zhi didn’t even know that Chen Ping’s Holy Light Fist was an immortal art, the more insta-power, the more powerful the Holy Light Fist was!
Boom!
Once again, the fists came together, Ning Zhi’s fist immediately resounded with a crisp sound, the entire bone of his fist shattered, and a large amount of blood shot out!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was intact and did not look the least bit injured at all!
“This fleshly body of yours is too perverted ……”
Ning Zhi helplessly retreated backwards, looking at his fist with a face full of indignation!
If I had known this, I would not have gone up against Chen Ping at close range!
This time, his hand was injured, his fighting strength would definitely decrease!