When Qin Xiaotian saw this, his whole face turned green, this point of his strength was no match for that Yuan Baozhong!
But Yuan Baozhong didn’t strike at Qin Xiaotian, otherwise Qin Xiaotian would have been injured by now!
At that moment, there was a chaotic sound of footsteps, followed by the influx of a dozen people, all with powerful auras, all the people Qin Xiaotian had called in!
After these people came in, they surrounded Yuan Baozhong and Zou Zhaolong!
Qin Xiaotian saw that reinforcements had arrived, and his heart was suddenly a lot more solid, even if he used all the power of the Qin family today, he could not let Zou Zhaolong go like this, otherwise the Qin family would not have the face to mix in Kyoto in the future!
With so many people suddenly barging in, many people outside followed, Bai Zhantang, Gu Wentian and Zhao Wuji also came in.
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er followed closely behind them, fearing that it was Chen Ping who was in conflict with the Qin family!
When they entered the room and saw that these people were not targeting Chen Ping, Su Yuqi was relieved!
“What’s going on with Chen Ping?”
Su Yuqi asked curiously.
Zhao Wuji also looked at Bai Xiushan at this time and said, “Elder Bai, what happened? How did Qin Xiaotian make a move on Boss Zou?”
After all, Zou Zhaolong was a Hong Kong businessman from China and Hong Kong who came to do business in the capital almost every year and had always been very good, so he didn’t know why he would suddenly clash with the Qin family today!
Bai Xiushan told Zhao Wuji what had happened, and once Zhao Wuji heard that Zou Zhaolong was actually a money cheat, he was furious!
Kyoto was his turf, so to bring someone to his turf to cheat money blatantly, wasn’t that not looking at him?
“Zou Zhaolong, how dare you cheat in Kyoto, is this not putting my Dharma Protection Pavilion in your eyes?”
Zhao Wuji shouted angrily at Zou Zhaolong!
Although Zou Zhaolong was inside Yuan Baozhong’s protective shield at this moment, Zhao Wouji’s angry shout still caused him to tremble!
Yuan Baozhong’s face began to look gloomy when he saw that Zhao Wouji had also gotten involved.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, misunderstanding, it’s a complete misunderstanding, I can return all the money to Boss Qin …………”
Zou Zhaolong was scared, after all the Protector Pavilion was an official organisation, if it really came to blows, even with Yuan Baozhong by their side, I’m afraid it would be very difficult for them to return to China Harbour!
Zhao Wuji saw that Zou Zhaolong wanted to refund the money and did not want to make things bigger, so he looked at Qin Xiaotian and said, “Qin Xiaotian, Boss Zou has promised to refund the money, what do you think?”
Qin Xiaotian only asked Zou Zhaolong to refund the money, since he could return the money, there was no need to make things too stiff, if he really wanted to fight, that Yuan Baozhong was not easy to mess with either!
“Good, as long as the money is returned to me, I will not pursue the matter ……”
Qin Xiaotian nodded his head and said!
When Zou Zhaolong saw this, he hurriedly took out his mobile phone and transferred all the money back to Qin Xiaotian, while that Yuan Baozhong also put away his protective shield!
After he finished transferring the money to Qin Xiaotian, Zou Zhaolong looked at Zhao Wuji and said, “Pavilion Master Zhao, can we go now?”
“Let’s go!” Zhao Wuji nodded and flashed out of the way!
Qin Xiaotian also waved his hand, and all those experts from the Qin Clan also flashed out of the way!
Zou Zhaolong led Yuan Baozhong outwards, and as they pa*sed by Chen Ping, both Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong gave Chen Ping a vicious glare!
“Mr. Chen, be careful, I’m afraid these two guys will be against you ……”
Seeing the look in the two men’s eyes, Bai Xiushan barked at Chen Ping!
“No harm done …………”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently!
This antique exhibition auction was a front, there were no magic weapons at all, so Chen Ping had come for nothing this time.
Chen Ping was ready to go back, but he was stopped in his tracks by Qin Xiaotian!
“Qin Xiaotian, what are you doing?” Seeing Qin Xiaotian stopping Chen Ping, Zhao Wuji hurriedly asked.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, don’t worry, I’m just having a few words with him!”
Qin Xiaotian said with a faint smile.