Day 2!
Lu Buwei and his son, who had not waited for Han Qing’er for a long time, came to the Purple Sky Mansion again!
“Han Fusheng, how dare you f*cking trick me? Even if you hand over your daughter today, it’s too late, I will destroy your entire Purple Sky Mansion ……”
Feeling that he had been tricked, Lu Bu Wei said with a face full of anger.
At this time, Han Fusheng, with Chen Ping’s a*surance, was no longer afraid of Lu Buwei, and sneered “Lu Buwei, if you want to destroy my Purple Sky Mansion, I’m afraid you don’t have the ability to do so ……”
Lu Bu Wei was stunned and said with a slight frown “It seems that you have found reinforcements, otherwise you wouldn’t dare to talk to me with such an attitude, but I tell you, whoever you find is useless, unless you defect to our Demon Heart Sect, no one can save you ……”
“Is that so? Can I save him then?”
Just then, Chen Ping took Han Qing’er’s hand and walked out!
Han Qing’er’s face was red at this moment, as if she was a red-headed apple, and there was a womanly smell about her, so it was obvious that last night Han Qing’er had gone through her own transformation!
“Qing’er, you guys …………”
Lv factory saw that Han Qing’er followed Chen Ping out surprisingly hand in hand, and was instantly furious!
“Chen Ping?” After seeing Chen Ping, Lu Bu Wei was slightly stunned, after all, everyone had seen Chen Ping’s performance at the Secret World Conference.
“Han Fusheng, the reason why you’ve become arrogant is not because you found this kid, right? With his current strength, I can easily crush him with one hand, believe it or not?”
Lu Buwei said with carelessness!
Although Chen Ping had performed brightly in the Secret Realm a*sembly and his strength was not bad, but that was a comparison among the younger generation, if we were to compare him with them, Chen Ping’s strength would not be enough!
But Lu Bu Wei didn’t know that the Chen Ping of today was no longer the Chen Ping of a few months ago!
Chen Ping, at the peak of the Jiaohe realm, with the God King’s Bow in his hand, could easily crush him, Lu Buwei!
Han Fusheng didn’t say anything, but looked at Chen Ping, because he didn’t know what Chen Ping’s strength was at the moment, and whether he could really beat Lu Buwei!
Moreover, Lu Bu Wei had hundreds of disciples outside watching him intently, while Chen Ping was still alone so far, without seeing the reinforcements Chen Ping had brought in!
“Can you crush me with one hand, you’ll have to try to find out ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly and said to Lu Bu Wei!
“If you want to die, then I will kill you first, before exterminating the Purple Sky Mansion ……”
Lu Bu Wei’s eyes gaped as a cold aura instantly shot out, about to strike at Chen Ping!
“Dad ……” Lv Factory stopped Lu Bu Wei, and then angrily looked at Han Qing’er and said “Qing’er, you and I are childhood friends, I like you so much, can’t you see that?”
“If you’re willing to marry me now, I can convince my father to let your purple sky house go.”
“I don’t understand, what exactly is that Chen Ping better than me?”
Factory Lu shouted, seemingly about to lose her mind!
“Lv factory, die to your heart, I am now Chen Ping’s man in life and Chen Ping’s ghost in death, I am already his ……”
Han Qing’er finished and gave Chen Ping an affectionate glance, it seemed that last night Chen Ping had completely conquered her!
Lv factory directly froze, his face full of incredulity!
“No, it’s impossible, absolutely impossible, you’re lying to me, you’re definitely not that kind of casual woman, for so many years, you don’t even let your hand be pulled, you’re such an innocent girl ah ……”
Lv factory simply did not believe that Han Qing’er would have followed Chen Ping and done that kind of thing!
“Lv factory, wake up, I don’t let you hold hands, it’s because I don’t like you, when I meet a man I like, I’m willing to give everything I have ……”
Han Qing’er’s words, once again, Avray irritated Lv factory!
“Ah …………” Lv factory hissed, as if crazy “Chen Ping, I will kill you, I will break you into pieces ……”
After saying that, Lv factory burst out his whole body and rushed towards Chen Ping!
“Humph!” Chen Ping coldly snorted, not even giving that Lv Factory a proper glance as he raised his foot and sent Lv Factory flying!