“Master, I have a bit of a stomachache, you guys go first, I’ll catch up right away!”
Just after taking two steps, that Zheng Jian suddenly covered his stomach and said!
“Tummy ache? How could you suddenly have a stomach ache?”
Patriarch Jiang said with a slight frown!
“Fellow Daoist Zheng, do you need me to take a look for you?”
Chen Ping stepped forward and asked!
“No need to trouble Mr Chen, it should just be a tummy ache, I’ll just facilitate it, you guys go first, don’t worry about me, I’ll catch up afterwards.”
Zheng Jian waved his hand and said!
“Alright then, just remember to catch up with us quickly!”
Chen Ping saw that Zheng Jian didn’t seem to have any major problems, so he nodded and said!
Just as soon as Chen Ping and the others left, Zheng Jian instantly straightened his body, then turned around and chased after them in the direction that Divine Doctor Liu and the others had left!
“Divine Doctor Liu, wait a moment ……”
Zheng Jian was chasing after Divine Doctor Liu and the others, so he shouted out!
Divine Doctor Liu froze and looked at Zheng Jian with a somewhat puzzled look, his face alert as he said “What’s wrong?”
“Divine Doctor Liu, I have something good to tell you, I wonder if Divine Doctor Liu is interested?”
Zheng Jian said!
“What good thing?” Divine Doctor Liu asked!
“Divine Doctor Liu, do you know someone called Chen Ping?” Zheng Jian asked!
“Chen Ping?” Divine Doctor Liu was slightly stunned, then shook his head.
While a bearded cultivator behind Divine Doctor Liu hurriedly said “You mean that Chen Ping who was given a kill order by the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
“Yes, that’s him!” Zheng Jian hurriedly nodded his head!
“What happened?” Divine Doctor Liu asked!
That bearded cultivator hurriedly told that Divine Doctor Liu after him about the matter of the Demon Sealing Alliance using a hundred years of offerings to carry out the execution of Chen Ping!
After listening to it, the Liu Divine Doctor immediately brightened up and said, “A hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance? This is a huge resource ah……”
“Divine Doctor Liu, now it is estimated that many people are looking for that Chen Ping everywhere, but I now know where that Chen Ping is.”
Zheng Jian said!
“You know?” Divine Doctor Liu shot a glance at Jian Zheng, then said with a wary look in his eyes “If you know, why didn’t you tell your master to take the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings into your Soul Demon Sect’s hands, but came to find me?”
“Are you trying to pull some tricks? Let me tell you, old me isn’t that easy to fool ……”
“Divine Doctor Liu, you’ve misunderstood, I’m not here to trick you, I really know where that Chen Ping is.”
Zheng Jian then told Chen Ping’s matter, one by one!
When Divine Doctor Liu heard that Patriarch Jiang only recovered after being helped by Chen Ping, surviving the lightning tribulation and raising his realm, then he understood!
The only way to increase one’s Yang Lifespan during Longevity Decay was to break through the realm, otherwise any elixir would be useless.
“Why are you telling me about this matter? Is there any benefit to you?”
Divine Doctor Liu still didn’t let down his guard against Jian Zheng!
After all, this was not the slightest benefit to Zheng Jian at all!
“Divine Doctor Liu, I only hope that when you kill that Chen Ping, you will incidentally kill the guy called Ochre Amazing beside my senior sister as well, as long as he is dead, my senior sister will not want him anymore.”
Zheng Jian said with hatred in his eyes!
Divine Doctor Liu looked at Zheng Jian’s expression and burst out laughing!
“Haha, I understand, don’t worry, I will kill that man beside your senior sister.”
Divine Doctor Liu smiled broadly and patted Zheng Jian’s shoulder!
“Divine Doctor Liu, you mustn’t say that I was the one who told you all this, otherwise my master won’t be able to spare me.”
Zheng Jian barked at that Divine Doctor Liu!
“Don’t worry, you gave me such a great gift, how could I possibly betray you!”
Divine Doctor Liu laughed!
Seeing Divine Doctor Liu say so, Zheng Jian was relieved, so he quickly turned around and chased towards Chen Ping and the others!
And that Divine Doctor Liu also brought four cultivators and then intercepted towards Chen Ping and their front!