But it was with this glance that Old Cao and Old Sun only felt their hearts tighten, and their two divine souls instantly dislodged from their bodies!
The physical body fell heavily to the ground, directly giving way to death!
The two people who only had their souls left scurried around in panic, but even if they only had their souls left, they still couldn’t escape this area!
Shi’s palm slightly opened, and those two people’s divine souls were instantly sucked over, and then grasped in Shi’s palm.
“Take the divine souls of the two of you and restore his power!”
After Shi finished speaking, he gently rubbed his single palm twice, and the divine souls of that Old Cao and Old Sun directly turned into a white light and were thrown into Chen Ping’s body!
The two Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivators were not even considered ants in Shi’s eyes!
At this time, even the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was hiding in a corner shivering, afraid that Mr Shi would discover him!
Such a bullish figure was repeatedly helping Chen Ping, and the Red Cloud Demon Monarch did not understand what the identity of this Chen Ping was anymore!
A dozen or so silhouettes were rapidly approaching in the distance, and soon Xiao Feng arrived with experts from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Upon seeing Mr Shi, Xiao Feng and those experts from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty all froze slightly, and then their faces changed drastically, as if they were facing a great enemy!
Although Shi did not reveal a murderous aura, and even more so did not have any aura leakage, the moment they saw Shi, everyone felt as if their hearts had been gripped hard by something!
Those experts from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty held Xiao Feng back and looked at Mr Shi warily!
“You came to pick him up?”
Shi asked to Xiao Feng!
“Yes!”Xiao Feng pushed aside the people in front of him and walked towards Mr Shi!
“He is a great opportunity for your Xiao Dynasty, grasp it ……”
After Mr Shi finished speaking, he smiled faintly and his figure unexpectedly disappeared!
It was as if there was no one here at all just now!
This shocked Xiao Feng and those experts of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Xiao Feng did not understand Mr Shi’s words, he did not understand what great chance Chen Ping would be!
“Come on people, take Mr Chen back ……”
Xiao Feng ordered his men to bring Chen Ping back!
Chen Ping was quickly brought back to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and Ji Yun blamed himself when he learnt that Chen Ping had been seriously injured!
He had been following Chen Ping all along, and now that Chen Ping had sneaked away on his own, he was surprised that he didn’t know about it!
Ji Yun was able to figure out that it must have been because the Demon Sealing Alliance had been chasing him so closely lately that Chen Ping didn’t want him to be implicated, which was why he left without saying goodbye!
Xiao Feng sent a large amount of resources and then asked Ji Yun to take care of Chen Ping!
He, on the other hand, mobilised his troops and began to defend the Imperial City!
Xiao Feng knew that the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance would be arriving soon!
Demon Sealing Alliance Headquarters.
The news of Old Sun and Old Cao’s fall had spread long ago!
Two Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade cultivators had fallen just like that, which was indeed a bit shocking to the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Alliance Master, at that time, that Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s men arrived right away, and there was no longer a chance in beheading Chen Ping.”
“I had already shouted at the two of them to leave, but they didn’t listen at all, wanting to obtain the Divine King Bow in that Chen Ping’s hand.”
“As a result, they ended up being surrounded and beheaded by the people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, but luckily, I reacted quickly, and that’s how I escaped back with two of my disciples.”
Patriarch Zhou followed Zuo Tianzheng as he spoke about the situation that day!
In fact, Patriarch Zhou didn’t even know about the deaths of Old Sun and Old Cao, and it was only after he returned to the Demon Sealing Alliance headquarters that he heard about it!
After hearing that Old Sun and Old Cao had died, Patriarch Zhou had celebrated for half a day!
However, he also knew that he had to report this matter half-truthfully!
Otherwise, he would definitely be punished if he had escaped back privately!
“Old Zhou, it must have been your greed for life and private plea to come back that caused Old Sun and Old Cao to die tragically.”
“You, this fellow, are not loyal to the Demon Sealing Alliance at all!”
Someone angrily accused at Patriarch Zhou!