“Zhu Zhishan, although I’m not here, you don’t treat me as blind, I know exactly what’s happening here, as well as your Martial Alliance’s bit of hooking, do I need to go deeper into it?”
Mr. Shi looked at that Zhu Zhishan indifferently.
When Zhu Zhishan heard this, cold sweat instantly ran down his forehead.
After saying Zhu Zhishan, Mr. Shi looked at the four villains, “You guys also go back to the Valley of the Wicked, there are some things not that the officials can’t control, but they are too lazy to control, do you understand?”
“Understood, understood ……”
Ding Dada nodded repeatedly, then glanced at Chen Ping, who nodded before Ding Dada led a few people away!
With Mr. Shi present, even if Zhu Zhishan wanted to kill Chen Ping, he wouldn’t dare to do it at this point, and could only take the Martial Arts Alliance people back with him.
This match ended with a crushing defeat for Long Xiao!
At the same time, both the Long family and the Kyoto Martial Arts Union had lost face.
Chen Ping’s fame was instantly unparalleled and many people began to look at Chen Ping with awe!
“You yourself should pay attention in the future, the Watanabe family of the island will not let you off easily, also the martial arts world of Kyoto, the strength you showed today, I’m afraid that many people will not be able to sleep, your appearance, I’m afraid that you will break the pattern of the martial arts world of Kyoto for so many years …… ”
Mr. Shi advised Chen Ping.
“Thank you Mr. Shi for reminding me ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly thanked him.
Mr. Shi patted Chen Ping’s shoulder, didn’t say anything else, and left straight away!
…………
Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
Zhu Zhishan sat on his chair with a gloomy face!
The anger in his body kept rising up, this incident today had almost made Zhu Zhishan not die of anger ……
Just when Zhu Zhishan was angry, a member of the alliance ran in, and then followed Zhu Zhishan and reported, “Master of the alliance, the foreign amba*sador from the island, Masao Nagamura, requests an audience!”
“An envoy from outside the island?” Zhu Zhishan was stunned and his brow furrowed slightly, “What is an envoy from outside the island seeing me for?”
Zhu Zhishan was puzzled, although he was the Martial Alliance’s Alliance Master, the Martial Alliance was after all a civic organization, and he, the Alliance Master, did not have any official position!
What was this island country’s foreign amba*sador doing to see him?
“Let him in!” Zhu Zhishan was puzzled, but he still let that Nagamura Masao in.
Soon, Masao Nagamura, who was dressed in a suit and had a beard, walked in.
“Master Zhu, I have taken the liberty to disturb you ……”
When Nagamura Masao saw Zhu Zhishan, he immediately said with a polite arch of his hand.
For Daxia etiquette, Nagamura Masao knew it very well, after all, he had been here for many years.
“Amba*sador Nagamura, I wonder what wind has blown you here to me? I am but a martial arts alliance alliance leader, and I don’t seem to have much to do with following Amba*sador Nagamura, do I?”
Zhu Zhishan asked with a faint smile.
“Master Zhu, I heard that a competition held by your alliance today has caused Master Zhu to become furious, so I have specially brought a dust-avoiding pearl for Master Zhu to cool down his anger!”
Nagamura Masao said, pulling out a wooden box, and after opening it a crystal clear bead was revealed.
When the dust pearl was taken out, the whole hall felt a cooling sensation!
Looking at the dust-avoiding pearl, Zhu Zhishan’s eyes lit up, but he didn’t immediately go to take it, but pretended to be deep and said, “Amba*sador Changchun, we have an old saying in Grand Xia that says, “No merit, no reward, do you suddenly give me such a valuable gift, is there something wrong with it? I think it would be better for you to say things first.”
“Haha, Alliance Master Zhu is really cautious, I have come to see Alliance Master Zhu, I do have a request, I know that your Martial Alliance also hates that Chen Ping and hates to kill him, but because of the pressure from above, you always have no chance to do it!”
“You can leave the matter of killing Chen Ping to our island a*sa*sins, but what Alliance Master Zhu has to do, that is to find a way to allow our a*sa*sins to enter the realm smoothly, and when we kill that Chen Ping, I guarantee that our people will leave immediately!”
Masao Nagamura said with a laugh.