“No matter what your Four Ming Mansions have, if I call for help, even a Great Golden Immortal wouldn’t be able to stop your fate of destruction. Still, I won’t call anyone!” Chen Ping declared!
“Fine, if you won’t call, then I will!”
With that, Ming Shao’s figure slowly retreated!
In an instant, his form vanished into the dark, ominous aura!
At the same moment, a middle-aged man emerged from the darkness. On his forehead was a single horn, making him resemble a unicorn!
Chen Ping froze, sizing up the middle-aged man in disbelief. “Are you a beast clan member?”
The middle-aged man shook his head. “My mother was of the beast clan, but the blood flowing through me now is that of the demon clan!”
“Oh, so you’re a mongrel, then…”
Chen Ping said casually, but as soon as the words left his mouth, he froze. He’d meant to mock the man, only to realise he’d overlooked the fact that his own mother was human and his father was of the dragon clan!
Didn’t that make him a mongrel too?
Bloody hell…
“You’re courting death!” The middle-aged man’s eyes flared with rage, and he charged straight at Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping didn’t dare to be careless. He swung his Dragon-Slaying Sword, unleashing a cascade of sword light!
Boom!
The sword light shattered, and Chen Ping’s body was sent flying backwards by the immense force, crashing heavily into the ground and leaving a hundred-metre-deep crater!
“Die…”
With a furious roar, the middle-aged man thrust a massive palm forward, piercing through the black mist and plunging into the hundred-metre crater, crushing down towards Chen Ping!
As the giant hand pressed down, waves of terrifying power bore down on Chen Ping’s body, compressing the surrounding earth incessantly!
Buzz…
At that moment, a sword’s cry echoed from the pit’s depths, followed by a golden sword light that shot skyward, piercing through the giant hand in an instant!
Chen Ping’s body soared into the air, wielding the Dragon-Slaying Sword as he hovered mid-air!
The Dragon-Slaying Sword emitted a faint glow, while Chen Ping’s body was enveloped in golden light, his Indestructible Golden Body now fully covering him!
At the same time, the power of his bloodline surged forth from within, causing the surrounding void to tremble incessantly!
Facing this opponent, Chen Ping didn’t dare let his guard down!
Though he could fight above his level, this foe’s strength was clearly not something to underestimate!
The middle-aged man stood with his hands behind his back, calmly observing Chen Ping. An invisible pressure emanated from him, constantly suppressing Chen Ping’s aura!
“Senior, if it comes down to the wire and I can’t hold on, it’ll be up to you!”
Chen Ping said to the Crimson Cloud Demon Lord!
“No way, this petty trash is yours to deal with. That Ming Shao, the pompous prat, though, I quite like him. I’ll take him on when the time comes.”
“I’ll show him—the harder you show off, the faster you die…”
The Crimson Cloud Demon Lord replied!
Chen Ping’s face darkened. What was that supposed to mean?
Lately, he’d been rather fond of showing off himself. Was this implying he’d die quickly too?
“If you don’t help me, if I die, you won’t escape either!”
Chen Ping said!
“Get lost, don’t try threatening me with that trick again. You won’t die. That Mr. Shi behind you could sneeze and wipe out this lot of small fry, scattering their souls.”
“He’d never let you die. Just fight properly—it’s like sparring practice. You won’t die anyway!”
The Crimson Cloud Demon Lord reassured Chen Ping!
Chen Ping thought it over and realised he was right. He still had Mr. Shi backing him!
Every time he was in danger, Mr. Shi would appear just in time. He couldn’t die anyway, so what was there to fear?
With this in mind, Chen Ping’s confidence surged instantly. Looking at the middle-aged man, he said, “Little mongrel, is that all you’ve got?”
The middle-aged man’s face flushed red with fury. He took a fierce step forward, raised his hand, and then swung it down!
Boom!
In an instant, a tremendous pressure of heaven and earth descended upon the spot where Chen Ping stood, bearing down to crush him!
Gritting his teeth, Chen Ping swung the Dragon-Slaying Sword, unleashing waves of terrifying sword qi that slashed directly at the overwhelming force!