“Ahh …………”
A harsh scream rang out as Biaozi’s left hand was chopped off!
Looking at this bloody scene, everyone was scared silly, especially that Yuan Hua!
“Thank you, Master Tiger, for not killing me!”
Biaozi clutched his broken wrist to death, holding on to the excruciating pain as he followed Lin Tianhu and thanked him!
“Don’t thank me, thank Mr. Chen!”
Lin Tianhu said coldly.
“Thank you Mr. Chen for not killing me!”
Biaozi knelt down directly to Chen Ping!
“Cousin ……?”
Yuan Hua looked at his cousin with a dumbfounded expression, not even knowing what to do!
“Why don’t you f*cking kneel down for me!”
Biao Zi yelled at Yuan Hua!
Yuan Hua knelt down with a poof, not knowing who he was kneeling for, but he just knelt on the ground anyway, with his head bowed and no longer daring to speak!
Chen Ping got up and walked towards the outside of the box!
“Biaozi, your cousin spoke ill of Mr. Chen, you can see to it yourself!”
Lin Tianhu followed behind Chen Ping and said with a cold glance at Biaozi.
“Master Tiger, I understand!”
Biaozi nodded his head repeatedly.
“And this woman!” Chen Ping pointed with his hand as he pa*sed by Liu Jiajia!
Liu Jiajia had long since turned white with fear and trembled, and when he was pointed at by Chen Ping, he actually fainted in fear straight away.
“Mr. Chen, I understand!” Biaozi replied!
Chen Ping swept another glance at the compartment, all those students were all shrinking and curling their bodies, their hearts filled with fear and regret, especially that Jiang Wenjing, who was hiding behind the others in death, her trousers were so wet with fear!
Finally Chen Ping’s gaze fell on Chen Erga, smiled towards Chen Erga and said, “Ga Zi, do a good job, I believe in your ability, if there is something you can’t handle, you can find Lin Tianhu!”
Lin Tianhu reacted quickly and immediately said towards Chen Erga, “Brother Ga Zi, if you need anything, just report my name!”
Chen Erga was already dumbfounded at this point and would only keep nodding his head!
Chen Ping and Lin Tianhu left, Biaozi gritted his teeth and had Yuan Hua and Liu Jiajia dragged out, soon there were screams from outside, Lin Tianhu gave the word, Biaozi didn’t dare to fake it!
At this moment, all the people inside the box, inside are full of regret, all want to give themselves a hard slap, if they did not taunt Chen Ping at that time, can say a word for Chen Ping, maybe they can change their life, that Chen Erga is an example!
…………
On the third floor box, only Chen Ping and Lin Tianhu were there!
“During this time, has there been any news from that Feng Sihai? Not looking for trouble, right?”
Chen Ping asked.
Lin Tianhu shook his head, “That’s not true, his master is a godless dragon, not that easy to find!”
“Humph!” Chen Ping laughed coldly, “Even if we search for his ancestor, it’s useless, a master of ancient martial arts, it’s not worth mentioning in my eyes!”
“That’s natural, what Hall Master learned is an immortal art!” Lin Tianhu immediately started patting his horse’s a*s!
“Stop it, stop patting!” Chen Ping smiled and pulled out the Power Gathering Pill from his body, “I have a pill here, after you take it, your strength will improve, then that Feng Sihai will be no match for you!”
Lin Tianhu turned out the elixir and was filled with curiosity, this elixir was only the size of a thumb and looked black, would it have such strength?
“Hall Master, what kind of elixir is this, so powerful?”
Lin Tianhu asked.
“It’s called the Gathering Strength Pill, don’t underestimate it, the herbs used in this one pill will cost millions!”
“So expensive?” Lin Tianhu was shocked, and without hesitating, he directly consumed the Power Gathering Pill.
Soon, Lin Tianhu felt a warm and comfortable feeling in his stomach, and there was a hot current running around inside his body!
At this moment, Lin Tianhu suddenly felt that his strength was soaring and he wanted to give vent to it!
Chen Ping also saw Lin Tianhu’s intention and said with a faint smile, “Do you have a backyard here? You can go and try!”
“Yes!” Lin Tianhu immediately led Chen Ping to the backyard!