Knowing that the Immortal Finger was an Immortal Technique, the thunderbolt, with the Immortal Finger’s enhancement, instantly penetrated Qi Peijia’s black mist.
Qi Peijia’s eyes widened as he looked at Chen Ping incredulously, how could he not expect that Chen Ping would have executed such a powerful move!
That thunderbolt was barely even visible as a flying swipe before it had reached the front of his eyes!
Immediately after that, it fiercely blasted on top of Qi Peijia’s eyes on that forehead!
“Ah …………”
Qi Peijia’s forehead shed blood, and the Heavenly Underworld Eyes that had opened up instantly disappeared under the thunderbolt’s bombardment!
That greyish-brown look in the heavens and earth gradually disappeared, and with the dissipation of the dark clouds, the entire heavens and earth became bright again!
“Why, why were you able to break my Heavenly Underworld Eye, why ……”
Qi Peijia yelled as if he was crazy!
He didn’t understand how Chen Ping could even find his weakness.
Obviously, when he was in the Divine Demon Battlefield, Chen Ping had been beaten very badly and was unable to find a way to crack it!
Yet now, he was able to find all the weaknesses of the Devil’s Descent, the Black Demon Armour, and the Heavenly Underworld Eyes!
This was simply too strange!
If Qi Peijia knew that in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness lived the great demon who had taught him these techniques, he wouldn’t have such a strange expression!
Patriarch Jiang and the others looked at Chen Ping in shock, they also did not expect that Chen Ping would be so powerful that he had directly captured Qi Peijia’s weakness!
Especially that Zeng Nian’an, his jaw was about to drop to the ground in shock, a Transitional Realm 2nd Grade cultivator, beating a Transitional Realm 8th Grade cultivator to the ground in every way, it was really off the mark as well!
“What else do you have? Let me tell you, even the gongfu that you are currently running, I know it like the back of my hand and am able to identify the weaknesses.”
Chen Ping levitated in mid-air and said with a cold smile on his face!
“Kid, you wait, I will get you killed sooner or later ……”
After Qi Peijia finished speaking, he swung his palms violently, a black mist wrapped around him and quickly fled!
Seeing Qi Peijia fleeing, Chen Ping did not chase after him!
Instead, his body fell from mid-air!
Although with the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s command, Chen Ping could break that Qi Peijia everywhere, but after all, the realm difference was too great, and just now, Chen Ping had almost exhausted all kinds of breath in his body!
If Qi Peijia did not run away, and was following Chen Ping to fight on, Chen Ping really had no way to deal with it, and could only use the Divine King Bow!
Now that Qi Peijia had run away, Chen Ping would not go after him, even if he caught up, Chen Ping was not sure of killing him!
“Mr Chen …………”
Seeing Chen Ping fall from mid-air, Patriarch Jiang and Ochre Yan hurriedly ran over to them!
Chen Ping’s face was a little ugly at this moment, and his breath was much weaker!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?”
Ochre Yan asked with concern!
“It’s fine, just a little tired, it’s fine.”
Chen Ping shook his head and took out quite a few pills from his storage ring and swallowed them inside his stomach in a brain!
“A mere second rank of the Transition Realm, to have beaten away a great cultivator of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, it’s really a rare spectacle!”
Zeng Nian An slowly walked over and complimented Chen Ping!
Chen Ping let out a bitter smile, he knew that if it wasn’t for the help of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, who knew Qi Peijia’s weaknesses, it was impossible for Chen Ping to scare that Qi Peijia away, plus the fact that he had just inadvertently executed the Immortal’s Finger, which caused Qi Peijia to be scared and therefore fled.
In the place of any other eighth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, it would probably be Chen Ping who fled in a sorry state!
“Mr Chen, I think it’s better for you to rest for two days before entering that mountain cave!”
Patriarch Jiang said to Chen Ping!
Now that Chen Ping was in such a condition, he was afraid that it would be dangerous if he entered that mountain cave to get the secret realm of merit!
“No, if we let someone else get there first, then wouldn’t we be making this trip for nothing.”
Chen Ping shook his head and said!
If no one had entered the mountain cave, Chen Ping might have been able to take a break, now that someone was in there and had not been blasted out for such a long time, it was likely that the other party was going to succeed!
If this were to allow someone else to take the Heavenly Demon Stones away, Chen Ping did not know where else he could go to look for the Heavenly Demon Stones!