“Man?”Zhu Ling froze, and after glancing at Chen Ping, said, “Father, was it him who helped you destroy the demonic soul?”
“Of course it was him, if I was able to destroy it myself, wouldn’t I have done so long ago.”
“This child of yours is really something too, in the future, if there is such a big event, you must tell me first.”
The old Sect Master said with a grumble!
“Big events?”Zhu Ling was even more confused, she thought it was the matter of bringing Chen Ping to him, so she bowed her head and said, “Father, I remember, I won’t dare in the future ……”
“Alright, I don’t mean to blame you, this is your own choice, I, as a father, of course I have to respect your choice.”
“It’s getting late, you guys should also go back, if you wait until after dawn, you are going to be discovered.”
The old Sect Master waved his hand and said!
“Father, since you’re already fine, aren’t you going to go out with us?”
Zhu Ling asked in disbelief!
Since you’re all fine and not crazy anymore, why don’t you go out, just so you can take back Huo Yuan Ting’s acting Sect Master!
“Although the demonic soul was destroyed, my divine sense was severely damaged, so I must recuperate before I can do so.”
“If I go out now and let that Huo Yuan Ting know that I’ve come to my senses, I’m sure the dog will jump over the wall.”
“After I recover, I’ll open the Divine Volcano and let the Divine Flame Seal see the light of day again.”
“At that time, your son-in-law will be able to make use of the Divine Flame Seal to perceive the Art of Supreme Flame Fusion!”
The old Sect Master slowly said!
“Xian son-in-law?”Zhu Ling was dumbfounded!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was shocked and hurriedly pulled Zhu Ling and said, “Senior Sister, it’s going to be dawn, let’s hurry up and leave, otherwise we’ll be in trouble ……”
Chen Ping didn’t dare to let Zhu Ling stay for a long time, if this chat went on, it would wear off!
Just like this, Zhu Ling was reluctantly pulled away by Chen Ping!
“Senior brother, what was the meaning of my father’s words just now? He seemed to call you a virtuous son-in-law? What did you guys talk about?”
Zhu Ling looked towards Chen Ping and asked in confusion!
“Oh, didn’t chat about anything ah, just explored the method of fusion of to fire, you just heard it wrong.”
“The old Sect Master said it was a casual chat, meaning that when there is free time, in looking for him to sit down, the old Sect Master and I are very temperamental.”
Chen Ping could only explain haphazardly!
“Is that so?”Zhu Ling was full of doubts!
“Of course, could it be that Senior Sister still thinks that the Old Sect Master is calling me his son-in-law? Wouldn’t that make me Senior Sister’s husband.”
“If I had a dual cultivation partner like Senior Sister who was as beautiful as the heavens and had a wonderful body, I would be able to wake up from my dreams with a smile on my face.”
Chen Ping heatedly smiled!
“Hmph, who will be your dual cultivation mate.”Zhu Ling gave Chen Ping a blank look, but it could be seen that she was not angry!
“Senior sister, haven’t you ever thought of finding a dual cultivation mate? Or maybe you don’t have a man that you appreciate?”
Chen Ping saw Zhu Ling’s look and asked!
Chen Ping had to be gentle and seductive, if he could really follow Zhu Ling in dual cultivation, then it would be the best, and then it could be easier to let the Divine Flame Seal recognise the master!
“What are you asking for?”Zhu Ling looked at Chen Ping warily!
“I …… am just curious as to what kind of man can enter the eyes of senior sister.”
Chen Ping said!
“On the contrary, there is a man that has always made me curious.”Zhu Ling said!
“Who?”Chen Ping asked!
“A fellow called Chen Ping, I have heard that this man is just in his twenties, yet he possesses a strength that is puzzling.”
“Moreover, the Demon Sealing Alliance took out a hundred years of offerings to put this Chen Ping to death, but this Chen Ping repeatedly escaped, and there was simply no way to take him.”
“I would love to meet this Chen Ping, what kind of person is he, to be able to make the Demon Sealing Alliance pay so much attention to him.”
Zhu Ling’s eyes were filled with admiration and fascination!
It looked like she really wanted to meet Chen Ping, to meet this man who made her curious!