“Could this be the path my father paved for me long ago?”
Chen Ping fell into contemplation.
Just as Chen Ping was lost in contemplation, suddenly at the entrance of the venue, a commotion broke out, waking Chen Ping up!
Only to see that Guo Wei had brought a dozen people from the Martial Dao Alliance, each of them above the eighth grade Martial Sect, and looking at this scene, Chen Ping frowned slightly.
It seemed that this Martial Dao Alliance’s heritage was not ordinary deep, to have so many Martial Sect experts!
Chen Ping followed Ding Da Da and walked over.
When Zhu Zhishan saw that Chen Ping hadn’t even left yet, the corners of his mouth lifted and he said, “Chen Ping, are you reluctant to leave?”
Chen Ping was cold, but did not say anything.
“Do you still want to taste the taste of being suppressed? If you want, the four of us brothers don’t mind giving you a taste in ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, one of the Enforcement Elders said coldly.
But just as that Enforcement Elder finished his words, he saw Ding Da’s body flicker and instantly disappear, appearing right in front of that Enforcement Elder!
Snap!
Ding Da Da slapped his palm and the Enforcement Elder’s head instantly cracked!
This sudden turn of events directly erupted and splattered Zhu Zhishan with blood.
At this moment, everyone froze, no one expected Ding Da to kill someone just by saying that he would do it, and to kill a Law Enforcement Elder of the Martial Alliance.
The incident was so sudden that Zhu Zhishan didn’t even have time to make a move.
Even Chen Ping froze for a moment, not expecting this Ding Dada to be so hot-tempered!
“Ding Da Da, you …… you ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s body trembled with anger, while the rest of the Martial Alliance, one by one, all had their breath rising, their eyes filled with killing intent.
“Whoever dares to disrespect Mr. Chen again, kill one on sight ……”
Ding Da’s face was full of murderous aura, his voice cold.
Zhu Zhishan frowned, not understanding if this Ding Da Da had taken the wrong medicine, why was he suddenly so defensive of Chen Ping?
“Ding DaDa, you killed my alliance elders at will, you must give me an explanation for this matter ……”
Although Zhu Zhishan did not want to follow the Evil Valley as an enemy, but now that things have come to this point, many people are watching, just like this, casually let go of the four villains, how can he still have prestige as an alliance leader!
“Account?” Ding didn’t have big eyes, “I’ll give you a fart explanation, big deal, we’ll die together.”
“Lao Er, send a message to the valley, gather everyone here, I want to see what the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance can do to us!”
“Big brother ……” Ding Bu Er shouted with some difficulty!
If we were to follow the Kyoto Martial Arts Union and fight, it would be a lose-lose situation and there would be a lot of bloodshed!
Ding Bu Er also did not understand why Ding Da Da suddenly wanted to follow the Kyoto Martial Arts Union.
“If I f*cking tell you to send it, you send it ……”
Ding BuDa’s face was furious!
Ding Bu Er didn’t dare to say anything else and hurriedly sent out the message!
When Zhu Zhishan saw this, his face became worse than eating sh*t!
He never imagined that this Boss Ding would follow him to the same fate as the Martial Arts Alliance for the sake of Chen Ping.
Zhu Zhishan didn’t want to follow the Wicked Valley into a real fight, but this Ding wasn’t a big hobbler and didn’t seem to be giving himself any steps.
Just when Zhu Zhishan was worried and anxious about how to take care of things, a man slowly walked over.
“Mr Shi ……”
Someone shouted, and soon the crowd parted a path!
Seeing Mr. Shi coming, even the four villains’ faces became respectful!
“Mr. Shi, this Chen Ping blatantly violated the tournament rules and tried to kill Long Xiao, and now he has colluded with people from the Vicious Valley to kill one of my elders, and now I am preparing to arrest that Chen Ping.”
Seeing that Mr. Shi had unexpectedly come, Zhu Zhishan hurriedly complained to the evil one first.