‘Hmph, petty ……’
Qian Xiu blankly glanced at that Wei Qing!
And at this time, Elder Yu came back, seeing Elder Yu come back, Qian Xiu then rushed forward and said, ‘Elder Yu, I don’t know if this council, did it say anything about my master ah?’
‘He only bumped into that Huo Sect Master a few times, but he has to be imprisoned for thirty years, that’s too heavy!’
‘There’s nothing we can do about this matter, that Huo Yuan Ting has a firm attitude, but a few of us will still plead for Elder Hu, you guys go back first.’ Elder Yu said!
Qian Xiu nodded and then left with a few disciples!
After Qian Xiu left, Elder Yu had Wei Qing leave with his people as well, leaving only Elder Yu and Chen Ping in the entire hall!
‘You made such a big commotion, someone will notice you.’
‘Learn to keep a lower profile in the future so that you won’t be noticed!’
Elder Yu reminded Chen Ping!
‘Don’t worry, I have my measure!’
Chen Ping nodded!
Elder Yu did not ask about Chen Ping’s identity, nor did he ask about Chen Ping’s strength!
Since he had collected the money, Elder Yu also knew that he should ask what he should ask and not ask what he shouldn’t ask!
This was a matter of principle!
Taking people’s money and eliminating people’s disasters, only in this way would there be more co-operation in the future!
Now that the Purple Flame Sect is in a constant state of infighting, coupled with Huo Yuan Ting’s exclusion of dissidents, Elder Yu doesn’t know how long he can stay in the Purple Flame Sect.
Taking advantage of this time to rake in a lot of money was the main thing!
‘It’s good to have a sense of proportion, but you have to be wary of one thing, that Liu Sh*tong is not a generous person.’
‘Also have to pass the inner door disciples, now have to go to think about the cliff hard training for a month, just announced, do not know if you use to go!’
‘I will try my best to fight for you, don’t go to the Siyou Cliff, that place is said to be an ascetic training, but it is actually a place for brainwashing, it might turn people into fools.’
Elder Yu said to Chen Ping!
‘A month of bitter cultivation?’ Chen Ping froze when he heard that, he didn’t have the time to spend a month here!
Not to mention that he still had a betting contract after that Mu Qing, it was impossible for him to stay in this Violet Flame Sect for a month!
‘Elder Yu, I am now an inner disciple, I still hope that you can arrange for me to follow the old Sect Master for a meeting as soon as possible.’
Chen Ping said!
‘I will arrange it, but right now that Huo Yuan Ting is guarding the old Sect Master very strictly, even the descendants of the old Sect Master’s family are having a very difficult time trying to meet up with each other nowadays.’
‘Don’t be in a hurry, if you can, I’ll let you follow the old Sect Master’s daughter to meet first, if the old Sect Master’s daughter understands the Supreme Fire Transition method, you don’t have to meet the old Sect Master. ‘
‘Finish your business and leave the Purple Flame Sect as soon as possible, or else you’ll be in trouble if you’re being watched!’
Elder Yu also didn’t want Chen Ping to stay in the Purple Flame Sect for long, after all, the person who received the money to bring him in would not be easy for him to deal with if he was investigated!
‘Good, I will listen to Elder Yu’s arrangements for everything!’
Chen Ping nodded.
Since he was here, Chen Ping could only listen to that Elder Yu, otherwise Chen Ping would not recognise the old Sect Master even if he met him!
While Elder Yu left, Wei Qing walked in and said with great curiosity, ‘Senior brother, what did master say to you?’
‘Nothing, Master said that he wanted me to keep a low profile, and that he wanted me to meet the old Sect Master’s daughter.’
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
‘What? Master asked you to meet Senior Sister Zhu Ling?’
Wei Qing’s eyes were filled with surprise, ‘Senior brother, you don’t know, this Senior Sister Zhu Ling is a rare beauty, and she usually lives in deep seclusion, even among the disciples of the Purple Flame Sect, not many people have seen her.’
‘I’ve heard that if a man gets a look from her, he’ll have his soul hooked away, I’ve never had the chance to see it.’
‘I can’t believe that you’ve just entered the inner sect, and master is letting you go see her, I also want to see it!’