Boom ……
The senior member of the Broken Heart Sect fell heavily on the wall, spitting blood, and died directly out of breath!
This time, everyone is stunned, incredulous look at Hu Pazi!
The top bra*s of the Broken Gut Sect is at least a fifth-grade Grand Martial Sect, but now he was killed by a casual throw!
At this moment, all the senior members of the Broken Gut Sect all rose up, their bodies trembling slightly.
And the patriarch of the Broken Heart Sect also had an ugly look on his face!
Hu Pocky picked up the tea, gently sip, then nodded: “Well, good, is good tea, top quality Biluochun, you come over to taste ……”
Hu Pazi beckoned towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping walked over, and a Broken Heart Sect senior see the situation, not waiting for Chen Ping to make a move, hurriedly gave up the position!
Chen Ping followed Hu Puzi to sit left and right, quietly sipping tea!
And those people of the Broken Gut Sect, all sweating profusely, so scared that their hearts are going to stop!
“Who the hell are you …… guys?”
The Broken Heart Patriarch asked cautiously.
Snap!
The words just fell!
Only to see Chen Ping wave his hand, a powerful qi instantly smacked the Broken Gut Sect Master’s face.
“Our identity, you don’t deserve to know ……”
Chen Ping coldly glanced at that Broken Heart Sect Patriarch!
This time, that Broken Gut Patriarch hurriedly shut his mouth!
“A little hungry, go prepare some food!”
After Hu Pazi took a sip of tea, he said to the Broken Gut Patriarch.
“Good good ……”
The Broken Gut Patriarch nodded his head and ran out in a panic!
And those Broken Gut Sect senior also followed out, Chen Ping they did not stop!
When they ran out of the hall, these people of the Broken Gut Sect heaved a sigh of relief.
“Patriarch, what should we do? These two guys look very strong, they must be Martial Marquis experts.”
A senior member of the Broken Heart Sect asked.
“First stabilize these two people, when Lord Black Bronze Robe comes out from the secret realm, he will naturally be able to deal with these two people ……”
The Broken Gut Sect Patriarch said.
Soon, sumptuous food and drinks were brought up, and Chen Ping and Hu Pazi began to eat and drink!
Two people like in their own home, very comfortable!
Not caring that many people around the hall were leering at the two of them!
This kind of descending blow, really makes people’s hearts very happy!
After having enough wine and food, Hu Ma Zi picked his teeth: “It’s cool to have someone to wait on ……”
Chen Ping did not speak, but emitted his divine sense out, probing everything within the ancient ruins!
But after Chen Ping’s divine sense entered the ancient ruins, nothing could be detected at all, it was as if he had entered a chaotic world!
Immediately afterwards, an incomparably domineering and powerful aura instantly cut off Chen Ping’s divine sense!
Chen Ping was shocked and his body involuntarily swayed!
“What’s wrong with you?”
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi asked in a hurry.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, said with an ugly face, “In this ancient ruin, it looks really dangerous ……”
Just as Chen Ping finished his words, he heard a loud sound coming from the depths of Xuan Yue Valley!
Boom …………
A terrifying aura came to the face, many people of the Broken Gut Sect were instantly blown away and fell heavily on top of the cliff wall, too dead to die!
Many houses of the Broken Gut Sect were also destroyed by this breath!
Everyone looked at the depths of Xuan Yue Valley in shock, their faces unbearably ugly!
“What’s going on?”
Hu Pazi got up in a hurry.
And Chen Ping was already rushing out, heading straight for the entrance to the ancient ruins!
Pocky Hu followed closely behind!
Soon, at the entrance of a dark cave that looked like hell, a black copper robe was desperately running outward!
“Help, help …………”
The black copper robe shouted, and behind this black copper robe, a thing with teeth and claws, shaped like a severe ghost, was constantly hissing.
When that black copper robe ran out of the ancient ruins cave, and the guy in the shape of a harsh ghost, does not want to stop in the slightest!