When Chen Ping followed Hu Ma Zi into the wooden hut, he couldn’t help but be shocked by the simplicity of the hut!
There was no decent furniture in the room, but there were plenty of bottles of wine!
“Old Fan, is this where you live? This is no better than a doghouse.”
“What kind of work do you do on the island? You can’t even feed yourself!”
Hu Ma Zi couldn’t help but exclaim.
Chen Ping was also amazed, according to that strength of Old Fan, he shouldn’t be mixing like this.
“Hey, business is hard now, there is no way ……”
Old Fan sighed.
“What kind of business are you in anyway?” Hu Ma Zi asked.
“The business of killing people ……”
Old Fan said indifferently.
“The business of killing people?” Pocky Hu didn’t understand for a moment!
But Chen Ping did react and said in a hurry, “You’re a killer?”
Old Fan didn’t hide, and nodded without hesitation.
“You’ve become a killer, mixed up to this point? According to your strength, no one is looking for you to kill someone?”
Hu Puzi saw that Old Fan had mixed up like this, so it must be that no one was looking for him in the business of killing people!
Old Fan shook his head, “It’s not that no one is looking for him, but that he can’t afford to find ……”
Old Fan’s words made Chen Ping and Hu Puzi stare again, they didn’t understand what this Old Fan really meant!
“Can’t afford to find? How much do you need to kill someone? People can’t afford to find them?”
Hu Pazzi asked curiously.
“Ten billion dollars …….”
Old Fan said casually.
This startled both Chen Ping and Hu Pocky.
Ten billion dollars to kill one person?
It was no wonder no one could afford to find it ……
“The first thing you need to do is to get a good deal.
Hu Pazzi didn’t understand, this old Fan was having trouble eating and drinking, and he still dared to ask for a ten billion dollar fee!
“You can go without food and drink, but the price cannot change, otherwise wouldn’t I be dropping my own price ……”
Old Fan said with a big pie in his face!
This statement made Hu Ma Zi speechless, but Chen Ping did ask curiously, “Then why are the Watanabe family’s samurai, so afraid of you, is it because of your ten billion dollar honorarium?”
“Of course not, because I have killed all the a*sa*sins in the whole of Xijing in order to have business, so these people are afraid of me!”
“Only, now that there are no more a*sa*sins in Xijing, there is still no one looking for me ……”
Old Fan said slightly helplessly.
Hearing that Old Fan had actually killed the entire a*sa*sins in Xijing just to have business, Hu Ma Zi and Chen Ping were all shocked!
This kind of novel business mind, it was estimated that only this Old Fan could think of it!
Killing all his peers in order to have a voice for himself ……
Chen Ping was sort of very impressed with Old Fan, while that Hu Ma Zi was looking at Old Fan with a speechless face!
“Old Fan, then can you tell me about the Watanabe family? I came here this time because of the Watanabe family.”
Chen Ping asked to Old Fan.
“Running towards the Watanabe Family?” Old Fan faintly stared!
Hu Ma Zi hurriedly explained and told of Chen Ping’s grudge following the Watanabe clan!
Upon hearing this, Old Fan understood and slowly spoke, “For the sake of you buying me wine, I’ll tell you some secrets you don’t know ……”
As Old Fan narrated, Chen Ping followed Hu Ma Zi and became more and more frightened as he listened ……
It turned out that the Watanabe family was able to become one of the top families in the island and also the number one family in the western suburbs solely because of the shrine behind the Watanabe family!
You know that in the island, everyone believes in shrines and even sacrifices their lives for the sake of an unwarranted deity!
The president of the Chizuru Shrine behind the Watanabe family is rumoured to be the spirit of an ancient deity who survived through Shinto transformation.
It’s like being reincarnated!