Chen Ping smiled without saying anything, if it was God helping, then he was God!
At this time, Liu Sh*tong, who was outside the examination barrier, was also watching the examination!
Wei Qing was also there, after all, this was a gamble of quite a few spirit coins!
When he saw Chen Ping and the others being overtaken by Lu San, Wei Qing’s hands were covered in sweat stains!
However, when he saw Chen Ping and the others suddenly speed up and overtake Lu San and the others, a smile appeared on Wei Qing’s face!
Liu Sh*tong, however, had a frown on his face!
“What’s going on here? Could it be that there’s something wrong with the examination barrier?”
“Someone come, go check it over immediately.”
Liu Sh*tong roared angrily!
Someone soon went to check the assessment level, after all, if the assessment level really had problems, then this assessment would be meaningless!
“Liu Sh*tong, our people surpassed you guys, that’s when the barrier went wrong, you know that just now your people were in front, why don’t you go check it?”
Wei Qing asked somewhat smugly at that Liu Sh*tong!
“Wei Qing, checking the barrier is also my duty, I can check when I like, what do you care?”
Liu Sh*tong glared at Chen Ping in exasperation!
Soon, several disciples went to inspect the barrier, only to return soon after!
“Senior brother Liu, there is no problem with the barrier ah, everything is in normal far turn, no matter if it is the array pattern or the spirit stone reserve, it is all normal.”
After checking, he said to Liu Sh*tong!
Liu Sh*tong frowned, he also couldn’t figure out how Chen Ping and the rest of them, how could they be so fast, the pressure didn’t seem to have an effect on them?
How could he possibly think that this kind of mighty pressure, Chen Ping could eliminate it with a wave of his hand!
“Go and check for me again, be careful.”
Liu Sh*tong once again sent the people away!
And at this time, Chen Ping and the others were already about to pass through that place of mighty pressure!
Along the way was relaxed and happy, talking and laughing, not digesting their own spiritual energy in the slightest!
“We’re about to kill the Fire Spirit Beast in front of us, fortunately, everyone didn’t consume their own Spiritual Energy along the way, so there’s no need to be afraid in the face of that Fire Spirit Beast.”
Qian Xiu said to the crowd!
Hearing Qian Xiu’s words, Chen Ping felt that this Purple Flame Sect’s inner sect examination was really perverted, on this journey, letting people consume all their spiritual energy, and then killing the Fire Spirit Beast, wouldn’t that be playing with the Fire Spirit Beast to death!
Fortunately, on this journey, the people had Chen Ping’s help and did not consume their own spiritual energy, so they would not be afraid to face the Fire Spirit Beasts!
With the disappearance of the pressure, thousands of beasts with flames burning on their bodies appeared in front of Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping could see at a glance that these Fire Spirit Beasts were nothing more than illusions, they were all just phantom beasts!
If they were real Fire Spirit Beasts, this Purple Flame Sect’s Inner Disciple Examination, I’m afraid that it would turn into a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood, and I don’t know how many disciples would have to die!
And these phantom beasts, but will not really kill these assessment disciples, after all, these are phantom beasts, is controlled by the Purple Inferno Sect!
And the strength of these fire spirit beasts is also controlled by the examination master, and can be adjusted at will!
Looking at the black pressurised fire spirit beasts in front of them, even though all of them had preserved their strength, they still had trepidation!
“Everyone don’t be afraid, these fire spirit beasts aren’t much powerful, as long as everyone is killing a hundred fire spirit beasts, they will be able to pass this level.”
“But no one is allowed to help, you must complete the kill alone, if the fire spirit beasts are killed by two people, or more people, it does not count, when the fire spirit beasts die, only one person’s breath must be left on their body.”
Qian Xiu followed the group and explained!
“Senior Sister Qian, tell us about the characteristics of these Fire Spirit Beasts, so we can deal with them as well!”
Someone asked!