Chen Ping looked at Long Jingguo like that, then took a few sharp puffs of his cigarette and turned around to leave!
But just as he reached the door, Long Jingguo suddenly spoke up, “Chen Ping, I advise you to let me go early, if I don’t go back, no one will be able to open the dungeon, your mother will have to starve, and if she dies of starvation, it won’t be my fault!”
Chen Ping froze, his body trembled slightly, then he turned around violently and slapped that Long Jingguo’s face fiercely!
“Why, why?”
“She is your own sister, why are you doing this to her?”
“Are you a human being? Are you a beast?”
“I think you’re even worse than a beast ……”
Chen Ping went mad, his eyes turned scarlet and he slapped Long Jingguo’s face one after another!
Long Jingguo was bruised and swollen, spitting blood from his mouth, but he still wore a cold smile on his face!
“Chen Ping, I’m telling you, you’re a b*****d, your mother almost killed the entire Long family back then!”
“He actually ran off with someone before the big wedding and got pregnant with such a wild child as you.”
“Do you know how much of a joke this has made of our Long family?”
“If it wasn’t for me, your mother would have been dead by now, long since turned into white bones!”
Long Jingguo said with a cold smile on his face as he turned to Chen Ping.
“You fart, how could you have been kind enough to save my mother, you are just farting ……”
Chen Ping ruthlessly smashed his fist on Long Jingguo’s face, causing Long Jingguo to stop only when he finally couldn’t even speak.
Chen Ping personally got up dumbfounded and then walked out of the room!
He was going to find Long Wu and ask what was going on with his mother?
When Long Wu saw that look on Chen Ping’s face, he couldn’t help but worry, “Chen Ping, what’s wrong with you?”
“Uncle Long, what is going on with my mother? Who is my father? Did my mother run away with someone during the big wedding?”
Chen Ping asked with a longing look at Long Wu.
He wanted to know, he wanted to know the truth, he wanted to know everything about himself!
Long Wu looked at Chen Ping and after a moment sighed and said, “Your mother did run away with someone before the big wedding, but your mother was forced to marry, she didn’t want to get married at all!”
“At that time, the master was also forced to do so, if he didn’t agree, the whole Long family was afraid that they would all suffer!”
“How is that possible?” Chen Ping was somewhat unconvinced, “Wasn’t the Long Family one of the top families in the martial arts world in Kyoto at that time? Who could threaten the Dragon Family?”
“Ai, not to mention the entire world, just this entire Grand Xia, there are more than thousands of clans and families, many of which have remained in the world for thousands of years.”
“All of these clans have survived in other ways, slowly adapting to the new society, most of these clans and families are hidden from the world, that’s why they have survived for so many years!”
“And now if you don’t investigate Avray, you simply can’t find out that those clans and families have a background of thousands of years!”
“And that Purple Sky House is one of those clans that have been left behind for thousands of years, back then they proposed marriage to the Long Family, and the old master didn’t dare not say no!”
“Later on, when Missy escaped, the Purple Sky House became angry with the Long Family and wanted to take Missy away to be sacrificed to Heaven, and the old master fell ill as a result!”
“That Long Jingguo took the opportunity to poison the old master, imprisoned the eldest young miss, and did not hand her over to the Purple Sky House, but compensated the Purple Sky House with a large amount of resources before the matter was put to rest!”
Long Wu followed Chen Ping as he recounted the situation back then!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, it seemed that this Long Jingguo was right, if he hadn’t locked up his mother, he might have been captured by that Violet Heavenly Mansion.
“Uncle Long, I’m going to Kyoto now, tomorrow you tell the four villains to escort Long Jingguo to Kyoto in exchange ……”
Chen Ping said to Long Wu.
“Isn’t it an exchange in three days? How come we are going tomorrow?”
Long Wu was astonished.