A light lingered on Ning Zhi’s body, knowing that around the Demon Subduing Tower, Chen Ping would definitely lay down a formation.
Just as Ning Zhi was cautiously approaching the Demon Subduing Tower!
Suddenly a bolt of lightning streaked across the sky!
Boom!
After a loud bang, a large crater instantly appeared in front of Ning Zhi!
Luckily, Ning Zhi dodged just in time, or else he would have been directly hit by the blast.
“D*mn, a killing formation has really been laid down, fortunately I was prepared!”
Ning Zhi cursed as he looked at the deep crater in front of him.
Ning Zhi’s palm then flickered with light, followed by a fierce slap out.
Rumble ……
The space in front of him fluctuated, and immediately afterwards, the killing formation laid down by Chen Ping could be seen revealed.
Within the killing formation, a lightning-like light constantly flashed up.
“What a powerful killing formation!”
Ning Zhi looked at the killing formation in front of him with a grave expression.
But with the Demon Subduing Tower right in front of him, Ning Zhi was not going to give up so easily.
“What the f*ck are you all freezing for, together we’ll break this killing formation ……”
Ning Zhi roared.
Several experts from the Ning Clan stepped forward, each exploding with their full strength.
Boom!
A heaven-shattering sound rose, and the killing formation laid by Chen Ping instantly shattered like gla*s in an instant!
With the power of several half-step Martial Marquises, this killing formation could not hold up!
Looking at the broken killing formation, the corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted up in a hint of smugness.
“Just like this, you want to stop me?”
Ning Zhi walked up to the door of the Demon Subduing Tower, and immediately afterwards, he kicked at the door of the Demon Subduing Tower.
But who knew that with this kick, the door of the Demon Subduing Tower did not move at all.
Instead, a stream of light flashed above the gate and Ning Zhi’s body was sent flying straight out.
Ning Zhi frowned and said with a frown, “How could this happen?”
Ning Zhi stepped forward and once again held his breath, followed by a fierce smash towards the gate.
But the gate remained untouched, not even a trace of it.
On the contrary, Ning Zhi’s body was sent flying even further away this time, and fell heavily to the ground.
Ning Zhi looked at the Demon Subduing Tower in front of him in shock, his face turning very ugly.
“You guys try ……”
Ning Zhi asked several experts from the Ning Family to try.
But the result was the same, no matter how hard these people tried, or even attacked with their spells, they couldn’t shake the gate and were injured by the force that struck back.
“What the …… hell is going on here?”
The faces of the people all became very unpleasant.
These people were all half-step Martial Marquis, not to mention a gate, even a mountain would have collapsed long ago under such a blast.
“What’s going on here?”
Ning Zhi turned his gaze towards Ding Da, after all, this Demon Subduing Tower was now within the Valley of the Wicked.
“How would I know!”
Ding Da Da said with a flat expression.
At first, Ding Da Da was a little worried about Chen Ping, but when he saw that this Demon Subduing Tower came with its own forbidden formation and was also very strong, he was quite relieved.
He knew that even if he was a Martial Marquis, not to mention these people, he would not be able to open the door.
It was evident that this Demon Subduing Tower was by no means an ordinary treasure.
“Young master, what do we do?”
At this moment, a Ning Family subordinate asked.
Ning Zhi looked at the Demon Suppressing Tower in front of him and pondered for a moment, “Send two people to watch here and bring these old things back first.”
“I don’t believe that this Chen Ping will never come out, as long as he does, we can just use the lives of these old guys to threaten him.”
“Since the Vicious Valley is desperately protecting him, then Chen Ping must have an unusual relationship following these old things from the Vicious Valley!”
After sending two people to guard the Demon Suppression Tower, Ning Zhi took the people from the Vicious Valley back.
Calm returned to the Valley of the Wicked, with the smell of blood everywhere, and corpses that no one had collected.
The Valley of the Wicked, which had stood for decades and was renowned for its reputation, had collapsed and disappeared almost overnight.
The news of the destruction of the Valley of the Wicked and the capture of the four wicked men also spread instantly throughout the martial world.