“Today I will show you the strength of a true Martial God ……”
After saying that, Tong You Gong’s body leapt up once again, his feet transformed into a streak of shadow, and countless powerful qi whistled towards Chen Ping like a cannonball!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping looked at the roiling powerful qi, and with a wave of the Zeng Long Sword in his hand, countless sword shadows, emitting a roiling golden light!
One, two, three …………
Six figures of Chen Ping appeared, each of them emitting a terrifying aura, all six of them wielding their swords at the same time, blocking that sky of energy!
Boom boom boom …………
The void trembled and burst, the heavens and earth seemed to tremble at this moment!
The rocks were flying all over the mountainside, and this terrifying force had caused the mountainside to collapse into a deep crater!
In almost the blink of an eye, Tong You Gong kicked out countless kicks!
And Chen Ping also relied on the Nine Shadows Sword Technique to swing out countless sword maces!
Sword mangles and powerful qi collided in mid-air, making explosive sounds!
Liu Xing, who was not far away, saw this scene and his face turned a little ugly!
“I didn’t expect that this kid could follow Tong You Gong in such a fierce battle by relying on the strength of a Martial Saint ……”
Liu Xing did not like to think that Chen Ping, a Martial Saint, still had the ability to follow Tong You Gong in a battle!
In his opinion, as long as Tong Yougong really strikes, Chen Ping is afraid that he will not be able to receive a single move!
But now, looking at the fight between the two, Chen Ping’s strength was not inferior to his own.
Even when Liu Xing followed Tong Youkong in a fight, it wasn’t this intense, and after only a few moves, Liu Xing was defeated!
“This guy’s sword technique is so strange, those figures don’t look like illusions, each one of them actually carries an aura.”
Liu Rui looked at the Nine Shadows Sword Technique used by Chen Ping and asked in a strange manner.
“There is something strange about this kid, and I don’t know how he possesses such strength at such a young age.”
“There’s also that sword in his hand, it’s obviously not a mortal object, the sword spirit has awakened.”
“I really don’t know, when did such a person appear in the Martial Dao world?”
Liu Xing also felt very strange and said.
“Senior brother, is it possible that this person is from the secret realm and came out?”
Liu Rui asked.
“Impossible, although there are many experts in the secret realm, the secular realm they came from simply cannot bring out their true strength, the secular realm has a suppression on them.”
“Otherwise, do you think we, the secluded martial arts families, would still have such an easy and relaxing environment to cultivate?”
“Many resources would have been snatched away by those clans in the secret realm long ago, and you and I wouldn’t be able to cultivate so fast.”
Liu Xing shook his head and said.
“Master has said that we and those clans in the secret realm are equal, and in the end the different paths will lead us to a path of cultivation.”
Liu Rui looked at Liu Xing in disbelief and said.
“Hey, it’s not that easy, if it was that easy, Master wouldn’t have to be depressed every day.”
Liu Xing sighed!
Just as the two were talking, the original deafening sound of explosions had stopped and the smoke and dust slowly dispersed!
Tong You Gong looked at Chen Ping coldly!
At this moment, Chen Ping, however, looked a little wretched, and although he had used the Nine Shadows Sword Technique, he had still received a few kicks.
“A fellow of the Martial Saint realm, to be able to block my strike, it’s really something.”
“What sword technique did you just use that could instantly manifest five identical versions of yourself?”
“Yes, it wasn’t an illusion, because those figures all have attacking power, so it seems that you really do have quite a few secrets on you.”
“In that case, it seems all the more reason for me to bring you back to the Heavenly Thunder Sect.”
Tong You Gong’s eyes were filled with curiosity as he looked at Chen Ping, he was now eager to completely understand Chen Ping through and through!
Chen Ping’s eyes were sharp as he looked at Tong You Gong, he knew that he would have to use some tricks if he wanted to win!