The Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was now long ago comparable to a Martial Saint Artifact, and even surpa*sed it.
Moreover, Chen Ping also had the flesh of a Blood Demon, which was comparable to the strongest shield.
As long as he used both of them, Chen Ping was confident that he could exterminate that Martial Dao Alliance’s people.
“Alright, I’ll go do it now ……”
Long Xingxu nodded his head.
Chen Ping then went to rest, knowing that Chen Ping had returned, many people wanted to beg to see Chen Ping, only that Chen Ping didn’t see anyone!
And at this moment in the Martial Dao Alliance, the news of Chen Ping’s return was first learned by the people of the Martial Dao Alliance!
Seven black and silver robes sat on either side, while on the main seat was Ning Zhi with an arrogant face!
At this moment, Ning Zhi was still dressed in black and bronze robes, but when the seven black and silver robes below saw Ning Zhi, they all bowed their heads slightly!
Looking at the way the seven black and silver robes treated him, Ning Zhi couldn’t say how swollen his heart was at this moment!
“That Chen Ping has returned, have you all thought of a way to deal with it?”
“Knowing that that Chen Ping has returned, he will definitely be looking for trouble with the Martial Dao Alliance, and that the great powers are now keen to obtain that boy’s flesh, you all need to think of a way as soon as possible.”
Ning Zhi said in a condescending tone.
“Demon Envoy, the seven of us will get that Chen Ping as soon as possible, with just us seven brothers, plus the two Martial Saint Artifacts, that Chen Ping is no match at all.”
The elder brother got up and said respectfully to Ning Zhi.
Even though Ning Zhi was young, even though Ning Zhi was only a Black Bronze Robe to begin with, there was no way around it, whoever made the Demon Envoy take a fancy to Ning Zhi’s body, now Ning Zhi would be the Demon Envoy, and they, the Black Silver Robe, would have to respectfully follow orders!
“Alright, three days, I’ll only give you three days, if you can’t catch that Chen Ping after three days, you’ll be waiting to be punished.”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, all he saw was a black mist filling the air, and immediately afterwards Ning Zhi’s body disappeared.
“Bah, what the hell, how did the Demon Envoy take a fancy to this guy’s body?”
A black and silver robed spat fiercely, clearly unconvinced.
“Old Fifth, don’t talk nonsense, the Devil Envoy acts, it’s not for you and me to discuss, think hard about how to catch that Chen Ping in three days.”
The boss said with a sad face.
Although with the seven of them joining forces and the Martial Saint Weapon, capturing Chen Ping was not a difficult task!
But Chen Ping was the Dragon Sect Sect Master, and now the entire Dragon Sect’s power was spread all over Kyoto, plus Chen Ping was involved with the official Mr. Shi, if they went to capture Chen Ping by force, they would definitely meet a lot of resistance!
To capture Chen Ping without causing turmoil in the entire Kyoto martial arts community, they needed to think of a way to have the best of both worlds.
“Big brother, can’t we just use Chen Ping’s girlfriend to lure that Chen Ping here?”
A black and silver robed said.
“No, this method has been used on Chen Ping long ago, this guy probably won’t fall for it, and he knows that none of us would really dare to kill his girlfriend.”
The boss shook his head.
“Big brother, or else we’ll go and stake out, as soon as that Chen Ping appears, we’ll arrest him.”
Older Brother Three spoke up.
“Third brother, do you think that Chen Ping is an ordinary person and we will arrest him as soon as we reach out? When the time comes, there will definitely be a fight, this is going to cause a riot, a lot of people are going to die, do you think the officials will sit back and do nothing then?”
“And the great power has explained not to follow the official until the aura is revived.”
Old Six reminded.
“What then? This won’t work, that won’t work, are we just going to wait for that Chen Ping to come to us?”
Old Five yelled with some annoyance.
And just at this time, a clamour came from the entrance of the Martial Alliance, and the oldest said, “Old Five, go out and take a look at ……”
Old Five nodded, and then walked out!