The four villains headed out the door and no one dared to stop them.
As for Chen Ping, he was supported by Zhao Barging, and the group of people also headed out the door!
As Zhu Zhishan watched Chen Ping leave, the murderous intent in his eyes grew stronger and stronger!
The guy who had placed the bets on Chen Ping and Long Xiao had already come running over with glee to redeem the bets on Chen Ping’s victory!
This time, this guy had made a fortune, many people had bet on Long Xiao, and now all that money had gone into his pocket as the banker!
“Young man, you take care of yourself, we should go now, next time even if we see you in danger, we won’t care, this time it’s just returning the favor ……”
Ding didn’t big say, and led the other three to prepare to leave.
“Thank you four seniors, great kindness, I will remember!”
Chen Ping said with a fist clasp towards the four villains.
Just as Ding Da was about to take the others away, he suddenly noticed the Heavenly Dragon Ring on the fist-clasping Chen Ping’s hand!
A look of horror appeared in Ding Da’s eyes, but it was only a flash!
“You come with me, I have something to ask you ……”
Ding Da Da beckoned towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was very surprised, but still followed Ding DaDa towards the side!
When Chen Ping followed Ding Da Da to a hidden place, Ding Da suddenly turned around and knelt down towards Chen Ping!
“Senior ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly went forward to help Ding Da Da, not understanding what Ding Da was doing.
However, no matter how hard Chen Ping tried, Ding Da Da did not move at all!
“My subordinate Ding Da Da, pay my respects to the Heavenly Dragon Hall Master ……”
Ding Da Da said with a face full of respect.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, his whole body went boom and his head went blank!
The Heavenly Dragon Hall Master?
Could it be that this Evil Valley was also a hall of the Heavenly Dragon Hall?
This was too much of a surprise to Chen Ping, to know that this Vicious Valley was very strong, just these four villains were afraid that they had all reached the Martial Marquis realm, or else how could they have no fear of the Kyoto Martial Alliance.
But such a powerful person would be a member of the Heavenly Dragon Hall?
How terrifying was this Heavenly Dragon Hall?
And what was the strength of the other halls?
It was only after a long while that Chen Ping sobered up from his shock.
“Senior, how …… did you guys join the Heavenly Dragon Hall? Who was this previous Hall Master?”
Chen Ping asked with some urgency.
Since he knew that this Heavenly Dragon Ring was his was his father’s gift to his mother, and now that his mother had given it to him, then the previous Hall Master of this Heavenly Dragon Hall, that must be his father.
But who knows, Boss Ding shook his head, “Hall Master, you can just call me Ding Da, the word senior, I can’t afford it, I don’t know who the previous Hall Master of the Heavenly Dragon Hall is, we only recognize the Heavenly Dragon Ring.”
“As for how we joined the Heavenly Dragon Hall, it’s a long story …………”
Boss Ding followed Chen Ping as he recounted the events of more than twenty years ago.
Back then, the Vicious Valley was under siege from many sects and families in the martial arts world, and it looked like the entire Vicious Valley was about to die out.
Just then, a mysterious man saved them!
With his own strength, he repelled the attack of hundreds of martial arts experts.
It was at that time that the Valley of the Wicked became a hall of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, and Ding had been waiting for the appearance of the Heavenly Dragon Ring!
“Could that mysterious man be my father?”
Chen Ping muttered to himself!
At this moment, Chen Ping actually had some anticipation in his heart, he was eager to know his father’s identity, and he was also eager to know where the other halls of the Heavenly Dragon Hall were, and what their strength would be.
All along this journey, Chen Ping had found that at every stage, when he was having a difficult time, he had come across one of the Heavenly Dragon Hall’s cantons!
Lin Tianhu in Hongcheng, Red Phoenix in the provincial city, Shadowless Villa in Kyoto, and now the Valley of the Evil ……