“I’m fine, this killing formation was broken by me, I’m too good ……”
It turned out that Zhu Ling was happy!
“Senior sister is too good, I told you that if senior sister steps in, there will definitely be no problem.”
Chen Ping praised Zhu Ling.
Zhu Ling on the other hand was excitedly hugging Chen Ping, she felt that Chen Ping was like her confidant!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, hugged Zhu Ling, and for a while, his hands felt like there was nowhere to put them, and then he groped around randomly!
Zhu Ling also noticed it, but she did not stop Chen Ping!
“Bold curmudgeon, my daughter dares to touch indiscriminately?”
Just when Chen Ping was groping happily, there was a sudden angry shout, which scared Chen Ping and directly pushed Zhu Ling away!
“Father?”
Zhu Ling was instantly happy when she heard this voice!
Hearing the old Sect Master’s voice, that proved that the old Sect Master did not have an accident!
Zhu Ling led Chen Ping through the formation, and then arrived in front of a magnificent building, and after pushing open the door, Chen Ping found that under a curtain of light, an old man wearing a purple robe was sitting quietly on top of a jade platform.
This was the old master of the Purple Flame Sect, looking very kind and amiable, where one could see a bit of madness.
“Father ……”
Zhu Ling shouted excitedly!
“Old Sect Master!”Chen Ping also hurriedly shouted!
However, Chen Ping looked at the old Sect Master that around his body, there was a black gas that if anything was surrounding him, as if these black gases were going to invade the old Sect Master’s body!
However, around the body of the old Sect Master, there was a layer of faint purple colour, blocking the intrusion of the black qi!
Chen Ping glanced out of the window, it was the time when the moon was full and high in the sky, under the light of the moon, the purple aura around the old Sect Master’s body was getting thicker and thicker!
Seeing this, Chen Ping seemed to have guessed a general idea.
The reason why the old Sect Master was insane was definitely caused by a demonic qi entering his body and controlling his divine sense!
And the reason why he was sometimes insane and sometimes lucid was because under the moonlight of the dark night, the old Sect Master’s own internal breath would force the demonic qi out of his body temporarily, and that was when he was lucid!
However, every time Elder Yu and the others came to see the old Sect Master, they definitely entered during the day, so every time they saw the old Sect Master, he was in a state of insanity!
“Father, I just couldn’t contact you, it really scared me to death, why are you ignoring me?”
Zhu Ling said as she looked at the old Sect Master with some complaints!
The old Sect Master on the other hand glanced at Chen Ping, and then said to Zhu Ling, “Daughter, you and I meeting is a top secret among top secrets, even Elder Yu and I won’t allow you to say anything about it, so how can you suddenly bring an unfamiliar brat here?”
It turned out that it was the old Sect Master who had sensed Chen Ping’s presence, and that was why he had not followed Zhu Ling’s contact!
“Father, this is Elder Yu’s newly accepted disciple, considered to be my Du Junior Brother, he shouldn’t be a stranger.”
Zhu Ling hurriedly introduced Chen Ping’s identity!
“Silly daughter, I see that you’re being obsessed by love, are you looking at this guy and that’s why you brought him here?”
The old Sect Master sighed lightly and said!
“No, absolutely not, I just had a bet with him and I lost, that’s why I brought him here.”
“How could I possibly fancy him, absolutely not!”
Zhu Ling denied in a panic.
Seeing Zhu Ling’s flustered appearance, the old Sect Master was even more convinced, so he smiled faintly and said, “Alright, don’t you dare to argue, just now that boy touched you for half a day, you didn’t even resist.”
“You have to know, other men look at you twice more, you have to fight with your hands.”
“I ………… “Zhu Ling opened her mouth, and for a moment, she didn’t know how to be soph*moric!
Just now Chen Ping did hug her and used his hands to touch her indiscriminately!
It was also true that she didn’t resist, she didn’t even resent it, and there was a hint of relief yet!
“Alright, you go out, I’ll have a good chat with this kid, dare to slight my daughter, I’d like to see how capable he is!”
The old Sect Master waved his hand, letting Zhu Ling out!