Without knowing, it was impossible to tell that the two had almost clashed some time ago.
“Sir Ning, I have taken the liberty to disturb you!”
Luo Xiang got up and cupped his fist.
Ning Zhi sat down on the main seat and asked, “I wonder if Sir Luo, coming from the north of the desert to my Ning family, is there something going on?”
Luo Xiang looked at Ning Zhi, in fact Ning Zhi knew it better than anyone else in his heart, but since Ning Zhi asked this, Luo Xiang did not hide it and spoke, “Sir Ning, that Chen Ping destroyed the Demon Suppressing Tower and escaped back from Xichuan, I chased him all the way here.”
“Only recently I lost his whereabouts, and now that Chen Ping has shown up and killed Zang Qing of the Heavenly Fiend Sect, I believe you also know about it.”
“I know that Duke Ning also hates that Chen Ping, so I want to join forces with Duke Ning and get rid of that Chen Ping together!”
“Destroy the Demon Subduing Tower?” When Ning Zhi heard this, his brows furrowed Avray, “That Demon Subduing Tower is an ancient artefact, no matter how capable Chen Ping is, there is no way he could destroy it.”
Ning Zhi had heard the Grand Steward of the Gu Family talk about the origins of this Demon Subduing Tower, how could such a treasure be destroyed just by saying so?
Chen Ping shouldn’t have that ability yet.
“Is Lord Ning not believing me?” Luo Xiang was slightly stunned, then explained, “That Demon Subduing Tower has indeed collapsed and is now a pile of ruins!”
Ning Zhi also knew that it was impossible for Luo Xiang to lie to him, but how could Ning Zhi not believe that the Demon Subduing Tower had been destroyed just like that?
After thinking for a moment, Ning Zhi suddenly spoke up, “I know, that Chen Ping must have taken the treasure of the Tower of Demon Suppression inside the Tower of Demon Suppression, that’s why the Tower of Demon Suppression suddenly collapsed!”
Since the Demon Subduing Tower was so magical, there must have been treasures within the tower, and Chen Ping had taken the treasures, which was why the Demon Subduing Tower had collapsed.
“Oh?” Luo Xiang’s eyes lit up, “What kind of treasure was it?”
Ning Zhi shook his head, “I don’t know anywhere, but I’m sure that Chen Ping must have gotten the treasure from within the Demon Subduing Tower!”
“Sir Ning, now that Chen Ping has many treasures on him, if we join forces and kill that Chen Ping, those treasures will be ours.”
Luo Xiang said to Ning Zhi.
But who knew that Ning Zhi let out a sigh, “Many people in that Chen Ping want to kill him to take the treasures, but it’s just a pity that apart from his own high strength, even Mr. Shi of the law enforcement team is biased towards him.”
“Zhu Zhishan of the Martial Alliance, can’t even take that Chen Ping, if we take a shot at that Chen Ping, Mr. Shi will definitely be unhappy.”
“Sir Ning, my Luo family is far away in the north of the desert, I am not afraid of any law enforcement team, I can step in to deal with that Chen Ping, only that I have brought too few experts this time, as long as Sir Ning is willing to lend me some manpower, after killing that Chen Ping, the treasures will be shared equally!”
Luo Xiang still persuaded Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi fell into deep thought, after thinking again and again, Ning Zhi nodded, “Fine, I’ll lend you two experts at the peak of Martial Sect, I hope you’ll keep your word too!”
“Of course, in this part of Kyoto, would I dare to deceive you, unless I don’t want to go back to Desolate North.”
Luo Xiang said with a smile.
“That’s true, in Kyoto, no one dares to lie to me!”
Ning Zhi said with a smug look on his face.
Luo Xiang led his men away, in his opinion, with his own strength, and with two experts at the peak of Martial Sect, Chen Ping would surely die!
…………
The Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion!
Having not seen Chen Ping for almost almost a month, Zhao Wuji looked excited when he saw Chen Ping again!
“Mr. Chen, I heard that you killed the Heavenly Fury Sect Master Zang Qing, that was really cool!”
“That guy was screaming on top of the martial arts forum, not to mention how arrogant he was, and now that you’ve killed him, I see that many sects and families in Kyoto have become honest.”
Zhao Wuji said with an excited look on his face.
Chen Ping smiled indifferently, “Evil cultivators, everyone has to be punished, I was able to kill him thanks to Captain Xing ……”