Chen Ping guessed that there must be something special in this mountain pass, otherwise it could not have been like this!
Moreover, these Origin Phantom Beasts could not leave the middle of the mountain pass, there was something inside this mountain pass that could make this Origin Breath turn into a Phantom Beast, if these Phantom Beasts left the mountain pass, they should have no way to turn into a form, they could only turn into a ball of Origin Breath!
However, these were only Chen Ping’s guesses and had not been confirmed!
Seeing that there was no more danger, Chen Ping and the others also returned to the entrance of the mountain pass!
Everyone in the Ji family looked at the small mountain of Origin Phantom Beasts, all of them showed fear, fortunately, these Origin Phantom Beasts did not have the means to leave the mountain pass, or else all of these people would have suffered!
“Damn, it’s fortunate that I ran fast, or else I would have been buried in here.”
“What kind of crappy ancestral land is this for your Ji Family, to have such huge Origin Illusion Beasts!”
Qin Jingyu wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and complained to Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen!
Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen glanced at Qin Jingyu and didn’t say anything, but in their hearts, they had already cursed this guy several times!
It was clearly him who had to enter the cave, it was clearly him who had to provoke this huge Origin Illusionary Beast, and now that he had almost died, he was blaming others!
Just as the crowd looked at the Origin Illusionary Beast in front of them, the huge Origin Illusionary Beast let out a hiss, seemingly provoking everyone!
“Such a large Origin Illusionary Beast, if it can be beheaded, that Origin Breath must be quite a lot ……”
Chen Ping looked at the huge Origin Illusionary Beast with some excitement within his heart!
Only, with his current strength, he did not know if he could kill this huge Origin Illusion Beast!
If there were no other Origin Illusionary Beasts, Chen Ping could give it a try!
But now that it was black with other Origin Illusion Beasts, Chen Ping would be certain death if he went in at this moment!
Now if he could lure those small Origin Illusion Beasts away, it would be the best!
But who would take the risk of luring those small Origin Illusion Beasts away?
Chen Ping glanced at the dozens of Ji family members, these people would definitely not help After all, they had not opened the Origin Space, going in to lure away the Origin Illusionary Beasts would not be rewarding at all, and might even be dangerous!
But just Ji Meiyan Ji Meiling and Ji Yun, luring away those small Origin Illusion Beasts, Chen Ping was a little uneasy!
In the end, Chen Ping placed his gaze on the three of them, Ji Yue!
Since they had also entered the mountain pass to kill the Origin Illusionary Beasts, then someone must have opened the Origin Space, or even have already perceived some kind of Origin!
Therefore, Chen Ping wanted to find these three people to co-operate, but Chen Ping had broken that Qin Jingyun’s arm, so he didn’t know if this Giant Savage Palace guy, would co-operate with him!
However, he looked at Qin Jingyu’s gaze towards that Origin Illusion Beast and guessed that this fellow should also want to kill that huge Origin Illusion Beast.
Chen Ping spoke his thoughts after Ji Meiyan and the others, but was met with opposition!
“No, that Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen don’t keep their word at all, if we work together, maybe we won’t be able to kill the Origin Illusionary Beast, and we’ll all suffer at their hands!”
Ji Meiyan immediately objected!
“That’s right, there isn’t a single good person amongst them, working with them is tantamount to suicide.”
Ji Meiling also objected!
After all, they were already at odds with each other, so how was it possible for them to work together now!
However, Ji Yun pondered for a moment and said “Actually, it’s not impossible to find them to co-operate, only then can we hope to kill that Origin Illusion Beast.”
“I can go and talk about this matter, after all, I don’t have any beef with them, and they still want to draw me in, so maybe we can co-operate!”
Chen Ping heard that Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen even wanted to pull in Ji Yun, then there is more than likely hope for this co-operation, so he said “Ji Yun, go over there and talk about it, if we can co-operate, let them mention the conditions!”