“That Immortalisation realm cultivators, in this Celestial Realm it’s already difficult to advance in, after all, the cultivation resources in the Celestial Realm are limited, and they’re all already spirit qi based.”
“After reaching the Immortalisation Realm, one needs Immortal Qi to supplement their cultivation in order to do so, which is why we, the Ten Temples, need a large amount of Immortal Spirit Stones.”
“Many of these Immortalisation Realm cultivators avoid the world and cultivate intensely, and many more are within that Heaven Ascension Staircase.”
“As I said, each level of the Heaven Ascending Staircase is a world, many cultivators enter the Heaven Ascending Staircase and then will cultivate in one of the Heaven Ascending Staircase’s worlds, the worlds within the Heaven Ascending Staircase, following the Celestial Realm are different, and have all sorts of cultivation resources within them.”
“But likewise the world within the Heaven Ascending Staircase is also dangerous, it’s a thousand times more dangerous and cruel than this Celestial Realm, and even after reaching the fourth level, the realm will still be suppressed, the difficulty can be imagined!”
“Every time the Heaven Ascending Ladder disappears, there will be many cultivators who choose to stay in the Heaven Ascending Ladder’s world to cultivate, and of course, there are also many cultivators who are trapped in it with no way to leave.”
Yun Li explained to Chen Ping in detail!
“Brother Yun, then each level within the Heaven Ascending Stairs is a world, does that mean that there are many people in each level?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
After all, after having a side of a world, surely humans would be born!
“That’s for sure, they are all real worlds, of course they will possess humans, apart from the cultivation resources, following the Celestial Realm is no different.”
“But there is one thing you must remember, in the world within the Heaven Ascending Staircase, every living thing you see will be your enemy.”
“In that world, you won’t have friends and relatives, and that level of cruelty requires a strong psyche to withstand.”
Saying this, Yun Li’s face also shifted slightly, as if he had recalled something!
“Could it be that the humans within that Heavenly Ascension Staircase World are all emotionless killing machines?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise!
One must know that the cultivators of this Celestial World were also all constantly fighting and killing for various resources, far more brutal than the secular world.
However, Chen Ping had still made quite a few friends and possessed quite a few confidants after arriving here!
“Of course not, the humans within the Heaven Ascending Staircase World also possess seven emotions and six desires, and are certainly not emotionless killing machines.”
“It’s just that if we enter the Heaven Ascending Staircase World, then we belong to the alien race, so the only thing we face is being slaughtered.”
“This is also the reason why many Celestial Realm cultivators who stay in the Heaven Ascending Staircase World to cultivate will face great danger!”
Yun Li said.
Chen Ping was slightly puzzled, he seemed to understand what Yun Li had said and what that Heavenly Ascension Ladder world was like!
“Well, there’s no need to think, when that Heaven Ascending Staircase appears, I’ll take you there once, and you’ll know everything.”
“I also want to ask you for one more thing right now ……”
Yun Li looked at the contemplative Chen Ping and spoke!
“What else to beg? Just because you’ve told me this, doesn’t mean I can help you with everything!”
Chen Ping looked at Yun Li and said!
“Don’t worry, this matter will not be difficult for you!”After Yun Li finished speaking, he unexpectedly took out a dagger that was dark and had runes engraved on it before handing it to Chen Ping, “Use this dagger to kill me ……”
“What?”
Chen Ping was directly shocked and almost gave a jump!
He did not understand whether this Yun Li had taken the wrong medicine, how could he ask himself to kill him?
“Don’t be nervous, I’m not asking you to actually kill me, I came to you but didn’t fight you solely because I don’t want to die.”
“I am asking you to use this dagger to chop off a strand of my soul, in that case, my life soul lamp in the Ten Temples will go out.”
“If my Fate Soul Lamp goes out, that means I’m dead, and I won’t have to return to the Ten Temples anymore.”
“Otherwise, if my Fate Soul Lamp is in the Ten Temples and I never go back, I will be considered a traitor to the Divine Hall, and when the Divine Hall’s enforcers show up, my father won’t even be able to protect me.”
Yun Li explained after Chen Ping!