“Humph, ignorant and fearless fellow ……”
The hunchbacked old man snorted coldly!
“Do it ……”
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to him, instead, he directly told the Blood Demon to make his move.
The Blood Demon directly slapped his palm towards the hunchbacked old man!
The hunchbacked old man snorted coldly, and immediately afterwards, his mouth began to chant something, and a ripple-like aura began to flash above his hands.
The hunchbacked old man chanted faster and faster, and that ancient and mysterious aura began to erupt!
Then a ray of light instantly struck inside the Blood Demon’s head!
The Blood Demon who had originally made his move suddenly stopped, and Chen Ping instantly felt at this moment that his divine sense connection following the Blood Demon had been cut off by something all of a sudden!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s face changed greatly, and he looked at the hunchbacked old man incredulously.
He could not figure out what method this old man had used to sever the connection between him and the Blood Demon.
The hunchbacked old man looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile, “A puppet corpse is just that, as long as you lose control of your divine sense, this is just a dead corpse, do you really think he can help you solve our Martial Alliance?”
The hunchbacked old man’s eyes stared slightly, his obsidian-like eyes emitting an icy and harsh light, giving off an endless sense of oppression.
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed as his divine sense kept pounding, trying to regain control of the Blood Demon’s body!
But every time it struck, it seemed to be blocked by something!
The cold sweat on Chen Ping’s forehead began to fall low!
And suddenly, the blood demon moved, but the one controlling it became the hunchbacked old man!
The hunchbacked old man’s divine sense roamed around the blood demon’s body, manipulating its actions!
“This corpse that is comparable to a great power, I didn’t expect you to be able to refine it into a puppet corpse, only that your divine sense is too weak ……”
The hunchbacked old man was filled with a cold smile as he manipulated the Blood Demon towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping closed his eyes slightly, and the golden power of divine sense in his mind rushed out, directly enveloping the Blood Demon!
He did not believe that his divine sense could not enter the Blood Demon’s body!
When the Blood Demon reached Chen Ping, a golden light suddenly burst out from the Blood Demon’s brow, and Chen Ping’s divine sense instantly connected with the golden light!
It turned out that this was the essence blood that Chen Ping had left in the Blood Demon’s body when he was refining the puppet corpse.
As Chen Ping’s divine sense entered the Blood Demon’s body, it instantly followed the hunchbacked old man and began to fight for control of the Blood Demon!
The two people’s divine senses began to compete with each other within the Blood Demon’s body.
The hunchbacked old man had a cold smile on his face, in his eyes, Chen Ping was nothing more than an ant!
The battle between the two’s divine senses became more and more intense, if it wasn’t for the Blood Demon’s strong physical body, it would have been completely torn apart by now!
As the two divine senses battled, the hunchbacked old man’s face actually began to turn grave!
He had not expected Chen Ping’s power of divine sense to be so strong!
One could only see Chen Ping’s divine sense power continuously and frantically surging into the Blood Demon’s body, and these divine sense powers, transforming into a sharp sword, continuously attacked towards the hunchbacked old man’s divine sense.
The hunchbacked old man’s divine sense began to lose ground, and with Chen Ping’s blood inside the Blood Demon, Chen Ping was now attacked on two fronts!
Soon, the hunchbacked old man’s divine sense was instantly stirred up, and control of the Blood Demon was back in Chen Ping’s hands.
The hunchbacked old man’s face turned very ugly as he looked at Chen Ping with a disbelieving expression.
Chen Ping was no better at the moment, the struggle for divine sense had just cost Chen Ping a lot of energy, and now Chen Ping was feeling a little dazed in his mind.
But Chen Ping did not dare to rest, and immediately after getting control of the Blood Demon, he ordered the Blood Demon to do something.
The Blood Demon then slammed his fist towards the hunchbacked old man.
The hunchbacked old man snorted coldly, followed by his aura climbing up, then raised his hand and slapped out his palm, trying to block the Blood Devil’s attack.