After contemplating for a moment, Bai Cheng slowly spoke, “Mr Chen, this ancient tree is very odd, it is able to absorb the spiritual energy of the cultivators, I reckon that within the City Lord’s Mansion, they will collect all the spiritual energy absorbed by the ancient tree and use it as resources for their own enjoyment.”
“I’ve been secretly observing for quite a long time now, almost every day there will be a cultivator dying within the cell, and it’s still the kind that gets sucked into becoming a dry corpse.”
“This is just my own analysis, I don’t know if it’s right or not ……”
Bai Cheng also slowly saw it after a period of his own observation, not that he knew anything!
“Your analysis is correct, this should be the case, that’s why these people see the ancient tree as so important.”
Chen Ping nodded and said!
“Mr Chen, for what reason were you caught in here? I can use my connections to get General Xing to give you an amnesty order to release you.”
Bai Cheng asked to Chen Ping!
“I beat up a guy named Qiu Yu, it seems like he is that General Qiu’s son.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“You beat up Qiu Yu?”Bai Cheng was shocked, “That guy is a playboy and a vindictive master, I guess he won’t let it go.”
“But don’t worry Mr Chen, I’ll get General Xing to help me and see if I can get you released!”
“If you stay here, even if you don’t get your spiritual energy sucked dry by that ancient tree, I’m afraid that guy Qiu Yu will have to find someone to trip you up in the big prison.”
“It’s fine, this big prison can’t trap me yet!”Chen Ping said without any concern!
This prison was surrounded by formations to confine the prisoners, but Chen Ping was not afraid of the formations within the prison at all!
These formations were too trivial in Chen Ping’s eyes, he could leave when he wanted to!
“Mr Chen still knows the art of formations?”Bai Cheng said with some surprise!
“Slightly understand some, as far as the formations here in the big prison are concerned, they can be broken with a wave of the hand ……”
Chen Ping said casually!
However, these words sounded arrogant in Bai Cheng’s ears, if it wasn’t because he knew Chen Ping’s identity as a Dragon Race, Bai Cheng would have thought that Chen Ping was bragging!
But now Chen Ping was of the Dragon Race identity, and was also of the noble Golden Dragon Race, so Chen Ping’s words were highly credible!
“Watch for me, don’t let anyone disturb me, I want to see what’s so peculiar about this ancient tree!”
Chen Ping said to Bai Cheng!
“Mr Chen, you can explore a bit, but don’t touch the ancient tree, if there is any damage to the ancient tree, I really can’t afford it.”
Bai Cheng said after Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, I won’t damage the ancient tree.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Bai Cheng walked to the side and helped Chen Ping watch, not allowing anyone to get close to the ancient tree!
On the other hand, Chen Ping gently pressed his palm on top of the trunk of that ancient tree, followed by a power of divine sense entering the ancient tree!
Because only in this way would Chen Ping be able to know what secrets this ancient tree actually had!
Right after Chen Ping’s divine sense entered the ancient tree, Chen Ping only felt that his body was light and his divine soul instantly entered a world of nothingness!
The surroundings were all white, nothing could be seen!
Chen Ping was sure that this was not an illusion, he really felt that his soul had entered another space!
And in this space, like a vast sea of spiritual energy, bathed Chen Ping’s divine soul, making Chen Ping very comfortable!
“Could this be the space of an ancient tree? Such rich spiritual energy here should be all absorbed from those cultivators in the cells.”
Chen Ping felt the spiritual energy around him and was very excited inside.
Chen Ping very much wanted to properly cultivate here, and his strength would definitely grow much faster when the time came!
However, he knew that the release time was only half an hour, and no matter how much Chen Ping cultivated in this half an hour, it was impossible to absorb much spiritual energy!