“If you want to kill Mr Chen, you will have to destroy my Xiao Imperial Dynasty first.”
As Xiao Yuanshan’s words fell, hundreds of cultivators rose into midair and stood behind Xiao Yuanshan in unison!
This time, the atmosphere between the two sides became tense with swords.
Yun Li was currently drawing something inside his room, while Shi Lan was pounding Yun Li’s back behind him!
“What a hilarious scene, there really is a fool who believes in that Execution Order and has come to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to kill Chen Ping!”
Yun Li said with a faint smile!
“Yun Li, what do we do? Should we help? I’m afraid that Xiao Imperial Dynasty won’t be able to stop the incoming people.”
Shi Lan asked!
“Don’t worry about it, I’m a dead man now, a dead man can’t care about anything.”
Yun Li finished speaking and continued to concentrate and started painting!
In the mid-air of Emperor Xiao’s dynasty, the brocade-robed man wore a smile as he said to Xiao Yuanshan, “Emperor Xiao, don’t misunderstand, this brother of mine can’t speak, we don’t have any malicious intent, we just came over to meet Mr Chen.”
“I told you, Mr Chen is in cultivation and has no time ……”
Xiao Yuanshan said in a cold voice!
Since he knew the other party’s intention, Xiao Yuanshan did not have a good face!
The brocade-robed man smiled and said, “That’s fine, then we’ll wait for Mr Chen to come out of seclusion, and we’ll also ask Emperor Xiao to inform us at that time!”
After saying that, the brocade-robed man waved his hand and the three people retreated backwards, away from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Seeing this, Xiao Yuanshan also led his people back to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty in droves!
Seeing Xiao Yuanshan bring people back to the Imperial City, the burly man was very dissatisfied, “Big brother, as far as this strength of Xiao Imperial Dynasty is concerned, we ……”
“Shut up, you fool!”The brocade-robed man didn’t wait for the lanky man to finish, and directly cursed, itching to give this guy two slaps!
And the slim man on the side also spoke, “Is your brain kicked by a donkey? I’ve never seen a guy as stupid as you!”
When the stout man heard this, he was immediately enraged and cursed, “Even if my elder brother cursed me, what kind of a thing are you? How can I say that I am also your second brother, is this how you talk to me?”
“So what if I’m the second brother? You don’t have a brain, are you still not allowed to speak?”The slim man also glared with both eyes, “You also don’t think about it, the strength of that Xiao Imperial Dynasty is a mole cricket in front of us, but why is that Xiao Yuanshan not afraid at all in the face of us, and he even puts up a stance to fight for his life?”
“He …… he that is ignorant, does not know the strength of the three of us.”
The burly man explained!
“Bullshit, the three of us didn’t hide our breath at all, how could that Xiao Yuanshan not know, if he didn’t know, how could he directly stop in front of us?”
“The reason why that Xiao Yuan Shan doesn’t fear us at all, that means that there are high people behind the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, you stupid pig!”
The slim man cursed angrily!
“You fucking ……” The stout man was anxious and was about to make a move!
“Alright!”
The brocade-robed man shouted coldly, stopping the two men from arguing, then continued, “Lao San is right, the Ten Temples sent people to attack the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and they all ended up losing, so that proves that there are high profile people behind the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“I also heard that the Luo Tower of the Ten Temples, was directly killed in seconds and then given a resurrection, is this kind of handiwork not something that an ordinary cultivator can do.”
“What? Can still be resurrected?”The burly man said incredulously!
“I’ve only heard about it, the Ten Temples wouldn’t take out 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones for no reason, and have someone else do something that’s just a show of hands.”
“We definitely can’t be careless, especially when the Heaven Ascension Ladder is about to appear, we have to be even more cautious.”
The brocade-robed man said!
The burly man frowned slightly and said, “Big brother, that being said, you must also know that wealth and riches are at stake, if we are as careful as you are, we won’t even be able to get the dregs when the time comes, and there will definitely still be someone else coming for that Chen Ping.”
“If someone else comes looking for it, then we’ll let it go to someone else, the story of the snipe and the mussel, you should have heard it before, right?”
The brocade-robed man said to the stout man!
“Heard it, heard it, I understand!”
The stout man nodded repeatedly!