He realised that all those senior brothers were no longer able to fight back, and it was indistinguishable whether they were dead or alive!
One must know that Chen Ping was only at the seventh level of the Transition Realm, and which of these people did not have to be at Chen Ping’s higher realm, but now they had been knocked down by Chen Ping in a slapdash manner!
This situation felt completely out of place.
In that case, it seemed that Chen Ping must have hidden his true realm strength, and now Chen Ping’s true strength must be in the Mahayana realm, and it was very likely that he had already reached the second rank of the Mahayana realm!
“Didn’t you want to test me? Have you tested me now?”
Chen Ping looked at that Fan Xianbo with a cold smile and said!
“I didn’t expect you to really hide your strength, but I see that you are only at the second rank of the Mahayana realm, you are only equal to me, you don’t need to be rampant!”
Fan Xianbo snorted coldly and casually flipped his hand, a crimson longsword was in his hand!
After taking out the long sword, Fan Xianbo’s aura changed violently, the entire person’s aura was like an eerie black hole, giving off an unfathomable feeling!
“This is not my Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s sword, where did you get this evil sword from?”
When Zhu Qingxiu saw the longsword in Fan Xianbo’s hand, he immediately questioned loudly!
The longsword worn by their Ten Thousand Swords Sect simply could not look like this, this crimson longsword had an evil aura on it!
Chen Ping also narrowed his eyes and looked at the red longsword in Fan Xianbo’s hand, he felt that the aura of this red longsword was similar to the aura of the blood coloured longsword in Tian Luo’s hand!
He felt that the breath of this red longsword was similar to the breath of the blood-coloured longsword in Tian Luo’s hand. He knew that Tian Luo was a devil cultivator, while Fan Xianbo was the senior brother of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, a famous sect, how could the longswords they used have similarities?
“This sword of his, it’s very likely that it was gifted by the Demon Sealing Alliance, you have to know that within the Demon Sealing Alliance, there are too many things for demon cultivators.”
“It seems that this Eldest Senior Brother of yours has become a dog of the Demon Sealing Alliance, in that case, it is not surprising that your Ten Thousand Swords Sect was destroyed by the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Chen Ping said to Zhu Qingxiu!
Upon hearing this, Zhu Qingxiu looked at Fan Xianbo with a face full of anger and asked, “Fan Xianbo, is this true? Did you really betray the clan? Did you really become a dog of the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
“Did you harm Master and our entire clan?”
Zhu Qingxiu was very emotional, her hand gripping her longsword, her eyes spewing out anger!
“Senior sister, don’t talk nonsense or listen to other people’s rumours.”
“Everything I did was just to revitalise the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, since you don’t want to hand over the Jade Brief Secrets, then I will ……”
The crimson longsword in Fan Xianbo’s hand swung violently!
A roiling blood aura instantly filled a circle of hundreds of metres!
“Be careful ……” Chen Ping pulled back Zhu Qingxiu as he held the Dragon Cutting Sword in a smooth chop!
However, Chen Ping’s sword chopped empty, the blood gas dispersed, Chen Ping unexpectedly did not find the shadow of that Fan Xianbo!
This fellow had actually run away, and ran away so decisively, not even caring about his brothers and sisters whose lives and deaths were unknown!
“Damn, this guy is a talent, fooled me ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but curse!
Looking at that Fan Xianbo’s appearance, it was obvious that he wanted to follow Chen Ping to fight, but who knew that this guy had already planned to escape in his heart!
Chen Ping saw that Fan Xian Bo wanted to fight with himself, so he did not prepare for this guy to escape.
Who also did not expect, at the beginning of the still full of killing aura, full of fighting spirit of Fan Xianbo, a turn around kung fu to run away!
Chen Ping was not even able to react, otherwise he would never have let this guy escape!
“Damn it, let him escape, otherwise I would have killed him to avenge the dead brothers and sisters of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect.”
Seeing the fleeing Fan Xianbo, Zhu Qingxiu gritted her teeth and said!
“If he escaped, then he escaped, I think he will find you sooner or later, after all, that jade secret scroll is still in your possession, and there is no way for him to take control of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect without the jade secret scroll.”
“I’ve already found the Divine Muscle Grass, I’ll contact Ji Yun here, we can go back ……”
Chen Ping said to Zhu Qingxiu!