After exiting the Immortal Mining Cave, Fire Phoenix held back her anger and reached Chen Ping’s side!
“Fire Phoenix, how is it? Have you seen the two of them?”
Chen Ping asked!
Fire Phoenix nodded and did not speak!
But looking at the expression on Fire Phoenix’s face, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed and he instantly had a bad feeling in his heart!
“Quickly, how are the two of them?”
Chen Ping asked anxiously!
“Master, those guys from the Jade Pope Sect aren’t human, they’re not human, Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan were spoiled by them, they’ve both been spoiled beyond recognition ……”
After saying that, the Fire Phoenix whimpered and cried out!
After Chen Ping heard this, his entire body froze, his eyes instantly became scarlet, and his anger was burning!
But Chen Ping did not lose his mind, he knew that if he lost his mind and rushed in at this time, not only would he not be able to save Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan, he might even put the two of them in danger!
Although the two of them were now spoilt, after all, their lives were not yet in danger.
Chen Ping slightly closed his eyes, trying hard to calm himself down, he knew that it was too late to wait for Bai Shao to find help!
He could only rely on him and Fire Phoenix to find a way to get the people out!
After contemplating for a moment, Chen Ping asked Fire Phoenix “After you went in, what were the people from that Jade Maiden Sect following the Jade Pope Sect doing?”
“Some of them are moving the Immortal Mines, and some of them are double cultivating it ……”
Fire Phoenix said truthfully.
“Are their Immortal Ores all stacked together or are they stored separately?”
Chen Ping asked!
In Chen Ping’s opinion, although the Jade Maiden Sect followed the Jade Pope Sect to often double cultivate together, they did so for their own interests!
Right now, they were all together for the purpose of collecting Immortal Ore!
“Each stacks their own and mines their own, it doesn’t seem like there is any co-operation!”
Fire Phoenix said!
After Chen Ping heard this, he instantly had an idea, and he took out the Wind Setting Bead from that storage ring!
“Fire Phoenix, you go in once more, take this Wind Stabilising Pearl and then say that you dug it up inside.”
“Remember to give this Wind Stabilising Pearl to the Jade Maiden Sect’s Sect Master, never give it to anyone else.”
Chen Ping explained to the Fire Phoenix!
“Master, this Wind Fixing Pearl is your treasure, how can you give it to someone else?”
The Fire Phoenix was very confused!
Chen Ping then explained “I just want to use this Wind Fixing Pearl to make the Jade Maiden Sect and Jade Pope Sect fight, as long as they are in chaos, we will have the opportunity to save Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan.”
Hearing Chen Ping’s explanation, Fire Phoenix then understood and nodded to receive the Wind Stabilising Bead!
Chen Ping also knew the value of the Wind Fixing Bead, with this Wind Fixing Bead, it would still be easier for Chen Ping to perceive the Wind Origin, only that if he didn’t take out a sufficiently dazzling treasure now, he thought that the Jade Maiden Sect and Jade Pope Sect wouldn’t be able to compete and fight!
The fire phoenix took the wind fixing bead and walked towards the Immortal Mining Cave!
At this moment, within the small cave on the side of the Immortal Mining Cave, Jade Pu Sect Master Hai Ande had just finished following Jade Maiden Sect Master Fu Nai Si to double cultivation!
Both of them were sweating profusely and were very enjoyable!
“Sect Master Fu, I’m not bad to you, am I? I didn’t take such a large immortal mine all by myself and called you here.”
Hai Ande said with a winking smile on his face!
Fu Nai Si on the other hand smiled coldly “Hai Sect Master, don’t talk so nicely, such a big Immortal Mine, you were unable to get it all by yourself, and were afraid that someone would find out and you guys wouldn’t be able to cope, so you shouted me here.”
“Don’t say so noble, between you and me is a transaction, only interests, don’t mention feelings to me ……”
When Hai Ande heard this, he immediately smiled awkwardly and said “Nothing can escape the eyes of Sect Master Fu, but this immortal mine is something that I discovered first and then shouted for you guys to come over, so in terms of quantity, you shouldn’t compete with me for it.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll only take 40% and give the remaining 60% to your Jade Pope Sect, we won’t compete for it.” Fu Nai Si said disdainfully!
“That’s good ……”
Hai Ande smiled faintly!
Right after the two people had talked it over, they suddenly heard someone outside the small cave start shouting!