When Chen Chen heard this, a brilliant light flashed in his eyes and he licked his lips, “Haha, in that case, won’t I be dying in a pile of women by then ……”
Ji Ru Xue was furious, gasping for air, but she did not dare to say anything.
After settling that Chen Chen, Ji Ru Xue smashed things desperately inside the hall to vent her anger.
There was no other way, she could only vent out her emotions like this.
“Palace Master, can that guy really help our Red Lotus Palace drive away Xiang Chong? Why do I look unreliable?”
One of the elders said with some doubt.
“Yes, I also see that guy as not being capable of much, with a lecherous look, I really want to snap his eyes out!”
Another elder also said angrily.
Ji Ru Xue calmed down for a moment and slowly said, “Can we, we can only pin our hopes on him now, you guys remember my words, in a pinch, take Xiao Min and escape, leave me alone ……”
“I won’t leave my sister behind and go alone ……”
At that moment, Xiao Min suddenly burst in and looked at Ji Ru Xue with teary eyes.
Ji Ru Xue saw that Xiao Min had rushed in and knew everything, so she waved her hand and let several elders all go out.
“Xiao Min, don’t be capricious, sister is doing this to preserve the Red Lotus Palace, as long as you are still alive and take the Palace Master’s Order, you will be able to rebuild the Red Lotus Palace.”
Ji Ru Xue walked forward and gently wiped Xiao Min’s tears.
“I won’t, I’ll never leave my sister behind, if I want to die, we’ll die together, without my sister, I can’t live by myself!”
Xiao Min jumped into Ji Ru Xue’s arms.
“Silly child, you are also old enough, it is the same without your sister.”
Ji Ru Xue also cried, she did not want to be with her sister, she also knew that Xiao Min was still young, if she left her, life must be very hard.
But there was nothing she could do, she could only prepare for the worst.
“Sister, where is big brother Chen? Where did he go?”
At this moment Minnie remembered Chen Ping and asked Ji Ru Xue.
“He left the Red Lotus Palace long ago, right ……”
Ji Ru Xue had sent Chen Ping away then, so he should have left the Red Lotus Palace long ago by now.
“No way, I was guarding the palace gate and didn’t see Big Brother Chen go out, so it’s possible he’s still at the Red Lotus Palace!”
“Big Brother Chen is very capable, wouldn’t it be okay to beg him to help us?”
Xiao Min asked.
Ji Ru Xue did smile awkwardly, “Silly girl, it’s not as simple as you think, and everyone is not as innocent as you think, non-relatives, why should people help you?”
“Besides, although that Chen Ping has made some name for himself in Kyoto, and his strength is not bad, but this is the south after all, that Xiang Chong has the Sacred Beast Palace behind him, would that Chen Ping dare to follow the Sacred Beast Palace against him?”
When Ji Ru Xue said this, Xiao Min fell into silence, she didn’t know if Chen Ping would help.
After a long while, Xiao Min suddenly said, “I’ll go look for big brother Chen, he must still be in the Red Lotus Palace, maybe he will really help ……”
After Xiao Min finished speaking, she ran out, Ji Ru Xue wanted to call out to her, but found that Xiao Min had long since run away.
“This silly girl, she trusts people too easily ……”
Ji Ru Xue shook her head.
…………
The next day, everyone in Red Lotus Palace was full of seriousness and tension.
Everyone was standing at attention with their weapons in hand.
They were waiting for Xiang Chong’s arrival!
Whether they lived or died would depend on today.
As for that Chen Chen, the sun was very high before he yawned and walked out of the room.
Just as he walked out of the room, he saw that Ji Ru Xue was waiting for him at the door with his men.
“Palace Master Ji, there is no need to be nervous, if I said I would guarantee that your Red Lotus Palace would be fine, then it will definitely be fine!”
Chen Chen said with a confident face.
“Then I’ll be grateful to Duke Chen ……”
Seeing that Chen Chen had been so confident, Ji Ru Xue also believed him somewhat, and was somewhat relieved in her heart.