Soon, ten minutes later, Chen Dogzi looked at Chen Ping with a sneer, “I think you kid is just bragging, where are your people?”
But as soon as Chen Dogzi’s words left his mouth, he felt the ground shake and the whole building seemed to start shaking!
“Brother Dog, there are a lot of people coming outside!”
At this moment, a junior brother said to Chen Dogzi.
Chen Dogzi was startled and hurriedly looked through the window to find a black ma*s of people who had surrounded the entire hotel!
Chen Gouzi was shocked, but he quickly calmed down and said to the panicked junior, “Don’t worry, no matter how many people come, it’s useless, I’m covered by Master Tiger, who dares to touch me!”
As Chen Dogzi finished his sentence, a tremor of footsteps came as someone hurried upstairs!
“Brother Biao …………”
Chen Dogzi saw the person who came and said with a start!
The person who came was none other than Biaozi who had broken his left arm, at this moment Biaozi was full of gloom and didn’t even look at Chen Dogzi, instead he walked straight up to Chen Ping and respectfully shouted, “Mr. Chen ……”
Now Biaozi was terrified inside, he had cut off his left hand because he had offended Chen Ping, and now Lin Tianhu had hurriedly asked him to come here, he was afraid that something would happen and he would be implicated along with himself again!
When that Chen Dogzi saw how respectful Biaozi was to Chen Ping, he was instantly dumbfounded.
“Biaozi, do you know this guy?” Chen Ping asked as he pointed at Chen Dogzi.
“I know him, but not very well!” Biaozi said truthfully.
“I don’t want to see him anymore, and as for the others, break a leg!”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, that Chen Dogzi instantly fell to his knees!
As soon as Chen Dogzi knelt, all of his minions also knelt down!
“Chen Ping …… no, big brother, dad, grandpa …… grandpa Chen Ping, I beg you, spare my life!”
Chen Dogzi kowtowed to Chen Ping desperately!
“Chen Dogzi, didn’t you say you were one of Lin Tianhu’s men? Now that his people are here, where is your arrogant look?”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Grandpa Chen Ping, I was wrong, I was wrong ……”
Chen Dogzi kept begging for mercy!
Chen Ping snorted coldly and turned away, while that Biaozi had a cold glint in his eyes as he pulled out a dagger and stabbed towards that Chen Dogzi!
“Don’t scare my family!” Chen Ping spoke indifferently.
“Understood Mr. Chen!” Biaozi nodded, before turning to his men and saying, “Drag these people next door!”
Soon, there was a burst of wailing from next door!
Chen Ping’s second aunt’s family were all blinded at this point, and Chen Yingxia was even staring at Chen Ping with wide eyes and incredulity!
On the way back, Chen Ping’s second aunt looked at Chen Ping as if she had something to say, but in the end, she didn’t say anything!
Early the next morning, Chen Ping prepared to take Chen Yingxia to school in Hongcheng.
Because Chen Ping did have a bit too much going on right now, otherwise he would have stayed with his parents in their old home for some more time!
At the same time, the village also started to broadcast that the houses of each family would be revalued and that this time they would be demolished according to the national standard and there would be no forced demolition or malicious price undercutting.
Chen Ping took Chen Yingxia to Hongcheng, and through Ling Zhenchuan’s connections, found a high school for Chen Yingxia to study in!
Chen Ping followed Su Yuqi and spent a day in Hongcheng with Su Wenzong, before heading straight to the provincial capital the next day!
He didn’t dare to stay in Hongcheng for long as he hadn’t dealt with the Pill King’s residence, the Xuan Yue Valley matter, and the matter of the Heng Shan Spirit Stone, which Chen Ping hadn’t investigated either!
“I’m sorry for making you run around with me, I couldn’t stay home with my father!”
On the road, Chen Ping said with an apologetic face as he followed Su Yuqi.
“Marry a chicken and follow the dog, marry a gra*shopper and bounce around, who let me like you!”
Su Yuqi said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping also smiled with love on his face, “Don’t worry, soon, I will give you a peaceful life, and the two of us will keep living for hundreds of years, so that you can give me a hundred children!”
“Bah, I’m not going to give you that many, I’m not a pig!” Su Yuqi gave Chen Ping a blank look!