Everyone looked outside in amazement, not knowing where this gust of wind came from!
‘Elder Yu, don’t promise him, don’t promise him ……’
At this moment, Elder Hu’s voice drifted in leisurely!
‘Elder Hu?’ Elder Yu and the others were startled, they didn’t know, when was Elder Hu released!
Huo Yuan Ting was also stunned and rose violently, ‘Elder Hu, you left the place of confinement without permission, this is a capital offence!’
‘Hahaha, Huo Yuan Ting, you don’t have to go through all the trouble of trying to screw me over, wanting to get the Divine Flame Seal, and to think that you’d even want to use me to blackmail Elder Yu and the others.’
‘Even if I die, I won’t let you have your way …………’
As Elder Hu said this, his entire body unexpectedly floated into the council chamber!
Seeing this scene, Elder Yu’s eyes instantly widened, ‘Old Hu, what’s going on? How did your divine soul leave your body?”
It turned out that it was Elder Hu’s divine soul that had come, not that Elder Hu had left the place of confinement!
‘Elder Yu, I knew that this Huo Yuan Ting was going to use me to blackmail you all, so I committed suicide, leaving behind this wisp of my divine soul just to tell you that you must not compromise.’
‘As long as we don’t get the Divine Flame Seal, he won’t be able to think of taking full control of the Violet Flame Sect, and there will still be hope for our Violet Flame Sect!’
As Elder Hu spoke, his divine soul began to grow fainter and fainter and was slowly dissipating!
‘Old Hu, Old Hu, why are you so stupid ah ……’
Elder Yu wanted to step forward to retain Elder Hu’s divine soul, but he was unable to do anything!
In the end, Elder Hu’s divine soul disappeared into thin air, it was considered a true death of the body, and it was impossible to have any hope of resurrection!
The elders of the Old Sect Master’s lineage were all grieving!
In order for them not to be held hostage, Elder Hu had actually chosen to end his life!
Huo Yuan Ting was also shocked, he didn’t expect Elder Hu to commit suicide either!
In that case, how could he threaten Elder Yu and the others?
‘Sect Master Huo, we won’t agree to open the Divine Volcano, if you’re capable, kill us all.’
Elder Yu glared viciously at Huo Yuanting, turned around and headed out!
Those elders of the Old Sect Master’s lineage all got up and left, not giving Huo Yuan Ting the slightest bit of face!
Seeing this, Elder Cui also got up and left!
Since the elders’ meeting could not pass, he would not open the divine volcano!
Looking at the half empty seats, Huo Yuan Ting roared angrily, ‘Ah …… I’ll make them look good sooner or later!’
‘Sect Master, now that the Divine Volcano can’t be opened, what are we going to do?’
An elder looked towards Huo Yuan Ting and asked!
‘How would I know what to do, if I really can’t, I’ll just behead them all and no one will object.’
Huo Yuan Ting’s eyes were filled with a murderous aura!
‘Sect master, never, if this happens, the Purple Flame Sect is bound to suffer a great loss of vitality, and will probably be attacked and annexed by other sects.’
At this moment, Elder Tian rose and said!
‘Elder Tian, what solution do you have then?’
Huo Yuanting asked!
‘Since Elder Yu and the others don’t agree to open the Divine Volcano, then we’ll secretly open the Divine Volcano ourselves.’
Elder Tian said!
‘In the entire Violet Flame Sect, only Elder Cui is able to open it, and it’s unlikely that Elder Cui will listen to us.’ Huo Yuan Ting shook his head!
‘There’s no need for Elder Cui, opening the Divine Volcano uses formations, and although Elder Cui is the only one within the Purple Flame Sect who knows the art of formations, he’s not the only one in our entire Central Region who knows formations.’
‘The Two Yi Sect is a sect that specialises in formations, we can go and find the Two Yi Sect to step in, as long as we promise a large amount of resources, I think the Two Yi Sect will be able to agree.’
Elder Tian said!
After Huo Yuan Ting heard this, his expression was instantly delighted as he said, ‘Elder Tian, there is this way, why didn’t you say it earlier?’
‘I thought that if Elder Yu and the others agreed, it would save us the trouble of going to the Two Yi Sect, and we would also be able to save a fortune in resources.’
Elder Tian said!