“Master, don’t be angry!”
Old Liu, the housekeeper, hurriedly persuaded, “Master, our first priority is to prepare the medicinal materials for Xuan Yue Valley, so that Master Bu Zuang can practice the Life Renewing Pill for Master, that Chen Ping is just a clown, so what can he do if we let him jump around for a few more days. We have to settle this matter and get the money together first!”
“Red Phoenix Hall …………” Jiang Zhengzhong’s eyes flashed with a cold aura: “This Red Phoenix Hall is always against our Jiang family, sooner or later I will drive them out of the Martial Dao Alliance and drive them out of the provincial city!”
“Tomorrow, I’ll convene an alliance meeting and give these guys a good beating, if not, I’ll see them in the ring!”
Jiang Zhengzhong finished speaking and smashed his fist on the table, directly smashing it to pieces!
…………
Chen Ping drove away from Jiang’s house and prepared to go back to Gu Ling’er’s house!
But just after walking a short distance, he found that two cars were actually following him behind him!
“The Jiang family has moved quite quickly!”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly as he directly drove the car to the roadside and stopped!
He didn’t want to run, nor did he have to, following the Jiang Family in a battle was inevitable!
Chen Ping’s car had just stopped when two cars stopped directly in front of him, four strong men stepped down from the car behind, then hurriedly walked to the one in front and opened the door respectfully!
The car door opened and a middle-aged man dressed in a practice uniform, with a full beard and around fifty years of age stepped down!
Seeing these people, Chen Ping frowned slightly, these people didn’t look like people from the Jiang family!
“Master, Senior Brother Ye Yong was killed by him!”
At this moment, a strong man pointed at Chen Ping and said with eyes full of anger!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he reacted, it turned out that these people were from the Iron Gate Pavilion, and two of them were the guys who followed Ye Yong around!
The Iron Gate Pavilion Master looked Chen Ping up and down and said, “Kid, you killed my disciples and you still dare to stay in the provincial city, is this not putting my Iron Gate Pavilion in your eyes?”
He was curious why these hard qigong practitioners all looked like this, just like they were carved out of a mold.
When he saw Chen Ping laughing, the owner of the Iron Gate Pavilion said angrily, “What are you laughing at? Can’t you hear me?”
“No wonder that Ye Fengchun and that Ye Yong are so unbearable, with a master like you, you surely can’t teach any good disciples either, it was clearly your disciple who tried to kill me, his skills were not as good as mine and I killed him, you are a master with lax discipline, you don’t reflect on yourself, and you are even looking for me!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“That Ye Fengchun has already left the division, I can ignore his life or death, but Ye Yong is a disciple under my discipline, no matter why he killed you, but you cannot kill him, otherwise you are an enemy of my Iron Gate Pavilion!”
The veins on the forehead of the Iron Gate Pavilion’s master were rippling, clearly enraged!
“What can I do if I am an enemy of your Iron Gate Pavilion? If you have the guts, do it, if you don’t, then get lost, I don’t like to talk!”
Chen Ping was disgusted by this Iron Gate Pavilion owner’s domineering look!
“Good boy, you are the first person who dares to follow me and talk like that!”
The Iron Gate Pavilion Master was furious, his aura instantly exploding as he pressed towards Chen Ping!
Faintly, the Iron Gate Pavilion Master’s surroundings shone with golden light, like a god descending from the earth!
The other disciples of the Iron Gate Pavilion saw this and dodged to the side!
Watching the Iron Gate Pavilion Master’s performance, Chen Ping looked flat and smiled coldly, “You are indeed more powerful than your disciple, but you are far from wanting to take my life like this!”