“Make a move ……”
Seeing this, Xuan Yuan Kai immediately ordered the Martial Sects under him to strike, otherwise they would be pa*sive when that Qin Xiaoxian got his hands on the Dragon Crystal.
“Make a move ……”
Cheng Kun also gave the order, ordering the Martial Sects under his own men to strike!
Seeing that Qin Xiaoxian was about to reach Chen Ping, the terrifying strong qi was about to tear Chen Ping apart, but soon, two equally overwhelming strong qi attacked, ruthlessly following Qin Xiaoxian and colliding together.
Qin Xiaoxian’s body flew backwards and a mouthful of blood gushed out as his throat became sweet!
His current strength was not enough to follow against two experts of the Martial Sect realm.
After knocking Qin Xiaoxian back, the two Martial Sects from the Xuanyuan Clan and the Thunderbolt Sect instantly shot out their hands and grabbed towards Chen Ping, but before they could grab Chen Ping, the two men fought.
Now Chen Ping had become a hot bun, and everyone wanted to capture him, so they all tried their best.
But whether it was Qin Xiaoxian or the two Martial Sects from the Xuanyuan Family and the Thunderbolt Sect, their strengths were equal, so it would be difficult to tell the winner in a short time, and even if they did, I was afraid that both would be defeated!
“Sir Cheng, Sir Xuanyuan, you want to get the dragon crystal, while I want to kill Chen Ping’s life, why don’t the three of us cooperate, and after killing that Chen Ping, I will never rob that dragon crystal with you two?”
Qin Xiaoxian understood that if this kind of chaotic fight continued, the only one who would gain in the end would be Chen Ping.
As soon as Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai heard this, they waved their hands and told their two men to all withdraw back as they pondered over Qin Xiaoxian’s proposal.
“Cheng Kun, I don’t think it’s a bad idea, if we continue to fight like this, in the end, I’m afraid no one will get the dragon crystal, why not work together, even if that kid absorbs the dragon crystal, we can just split him in half, one half for each of our two families, suck his blood and eat his flesh, it might also help our cultivation… …”
Xuan Yuan Kai said to Cheng Kun.
Cheng Kun thought for a moment, so he nodded, “Okay, let’s do as you say!”
At this moment, the three families joined forces and all looked at Chen Ping intently.
Faced with the greedy and vicious eyes of the three families, Chen Ping’s back was filled with cold sweat!
If there was only one Fourth Grade Martial Sect, Chen Ping would not be afraid in the slightest, but now that three Martial Sects were eyeing him intently, even if Chen Ping had swallowed the Dragon Crystal and had the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, it would be impossible for him to deal with three Martial Sects at the same time.
“Chen Ping, if you obediently kill yourself now, you can still suffer less flesh and blood later, you killed my big brother, today is the day I will take revenge for my big brother ……”
Qin Xiaoxian looked at Chen Ping coldly and said.
“As Martial Sects, you are all coming together to deal with me, how shameless is that? I really don’t know how you guys cultivated this Martial Sect realm ……”
Chen Ping said with a sneer on his face.
He was going to use the method of provocation, it was best to let these guys come against him one by one, even if it was a wheel battle he was not afraid, with the Dragon Crystal around, Chen Ping could get a constant source of replenishment.
“Are you trying to provoke me? Unfortunately, it’s useless to me, I can kill you, by any method ……”
Qin Xiaoxian was not the least bit impressed, there was nothing to be ashamed of.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s face slowly cooled down and said softly to Gu Ling’er, “Ling’er, you take Yu Qi and find a chance to leave, no need to shut me down ……”
Chen Ping knew that this time he was in bad luck, he could not let Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi follow his bad luck.
This Xuanyuan Kai and Cheng Kun were no good, if something bad really happened to him, Chen Ping didn’t dare to imagine what would happen to Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er if they fell into the hands of these two people!
“No, I’m not leaving, I want to stay with you, if you die, I’ll die with you ……”
Su Yuqi fought to shake her head, then looked at Gu Ling’er and said, “Ling’er, you can escape on your own later, I want to die with Chen Ping ……”