“Madam Ling needn’t worry about it!”
Su Wenzong smiled faintly, then followed Chen Ping and sat down on the sofa to the side!
Chen Ping surveyed the room, it was all rather old furniture, none of which was worth much, not at all like the home of the head of a city, and that Wang Hui, being the mayor’s wife, could still be so amiable, Chen Ping couldn’t understand how a mother like Wang Hui could have taught someone like Ling Feng.
Su Wenzong and Chen Ping sat for not too long when the study door was opened and four people came out in a line!
One of them was a middle-aged man with gla*ses, in his forties, who was none other than Ling Zhenchuan. Although he was dressed in a very ordinary manner, he had the air of a man in authority!
The other three people were Hong Kong businessmen, one of them was a thin man with a goatee and gleaming eyes, Chen Ping actually felt a hint of aura fluctuation from this Hong Kong businessman!
“Could this guy also be an immortal cultivator?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but look at him a few more times!
“Mayor Ling, I hope you will give it some thought, our investment will definitely strengthen Hong Cheng’s economy, as long as you divide the southern part of the city to us, we can rebuild a city within three years!”
The Hong Kong businessman with the goatee said.
“Sorry, I can’t let my ancestors and grandchildren poke my backbone just for the sake of money, and I won’t go to the detriment of every citizen, to make a political achievement, you rely on not only money but also the support of the general public, this matter is waived, forgive me for not seeing you off!”
Ling Zhenchuan said in a stern voice with a cold face!
It could be seen that Ling Zhenchuan had not had a very pleasant conversation with the Hong Kong businessmen!
“Since Mayor Ling is so insistent, then we have nothing more to talk about, goodbye!”
The goatee-bearded Hong Kong businessman extended his hand towards Ling Chenchuan.
Although the conversation was unpleasant, there was always a minimum of courtesy, so Ling Zhenchuan shook hands with the Hong Kong businessman!
But at the moment when their palms met, a wisp of black mist, if any, entered Ling Chenchuan’s body along his palm, but Ling Chenchuan was unaware of it!
However, this scene was seen by Chen Ping, who frowned and stared at the goat-bearded Hong Kong businessman!
The Hong Kong businessman also seemed to sense something and turned his head to look at Chen Ping, but only for a glance before turning his head back!
When the three Hong Kong businessmen had left, Ling Zhenchuan then sat down on the sofa in a huff, drinking the tea brought over by Wang Hui, his face ugly!
“Old Ling, Old Su has been waiting for you for a while!”
Wang Hui reminded Ling Zhenchuan!
Only then did Ling Zhenchuan remember and hurriedly greeted Su Wenzong, “Old Su, come and sit down, I was so angry just now that I forgot about you!”
Ling Zhenchuan got up and followed Su Wenzong with a face full of apologies and said.
“Mayor Ling you’re welcome, for the sake of Hongcheng, you work day and night, it’s really embarra*sing to take the liberty to disturb you!”
Su Wenzong walked over, and Chen Ping followed behind him!
“Old Su, if Hongcheng can develop to the present state, you have also contributed a lot, without your support, it would be useless even if I had three heads and six arms!” Ling Zhenchuan smiled: “Xiao Feng has told me about the land in the west of your Su family’s city, and I have already sent someone to start the approval process, as long as it is legal and compliant, you can just come to me directly, there is no need to ask Xiao Feng to send a message!”
“Besides, Ancient even called me and said that you were coming to make amends to me, what’s going on?”
Su Wenzong hurriedly explained, “Mayor Ling, yesterday at my home, Xiao Feng and Chen Ping had a little misunderstanding, and as a result, the two of them had a conflict.
Ling Zhenchuan glanced at Chen Ping and smiled lightly, “Young people, it’s normal to have a little temper, if you hit him, you hit him, you still need to alarm the ancient times, I thought you had done something illegal and disorderly, if that was the case, no one would be able to call you!”