Boom Boom Boom …………
Suddenly, after a muffled sound, the few cultivators who had just rushed in were all sent flying out!
One by one, these people fell to the ground, wailing in pain!
“Holy sh*t, what the hell kind of test is this, it’s simply too perverted ……”
“Wasn’t it agreed that it wasn’t life threatening? Old me almost died in there.”
“My leg is broken, how can I cultivate in the future.”
“Liar, Guanghan Palace is a big liar ……”
These cultivators who had been knocked out screamed and cursed in pain one by one!
At this moment, the many cultivators who had just been rubbing their fists together were all a bit confused!
Many of them were nervous, and they only jumped at the chance after hearing Lan Yingying’s words that their lives were not in danger!
If they didn’t lose their lives in the end, but became seriously injured and couldn’t cultivate, it would be worse than dying!
“Hmph, a bunch of cowards like rats!”
Mu Kui saw that no one dared to enter on their own initiative anymore, so he let out a cold snort and swaggered into the Trial Tower!
Seeing this, some of the other cultivators clenched their teeth and followed suit, while others announced that they were quitting!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was counting the time, waiting for that Mu Kui to almost pass, he was going in!
Seeing that Chen Ping was hesitant to go in, Lan Yingying said with a sneer “Since you don’t dare to go in, then go back, as I said, even though you luckily passed the illusionary formation, you won’t be able to pass this trial tower!”
Chen Ping looked at that Blue Yingying, but did not say anything, instead, after waiting for a moment, he walked into the Trial Tower!
Just after walking into the Trial Tower, Chen Ping realised that the world around him had changed, and that he had actually arrived in the middle of an endless forest!
The surrounding area was filled with the roars of various beasts!
“Could it be this kind of test?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted up, he did not expect the test of the Guanghan Palace to be so simple!
It should just be that each person stepped into a different scene after entering the Trial Tower, and each scene had its own dangers!
Chen Ping walked forward in that endless forest!
From time to time, there were fierce beasts that rushed out, but they were easily killed by Chen Ping with his Dragon Cutting Sword in hand!
Although Chen Ping was only at the third rank of the Transition Realm now, even if it was a seventh ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping was not afraid!
Chen Ping killed the beasts along the way and easily arrived in front of the gemstone that was emitting a green glow!
Now Chen Ping only needed to touch the gemstone with his hand and input his breath into it to be teleported out of the Trial Tower, and the test would be passed!
But just as Chen Ping was about to walk towards the gemstone, his body emanating his breath, his expression suddenly tightened!
“What kind of person, get out ……”
Chen Ping realised that there was actually someone hiding not far away!
Chen Ping was a little surprised in his heart, he did not know why the other party was hiding and secretly observing him!
“I didn’t think it was really you, even if you changed your appearance, the aura on your body can’t be changed.”
Mu Kui walked out from his hiding place, and there were several people following behind Mu Kui!
These few people had obviously also entered this scene from the Trial Tower and then followed Mu Kui!
After all, only Mu Kui’s strength was the strongest here!
“You’ve been waiting for me?”
Chen Ping looked at Mu Kui, who had appeared, and his brows instantly furrowed!
He did not expect that this Mu Kui had not left the Trial Tower, but was waiting here for himself!
“I’ve always felt that you looked familiar, but I just couldn’t recall, and now through the aura you emit, I finally know who it is.”
“I didn’t expect you to be bold enough to come to the Guanghan Palace!”
Mu Kui said with a cold smile!
“Why wouldn’t I dare, but you leaked my whereabouts to others and wanted to kill me with a borrowed knife, it’s just a pity that those people you found were too pure to kill me!”
“Since you already know my true identity, then I can’t spare you!”
Chen Ping’s eyes surged with killing intent.