Upon hearing this, Lin Keting smiled disdainfully and said, “Not to mention that these aren’t feats, even if they were, I wouldn’t look at them, don’t use your own mind to speculate on someone else’s broad-mindedness!”
“You …… “Zhu Qingxiu was somewhat speechless by Lin Keting’s dislike!
Chen Ping could see that this Lin Keting didn’t look like she was lying either, and the other party’s identity was by no means simple, it wasn’t something that could be compared to a Ten Thousand Swords Sect disciple like Zhu Qingxiu!
As far as the strength of the two blind elders on the left and right was concerned, the entire strength of Zhu Jia Zhen taken out would not be a match!
That Ten Thousand Swords Sect wasn’t necessarily as powerful as these people Lin Keting had brought with her!
“Miss Lin, I wonder if you can tell us how you know what the words on it actually are?”
Chen Ping asked Lin Keting in a very calm tone!
Lin Keting smiled faintly and casually opened in her right hand, there were so many runes drawn on her right hand, at that time, it was these runes that allowed Lin Keting to easily open up the formation at the entrance of the Divine Demon Battlefield!
“Because I have these runes, I was able to make the words on the boulder transform.”
As Lin Keting finished speaking, her palm gently stroked over the boulder!
Along with the light emanating from the runes on Lin Keting’s palm, those words on the boulder began to hover in the air as if they had come to life!
Soon, those obscure words turned into a scroll that appeared in front of everyone’s eyes!
Only to see those scrolls, the scenes of the war between the gods and the demons were vivid in their memories, and the blood of soldiers and horses was spilled over the river ……
Everyone was shocked because it was the first time that they all saw the scenes during the God-Devil Battle through this way!
Previously, Chen Ping could only understand through the white bones and the narratives of some people, and had not witnessed it in such a real way!
Seeing that scene now made Chen Ping’s insides flip over immensely, with a feeling of wanting to vomit!
Those dreaming Immortals in front of them, the realm that they, the cultivators, desperately wanted to reach, were like lambs at this moment, falling down one after another, like ants, completely unable to see the value!
Chen Ping didn’t dare to imagine how cruel that catastrophe of the God-Devil War back then was, and even more so, he didn’t know what the heavens and earth had become because of this catastrophe!
It must be known that the Celestial Realm was only a very small battlefield of the God-Devil War, and there were many small worlds like the Celestial Realm that existed throughout the entire universe between the stars and rivers!
But even if it was a very small battlefield, it was so cruel, one could imagine how many Immortals and Demons had fallen as a result of the entire God-Devil War Cataclysm!
Chen Ping was in a trance for a while, he didn’t know if he had the ability, in figuring out the cause of the God-Devil War, if he had the means to know the identity of his own father!
He felt that those were too far away from him, as far away as a dream ……
“These are all records of that divine and demonic war, so they aren’t any feats ……”
Lin Keting withdrew her hand, and those words instantly returned to the boulder, restoring calm!
Everyone was still immersed in the images they had just seen, even that Right Blind Elder was filled with shock, only that Lin Keting didn’t seem surprised!
“Miss Lin, there should be records on those other boulders as well, could it be that they are all records of this God-Devil Battle?”
Chen Ping finally recovered his mind and asked Lin Keting!
“That’s not true, on top of the other boulders, there should be some feats recorded as well, although these feats are already very old, but after all, they are all Immortal Feats, or magic inherited from the Heavenly Realm, and for the Celestial Realm, that’s also a top level feat.”
“If any of you want to learn, I can help you collect them so that you can understand them!”
Lin Keting said!
Hearing Lin Keting’s words, Zhu Qingxiu felt very embarrassed, just now she had said that Lin Keting had deliberately lied to them in order to secretly learn the gongfu on the boulder, but now it seemed that people really didn’t care!