She did not expect Dong Jiahao to dare to come to herself after doing such a thing.
Sensing the killing intent on Ge Jiayi’s body, the subordinate was terrified and hurriedly went to find Ge Fuhai.
At this moment, Dong Jiahao, carrying a gift in his hand, looked a bit nervous, after all, it was his first time at the Ge family’s door, and he had the feeling of a new aunt coming to the door!
But just as Dong Jiahao was waiting nervously at the door with his gift in hand, he suddenly noticed a figure arrive in front of him in a flash.
“Miss Ge ……”
Seeing Ge Jiayi appear, Dong Jiahao shouted out nervously.
“Dong Jiahao, you beast, take your life ……”
Ge Jiayi’s eyes were wide open, the anger on her body rising, and then she slammed her fist towards Dong Jiahao.
Dong Jiahao’s face was greatly shocked, not understanding what was wrong with this Ge Jiayi, why did she suddenly make a move against herself?
“Miss Ge, what are you ……”
Before Dong Jiahao could finish his words, he was punched in the chest by Ge Jiayi!
A mouthful of blood gushed out, followed by Dong Jiahao’s body instantly flying out.
He hit the car not far away, smashing it to pieces!
This punch cost Dong Jiahao half his life, and as he slowly got up, Dong Jiahao found Ge Jiayi attacking him once again!
He didn’t know what was going on, why was Ge Jiayi attacking him on sight, and to his death!
His strength was not inferior to Ge Jiayi’s, now he did not even have the ability to dodge, he could only watch Ge Jiayi’s terrifying fist wind coming towards him.
“Stop it ……”
At this critical moment, Ge Fuhai arrived and directly blocked in front of Dong Jiahao, then dissolved Ge Jiayi’s fist wind with a palm.
“Dad, don’t stop me, I must kill him today ……”
Ge Jiayi said to Ge Fuhai with an angry face.
“Jiayi, what is wrong with you? Why do you want to kill him?”
Ge Fuhai questioned at Ge Jiayi.
But Ge Jiayi could not speak, she could only stomp her feet in anger and said, “I must kill him today ……”
Seeing that Ge Jiayi would not say anything, Ge Fuhai turned his head to look at the injured Dong Jiahao and said, “Young Master Dong, what happened between you and Jiayi? Why did she try to kill you?”
Dong Jiahao was also confused at this point and shook his head, “I don’t know, Miss Ge met me and wanted to kill me ……”
“Did you say something to her?”
Ge Fuhai said with a slight frown.
Because he knew that Ge Jiayi was not an unreasonable person, although some times a little capricious, but would never kill for no reason.
“No, didn’t say anything ah ……”
Dong Jiahao was so aggrieved at the moment that he was about to cry.
He himself just came over with a gift to say thank you, who knew that he would be beaten up by Ge Jiayi as soon as they met.
Seeing this, Ge Fuhai could only say to Dong Jiahao, “Young Master Dong, you’d better go back first, wait until I’ve finished understanding the situation ……”
Seeing this, Dong Jiahao could only leave, or else his little life would not be saved!
Seeing that Dong Jiahao was leaving, Ge Jiayi directly struck out towards Dong Jiahao, but was stopped by Ge Fuhai.
Looking at Dong Jiahao who walked away, Ge Jiayi could only cry helplessly and then ran back to her room!
The injured Dong Jiahao returned home, but fainted and died.
Dong Liqun looked at the fainted Dong Jiahao and was extremely angry inside!
Only, both Dong Liqun and Ge Fuhai were considered to be sophisticated people, so they didn’t plunge the two families into war at the first opportunity!
Ning Zhi, who had been waiting to see a good show, was slightly disappointed, but even if the two families did not go to war, they would never be united together, and the Martial Alliance could break them down one by one, and it would not take long for all the clans and families in the entire Kyoto Martial World to become part of the Martial Alliance.