“The two of us will split up and look to see what’s different here, I’m thinking that there must be some sort of thing in this area that’s making the Origin Breath condense into a Fantasy Beast!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body leapt up and looked towards an open area in front of him!
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan also headed in the other direction!
The Origin Illusionary Beast hissed and then charged towards Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan!
It seemed like it wanted to stop the two from searching!
“You go look for it, I’ll stall this guy ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping said to Ji Meiyan!
“I don’t know what it is, how can I find it?”
Ji Meiyan had a puzzled look on her face, she didn’t even know what it was, how could she find it?
“Just look around, there must be visions around that thing, you will definitely be able to find it.”
Chen Ping finished speaking, holding the Dragon Slashing Sword, he directly followed the Origin Phantom Beast in battle!
The Unbreakable Golden Body was activated, and with the addition of the Golden Origin, the Unbreakable Golden Body’s light was even more brilliant, and there was also an arc of electricity flickering around it!
Gold Origin plus Lightning Origin, this was the best combination!
In order to be able to stall this Origin Illusionary Beast, Chen Ping had also mobilised all the power he could muster!
Trying to kill this Origin Illusionary Beast here was simply impossible, after all, the Origin Breath here was very abundant, as long as this Origin Illusionary Beast was injured, a large amount of Origin Breath would immediately replenish it to repair the wounds!
So here, this Origin Illusion Beast was an immortal existence!
All Chen Ping could do was to drag out this Origin Illusionary Beast as much as possible, so that Ji Meiyan could quickly find something to control this Origin Illusionary Beast!
While Chen Ping followed that Origin Illusionary Beast and fought, Ji Meiyan was filled with anxiety as she continuously began to search!
Soon, she found that in the middle of this huge cave, there seemed to be a light that was different from the rest of the cave flickering!
Ji Meiyan hurriedly leapt down, and when she got closer, she realised that it was actually an egg-sized stone emitting light!
And around this stone, a silhouette of a shadow was slowly solidifying!
Ji Meiyan looked carefully and realised that the silhouette was actually a head of Origin Illusion Beasts!
These Origin Illusionary Beasts were solidifying at a speed visible to the naked eye!
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan knew that what Chen Ping was looking for was definitely this thing!
These Origin Illusionary Beasts were also formed by this stone solidifying the Origin Breath!
“I found it …………”
Ji Meiyan shouted loudly!
Chen Ping heard Ji Meiyan’s shout and turned his head to look over!
But just as this distraction turned his head, the huge Origin Illusion Beast slapped his palm over!
Chen Ping was unable to dodge and was directly slapped out.
Even though Chen Ping put his best foot forward, he was still powerless against the huge Origin Illusion Beast!
This fellow was an invincible existence that could not be beaten at all!
“Chen Ping …………”
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan , leapt up to save Chen Ping!
“Don’t come over …………”
Chen Ping shouted in panic!
He was in an unbreakable golden body, even if he was slapped by that Origin Mirage Beast, he would be fine, but Ji Meiyan would be in danger if she was slapped in the face!
But where did Ji Meiyan listen to Chen Ping, her heart was burning with anxiety, she only wanted to save Chen Ping!
But just as Ji Meiyan leapt up, that Origin Mirage Beast let out a hiss and just spewed out a mouthful of breath, directly sending Ji Meiyan flying!
Ji Meiyan’s body fell sharply, and her entire body unexpectedly fell heavily on top of that rock!
A mouthful of blood spurted out from Ji Meiyan, and a large amount of blood flowed out from her body!
The blood infiltrated that stone and was quickly absorbed by it!
Slowly, the light emanating from the stone turned red, and those Origin Illusion Beasts that were about to coalesce into one, all dissipated!
Ji Meiyan’s body slowly levitated, and that huge Origin Illusionary Beast, looking at the stone emitting red light, seemed to become a little frightened!