“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”
Ochre Yan saw Chen Ping like this and asked!
“There seems to be a formation within this cave, this time magic weapon of mine can’t even be activated ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked around the cave!
“There is also no formation pattern found to exist ah, how could there be a formation?”
Ochre Yan also looked around!
Chen Ping was also strange, he did not find the existence of a formation, but when he had just activated the Time Spell, it was clear that he had begun to travel back in time, but he was blocked by a golden light!
It was obvious that this golden light was from something within the cave, at this moment there was not a single living thing within the cave except for Chen Ping and the few of them, apart from being a formation, Chen Ping could not think of what else could be there!
But there is no formation pattern engraved around, how did the formation form?
Chen Ping was also in a million pieces!
“Mr Chen, the techniques on the stone walls of this cave are all so advanced, they don’t belong to the Celestial Realm at all.”
Ochre Yan observed those strange writings on the surrounding stone walls and said with some surprise!
“These feats should have been inscribed by a Devil Immortal, isn’t it rumoured that the Heavenly Devil Mountain suppresses a great devil, maybe it’s him who inscribed them.”
“You can take advantage of this opportunity, feel free to record these feats down, then go and cultivate, your strength will definitely soar.”
Chen Ping said!
In fact, Chen Ping did not know whose hands these feats came from, and it was nothing more than a guess!
“It would be amazing for me to be able to penetrate one of these feats, I wouldn’t dare to expect to learn them all!”
Ochre Yan said, then sat down on his knees, staring intently at a stone wall, looking at it carefully!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked around at the gongfu around the stone wall, and soon he realised that in the middle of these gongfu, some of the engraved symbols were actually flickering with a faint light!
“Ochre Yan, do you see that some of the symbols in these gongfu can emit light?”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
“No ah, I didn’t find it!”
Ochre Yan shook his head!
Chen Ping frowned, and then observed the gongfa again, indeed, in those words in the formation, there were symbols that flickered with light!
Chen Ping slightly closed his eyes and opened his Divine Sense, and the entire scene of the cave instantly appeared in his sea of consciousness!
This time, those symbols that were flickering with light could be seen completely and completely!
“Formation patterns, these flickering symbols are actually formation patterns ……”
Chen Ping was startled, he did not expect that the other party had hidden the formation in these several feats!
Chen Ping carefully observed these formation patterns, then along with a flash of golden light, Chen Ping felt that his entire being suddenly appeared in a land of nothingness!
The cave was gone, and Ochre Yan and the others were all gone as well!
“Ochre Yan, Ochre Yan …………”
Chen Ping shouted, but Ochre Yan’s voice could not be heard at all!
Chen Ping knew that he must have been trapped by this formation, but Chen Ping didn’t panic, instead he searched for where the eye of the formation was!
As long as he found the eye of the formation, he could directly break this formation!
However, Chen Ping searched around, but could not find the eye of the formation, the entire formation was like a chaos, there was no beginning and end, not to mention the eye of the formation!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, then with a flip of his palm, the Dragon Sword appeared in his hand!
Immediately afterwards, a blazing sword light was instantly swung out, cutting into the surrounding chaos!
Since he could not find where the eye of the formation was, then he would forcefully break the formation open!
Boom!
The sword energy instantly submerged in the chaos, followed by countless light flashes that lit up from within that chaos!
At the same time, in the midst of the chaos, a red-coloured aura suddenly flew out and then transformed into a monster with flames burning all over its body!
This monster did not have a solid body, it was hidden, and only when the flames were pulsating could the monster’s form be clearly seen!
The monster’s mouth was huge and its two eyes looked very bizarre!
“How is there a spirit monster in the middle of the formation?”
Chen Ping frowned!