The Demon Sealing Alliance had always been the most active organisation in the Celestial Realm in eradicating demonic cultivators, how could Chen Ping say that these demonic cultivators were the dogs of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Shut up, you are looking for death ……”
Elder Fei frowned as his aura instantly erupted!
The matter of the Demon Sealing Alliance keeping devil cultivators was considered a secret of the Demon Sealing Alliance, it absolutely could not be leaked out, if it was leaked out, then the reputation of the Demon Sealing Alliance would be ruined, and there was a high probability that the Demon Sealing Alliance would kill and exterminate these devil cultivators in custody in order to save their reputation!
“Elder Fei, to deal with such a mere brat, where is the need for you to step in, you look down on him too much.”
Protector Gong stopped Elder Fei!
In his opinion, Chen Ping, a tiny cultivator of the eighth grade of the Harmonisation Realm, definitely could not make any waves!
Only to see Protector Gong waving his palms out towards the mountains and forests on both sides, a poisonous tent filled the mountains and forests, accompanied by a hissing roar!
Dozens of demonic beasts, with scarlet eyes, surrounded them, and these demonic beasts stared at Chen Ping and the others in death!
Obviously, these demonic beasts were all controlled by that Gong Protector!
Looking at the dozens of demonic beasts surrounding them, Cai Hongwei’s face was ashen and he said to Chen Ping, “Little brother, thank you for ignoring the danger and coming to save us, you can’t fight them at all, I just hope you can take Xiao Nan and leave, I will break your back.”
Cai Hongwei had already made up his mind to die, but he didn’t want his daughter to die, if he could fight to the death in exchange for Cai Qiannan’s life, he wouldn’t hesitate!
“Boss Cai, let’s escape together ……”
Chen Ping looked at the dozens of leering demonic beasts without the slightest change in his countenance!
With regards to these dozens of demonic beasts, Chen Ping did not put it in his mind, as these demonic beasts were all controlled by the poison tent, Chen Ping only needed to detoxify these demonic beasts!
Now he was worried about these demonic cultivators on the opposite side, these guys were not weak, and now that Cai Hongwei was injured, Chen Ping himself had no way to deal with them!
After contemplating for a moment, Chen Ping violently pulled out a few pills, and then after pinching and bursting them, countless powders drifted towards the piece of demonic beasts!
After the powder floated past, the manic aura of those demonic beasts began to converge and their eyes became restored!
“This guy is really powerful, he even broke my poison tent so easily.”
Protector Gong said with some surprise!
“Don’t engage in this poison playing routine of yours, give me on ……”
After Elder Fei finished speaking, he took the lead and leapt up, rushing towards Chen Ping and the others!
Seeing this, Protector Gong could only lead his men to charge up as well!
Chen Ping frowned as he pulled up Cai Hongwei and Cai Qiannan and turned to run!
Right now, they only had the ability to run away, they had no power to respond to the battle at all!
Only, Cai Hongwei was injured and could not run fast enough, so he was about to be caught up!
“Little brother, take Little Nan and run for your life, I’ll stay behind to stop them, or none of us will be able to run.”
Cai Hongwei broke away from Chen Ping and wanted to stay behind to fend them off for a while!
“You two go first, I will stay behind to buy time.”
Chen Ping would not let Cai Hongwei stay behind by himself, if Cai Hongwei died, then their journey to the Southern Region would be over, relying on them alone, he was afraid that it would be very difficult to get out of the Red Training Mountain Range!
Cai Hongwei was the guide, the leader, if there was no Cai Hongwei, their group would have no choice but to turn back!
It was so hard to get here, Chen Ping would never give up!
Just as Chen Ping was about to stay, a sudden hissing sound rang out!
One could only see a more than ten metre long Silver Red Tiger Tiger King appear, and behind this guard were dozens of majestic Silver Red Tigers!
“You guys run for your lives, I’ll stop them ……”
The Tiger King spat out human words and said to Chen Ping!
Cai Hongwei and Cai Qiannan gave a shock when they saw the Tiger King that appeared, but after hearing the Tiger King spit out human words, they both looked at Chen Ping in shock!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything more and pulled up Cai Hongwei and Cai Qiannan and continued to run!
And that Tiger King led dozens of Silver Red Tigers towards those demonic cultivators to pounce!