Hu Puzi white Chen Ping a glance: “sh*t, I said myself trash, that is modest, you do not underestimate me ……”
Hu Pazzi followed Chen Ping, using the fire-avoidance talisman to block the heat wave of flames, and kept running forward!
Zizhi zizhi …………
The heat wave, in Hu Pazzi and Chen Ping’s ears constantly sounded.
Boom …………
Suddenly, the fire-avoidance talisman was destroyed, followed by flames mixed with a terrifying force, towards the two people!
Chen Ping and Hu Pazi were too late to dodge!
Directly by this force lifted out!
“Unbreakable Golden Body …………”
Chen Ping’s body golden light flashes, a faint golden light into a piece of scales, covering Chen Ping’s whole body!
And Hu Ma Zi was lifted off at the same time, instantly pulled out a talisman from his arms and directly affixed it to his body!
The two people were hit by the heat wave, their bodies kept rolling, their bodies hit the stone wall, and then pushed back by a heat wave.
Thus two people were tossed for several minutes before the burning flame went out and the heat wave disappeared!
Chen Ping coughed and slowly got up in fear, he a great martial arts marquis, but was so messed up!
If Chen Ping did not have the opportunity to make a decision, activated the invincible golden body.
Now he is afraid that not a single piece of clothing left on his body, all to burn!
“Master Hu …………”
Chen Ping looked not far away, lying motionless Hu Pazi, hurriedly ran over and helped Hu Pazi up.
Looking at Hu Pazi’s dark face, Chen Ping could not help but laugh.
“Holy sh*t, you’re still laughing out loud, we both almost died ……”
Hu Puzi glared at Chen Ping!
Hu Pazzi’s body stickers were burned, and his clothes were torn a few holes, but fortunately they were still intact!
“Fortunately I protected the clothes, or I would have to be frank with you now!”
Hu Pazi was relieved to see that his clothes were fine!
It would have been a shame to be naked!
“This has only just entered the entrance, not even seeing the gate of the Heavenly Rune Sect, and already encountered such a powerful rune, so won’t the back be even more dangerous?”
Chen Ping said with a frown.
“That still need to say ah, I think we’d better go back ……”
Hu Pazi began to beat a retreat!
“We have come, we have to see the gate of the Heavenly Rune Sect. ……”
Chen Ping unleashed the invincible golden body and slowly walked forward!
Hu Pazi see this, also can only pull out a few talisman, paste on his body!
“Old ancestor blessing, disciple just came to see, no other intention, please do not be difficult for us!”
Pocky Hu kept chanting!
It may be that Hu Pazi chanting really spiritual, this journey, Chen Ping they really did not encounter danger!
Soon, a piece of open land appeared in front of the two of them, and in this open land, a piece of ruined walls appeared.
A quick glance will reveal that this place has experienced a great war.
Between the ruined walls, a towering gatehouse seemed to foreshadow that once upon a time, this place was also a prosperous and glorious sect!
“Heavenly Rune Sect, this is the Heavenly Rune Sect ……”
Hu Pazi looked at the three big words of the Heavenly Talisman Sect on the gatehouse and shouted with some excitement!
Chen Ping eyes also flashed surprise, directly running towards the Heavenly Talisman Sect!
Hu Pazi saw this, was about to make a sound to remind Chen Ping, but saw Chen Ping personally froze.
Immediately after a powerful and domineering qi attack, making Chen Ping dodge, instantly smashed away.
“I was about to remind you, why are you so reckless, there must be a mystery inside this Heavenly Talisman Sect, you are not looking for death if you barge in!”
Hu Pazi hurriedly helped Chen Ping up and said.
Chen Ping wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, frowned slightly and said, “What a terrifying qi ……”
Just that aura, the strength shown, afraid that is not worse than the peak of the Martial Marquis!