“Yuqi …………”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi in pain, conflicted at the moment!
“Go away, go away ……”
Su Yuqi’s voice hissed with a plea.
Seeing several breaths getting closer and closer, Chen Ping gritted his teeth and gave Su Yuqi a look, “Yuqi, don’t worry, I will definitely come back.”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he threw the Qiankun Circle in his hand, a black hole instantly appeared, and Chen Ping dived in head first.
Immediately afterwards, the black hole disappeared and Chen Ping was gone.
Only when Su Yuqi saw this did she let out a long breath.
Just as Chen Ping left, Zhu Zhishan arrived with his men, feeling the aura fluctuations that still remained in the air, Zhu Zhishan’s face turned very ugly.
“Humph, let this brat escape, before I see him, I will definitely kill him!”
Zhu Zhishan said, then looked at Su Yuqi: “You stay well for me, trying to escape from here will never be possible ……”
Su Yuqi coldly glanced at Zhu Zhishan and did not say anything, but she knew in her heart that Chen Ping would definitely save her from getting out, and would also definitely destroy the Martial Alliance!
She knew Chen Ping too well, Chen Ping’s nature is like this, people do not offend me I do not offend, if people offend me, I kill his whole family ……
At this moment, Chen Ping was standing quietly inside the alleyway on the side of the Wudao Alliance, unwilling to leave for a long time!
It was only when he heard a commotion that Chen Ping left in a hurry.
After Chen Ping left, Zhu Zhishan also chased after him.
“Alliance Master, that Chen Ping just left, he should have used a spatial magic weapon to enter the dungeon ……”
Someone said to Zhu Zhishan after probing a bit.
“Immediately send someone, strengthen the defense of the dungeon so that no spatial magic weapon can enter ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a gloomy face.
“As you command!”
The man immediately went to set up.
Zhu Zhishan returned to the Martial Alliance hall, his face stayed gloomy!
He was in a heavy mood at the moment; the great power had spoken, so that was proof that he was running out of time.
On Zhu Zhishan’s table was a thick stack of information, hundreds of pages, containing the most detailed information on Chen Ping.
In the past, Zhu Zhishan had not taken Chen Ping into account, so he had not bothered to investigate him.
But now it was different, he needed to know about Chen Ping and what kind of person this guy really was.
While Zhu Zhishan was looking at Chen Ping’s information, many people from the clan families came in one after another.
These were the people Zhu Zhishan had sent to invite, and among them was Long Jingguo!
Zhu Zhishan had no other intention than to join forces to get rid of Chen Ping, the sooner the better ……
After everyone sat down, Zhu Zhishan spoke directly: “Gentlemen, I have no other meaning in bringing you here this time, just to discuss how to get rid of Chen Ping, this guy is like a mud fish, you can’t even catch him!”
“Besides here is the most detailed information on Chen Ping, you all take a look ……”
Zhu Zhishan waved his hand, and someone immediately distributed Chen Ping’s information.
Everyone looked at it in detail, only Long Jingguo casually flipped through it perfunctorily, because Chen Ping’s information, he had already investigated it many times.
Ten minutes later, someone took Chen Ping’s information and said in a very puzzled manner, “Master Zhu, this Chen Ping’s life is too strange, isn’t it? I didn’t think he had always been an ordinary, uneventful person, so how come he suddenly seemed like a different person after he came out of jail?”
“Yes, I’ve noticed it too, this guy has broken through to Martial Marquis in just a few months, this is too unbelievable, isn’t it?”
Someone followed and echoed.
“This is simply a rocket ride, even if it is a rocket ride, it is impossible for the strength to increase so fast ah, too strange, there must be a secret in this Chen Ping ……”
“It’s too demonic, even the most talented people in the martial arts world can’t progress so fast, could this Chen Ping have guidance from someone high up?”
The crowd was chattering!