Bai Shao and Luo Xi followed behind Chen Ping!
After walking for some distance, a sudden sound of a formation humming resounded!
Only to see that above the earth, a light splendour wonderfully opened up, and then these light splendours gathered together and rose up into the sky, and immediately after that, Chen Ping saw a heavenly tree rising up from the ground!
Just now was still a green and lush scene, but at this moment it changed its appearance, the surrounding trees quickly disappeared, and in its place was a sky-high tree!
Around the sky-high tree, there was a scorched earth, not an inch of grass grew, as if all the nutrition was absorbed by this sky-high tree!
This heavenly tree also showed a sign of decay, the leaves on the tree were drying up, but the apple-sized fruit on the tree was so full that it looked mouth-watering!
It was as if the entire tree was supplying the dozen or so fruits on the tree, so much so that the tree was somewhat withered.
Chen Ping gently stepped forward and gently pressed one hand on top of the tree trunk, and a stream of rich Immortal Qi instantly entered his body!
This was an Immortal Tree, and along with the Immortal Qi surging, the area around that one fruit was surrounded by Immortal Mist, looking Immortal and floating!
“There is such a large immortal tree here, and so many immortal fruits, what a fortune ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help the excitement within him!
Luo Xi looked at the sky-high tree in front of her, also full of surprise, very puzzled, “This tree is so huge, how just did not find it? It seems like you have to walk in to discover its existence ……”
Chen Ping is also very surprised “Could it be that this immortal tree has long been discovered, specially laid down blindfold law, so that others can not see?”
“This blindfold is laid by the Immortal Tree itself, the Divine and Demonic Battlefield opens once in an unknown number of years, who would lay this blindfold. An Immortal Tree of this size, surviving for at least a thousand years or more, should already have an autonomous spiritual sense, so it’s still very simple to lay down a simple blindfold by itself.”
Bai Qi said as she looked at the immortal tree in front of her!
“Possessing a spirit? So awesome?”
Chen Ping looked incredulously at the tree in front of him!
“Then what is this kind of tree called? And what are the fruits on the tree?”
Luo Xi asked curiously!
“This fruit should be the Clear Spirit Fruit, something that can enhance your cultivation and sense of heaven and earth, like us Transition Realm Cultivators, if we eat this Clear Spirit Fruit, we can easily sense the origin.”
Bai Shao said!
“So powerful? Being able to sense the Origin?” Luo Xi froze, her eyes instantly filled with excitement!
“Such a powerful fruit, I’ll pick it and give you a few pieces ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at the excited Luo Xi!
After all, Chen Ping had already opened the Origin Space and possessed several kinds of Origin, this fruit did not help him much!
But it was different for Luo Xi!
“Mr Chen, thank you so much ……”
Luo Xi said happily!
But just as Chen Ping was about to go up the tree to pick the fruit, he was directly carried and thrown aside by Bai Shao!
“Does this fruit have a share for you? You need to put yourself in your place ……”
After Bai Shallow finished speaking, she leapt to the tree!
A dozen or so fruits were soon all picked by Bai Shallow!
Seeing Bai Shallow’s overbearing appearance, Chen Ping also dared to be angry, and now he had to hold his tongue in order to do so!
Luo Xi, on the other hand, was full of disappointment, but still comforted Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, this fruit I don’t want is also fine ……”
Luo Xi was afraid that Chen Ping would feel guilty, that’s why she said this!
“It’s fine, I’ll go and ask for two for you, so many fruits, or I found them, there’s always no problem asking for two.”
Chen Ping said, stepped forward and said to Bai Qian “Bai …… Bai girl, there are so many fruits, do you think you can share two of them with Luo girl?”
“I can not want, the rest are given to you, behind in the encounter what treasures, I will not compete with you ……”