The Tianwu Sect disciples watched as Xia Chao disappeared right before their eyes, not even leaving a corpse behind, and one by one, their eyes widened and they froze on the spot.
There was no anger, there was only fear. At this moment, Chen Ping was like a heavenly god descending to earth, Avray shocking these people of the Tianwu Sect.
Xiao Lan’s mouth was also slightly open, she did not expect Chen Ping’s sword to be so powerful, directly blasting a person to the point of not even having any bones left.
Taking back the Dragon Chopping Sword, Chen Ping glanced at the shocked Xiao Lan and said, “Alright, Xia Chao is dead, we should go ……”
Xiao Lan nodded and followed Chen Ping towards the outside of the Tianwu Sect’s mountain gate, those members of the Miao Cottage following closely behind.
When pa*sing in front of those Tianwu Sect disciples, Chen Ping gave a look that scared those people into running backwards, not to mention blocking them, they didn’t even have the courage to look at Chen Ping anymore.
Chen Ping and Xiaolan did not return to the Miao Village, but went straight down the mountain, and although the Five Great Li-heads and the Miao Village crowd kowtowed to stay, the two people still did not linger in the slightest.
It was for the sake of the spiritual spring that Chen Ping agreed to come to the Heavenly Martial Sect, and the death of the Miao Village people did not concern him in the slightest.
Although Chen Ping knew that the Heavenly Martial Sect would not let the Miao Village go so easily and would definitely vent their anger on the Miao Village if they could not find revenge on themselves, Chen Ping was not obliged to help the Miao Village either.
In this society of the weak and the strong, only one’s own strength is the best way to gain a foothold, and relying on others for shelter simply won’t last.
The two of them boarded a plane and headed straight to Hongcheng. After a few days of separation, Chen Ping still missed Su Yuqi and the girls, especially Chen Ping wanted to know what Su Yuqi, a fire spirit body, would be like when she cultivated.
But when Chen Ping and Xiao Lan arrived at Pan Long Bay Villa, they found it empty, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were not there at all.
When Chen Ping called the two, there was no way to get through to them either.
Chen Ping called Su Wenzong and Gu Wentian again to ask where Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were, but these two people also knew nothing, which left Chen Ping’s hanging.
But when he thought about it, Long Wu was with Su Yuqi and the girls when he left, so there would not be any problem, after all, with Long Wu’s strength, there were few rivals in the martial arts world.
After searching for a whole day without success, Chen Ping couldn’t contact Long Wu, so he just stopped looking.
Seeing that the 15th of July was approaching, Chen Ping needed to quietly cultivate his mind, just as Song Tie personally delivered another cart of spirit stones to him.
When Song Tie saw Xiao Lan following Chen Ping at the villa, she still looked a little surprised, after all, she had met both Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, but when another beautiful woman suddenly appeared beside Chen Ping, Song Tie’s eyes changed a little.
“I didn’t expect that Mr. Chen was still a polygamist, surrounded by beautiful women constantly ah ……”
Song Tie was full of jealousy and said to Chen Ping.
“Miss Song, you misunderstood, this is just a friend of mine ……”
Chen Ping said with a helpless smile.
“A friend? A friend who lives with a lone man and a woman? How come I don’t see Miss Su and the others?”
Song Tie surveyed the inside of the villa, there was no sign of Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er at all.
“They have something to go out, this matter of delivering spirit stones in the future, just let someone else do it, it’s a bit inappropriate for you, such a big star, to deliver it personally ……”
Chen Ping didn’t want Song Tie to deliver spirit stones to himself, and he didn’t want to delay Song Tie, he could tell that Song Tie meant something to him, but Chen Ping didn’t have any feelings for Song Tie, and dwelling on it like this would only delay Song Tie’s youth.
“What? You don’t wish to see me?” Song Tie’s face instantly turned a little ugly: “I know you don’t lack women around you, but am I worse than the women around you, regardless of my looks or status?”
“Miss Song misunderstood, that’s not what I meant!” Chen Ping was a little embarra*sed and didn’t know how to explain.