Is Mr Chen still cultivating?”
Elder Miao asked as he adjusted his injuries and walked to the backyard!
“It’s been two days and two nights, and I don’t know when it will end.”
Cai Hongwei looked a little anxious, after all, time was running out, the earlier they arrived at the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the greater the opportunities they might encounter!
“In patiently waiting, I reckon it’s almost about time.”
Elder Miao said!
But just as Miao Lao’s words fell, suddenly the heavens and earth trembled, followed by large black clouds appearing in the sky!
After only a few moments, the entire Meteor Sun City was enveloped in black clouds, as if it was the end of days!
This sudden vision caused everyone in Meteor Sun City to become worried!
Even that Sun City Lord ran out of his room, his eyes gazing at the sky!
“What …… is going on here?” Cai Hongwei asked with a slightly trembling voice!
Elder Miao looked grave and shook his head, “I’m not sure.”
“It can’t be that there’s a demonic cultivator coming, right?”
Looking at those black clouds, Cai Qiannan said in fear!
“Yes, yes, yes, it’s definitely a demonic cultivator, I can feel the aura of a demonic cultivator.”
Miao Miao followed and agreed!
Where had the two girls seen such a scene before, they were both scared pale!
“Shut up, where are the devil cultivators, where are the devil cultivators that dare to act so blatantly now.”
Elder Miao glared at Miao Miao and said!
The black clouds pressed lower and lower, everyone felt as if they had a big stone pressed on their hearts and were a little out of breath!
This feeling was as if the oppression brought about by the descent of an immortal!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, a roar came from the black clouds, as if there were countless heavenly soldiers and generals running above the black clouds!
Ka …………
A bolt of lightning struck down without warning, and the location was exactly Old Jia’s backyard, where Chen Ping was cultivating!
This bolt of lightning struck down, instantly stirring up an endless storm!
Old Miao and the others who were originally guarding the backyard were directly blown away!
Everyone flew tens of metres away!
All the houses in the backyard were also turned into powder the moment this lightning struck down!
Even the City Lord’s Mansion next door suffered from the repercussions, and even City Lord Sun was shaken by the force and retreated several steps!
“What the hell is this?”
City Lord Sun frowned as his body leapt up and flew over the City Lord’s Mansion, landing in Old Jia’s courtyard!
And at that moment, Elder Miao as well as Old Jia and the rest of them were all grey-headed and had just climbed up from the ground!
All of them then looked at what was in front of them in shock!
Only to see Chen Ping sitting cross-legged under that Immortal Tree, which had long since withered!
The clothes on Chen Ping’s body had also become tattered and torn!
“Could, could that have just been a lightning tribulation?”
Cai Hongwei said in shock!
“Thunder Tribulation?” Elder Miao also waited until his eyes were wide open, “This black cloud in the sky is a thunder tribulation cloud? How could there be such a thunder tribulation cloud?”
“Impossible, this kind of thunder tribulation can’t even be encountered by an ascension, his current breakthrough is only at the Transitional Realm, suffering this kind of thunder tribulation, wouldn’t he have to go up in smoke.”
“We’ve all broken through the Transitional Apparition Realm and have all suffered thunder tribulation, who has seen this kind of terrifying thunder tribulation cloud.”
City Lord Sun immediately retorted!
Although the Transition Realm was one of the toughest realms for cultivators, and those who were able to break through the Transition Realm were feared to be one in a hundred, it wasn’t this terrifying!
If it was this kind of terrifying thunderbolt, not to mention not one in a hundred, I’m afraid that in the entire Celestial Realm, there wouldn’t be a single cultivator who would be able to break through to the Transition Realm!
Just as Lord Sun City’s words had fallen, another thunderbolt struck down!
The crowd saw with their own eyes that the thunder tribulation struck Chen Ping’s body fiercely!
The clothes on Chen Ping’s body all went up in smoke, and his skin that shone with golden light was exposed!
This golden light was not Chen Ping’s use of the Unbreakable Golden Body, but rather the light of Chen Ping’s physical body!
Seeing this scene, everyone froze!
It was because the strength of Chen Ping’s fleshly body was beyond everyone’s imagination!