“You …… you ……”
The man looked at Chen Ping incredulously, not knowing what to say!
Chen Ping, at this moment, but let the man loose and said “Take me there ……”
The man hesitated for a moment, but finally led Chen Ping towards the lean old man!
The lean old man saw Chen Ping and the man walking towards him, his face suddenly changed and said “Suo Xingyue, what are you doing? Why don’t you kill him for me?”
The man didn’t say anything, his face had a complicated expression on it!
On the other hand, Chen Ping looked at the lean old man and said, “You demon cultivator, even if you don’t find a place to hide, how dare you appear in plain sight?”
As soon as the lean old man heard Chen Ping reveal his identity, he instantly understood that Suo Xingyue had betrayed him, so he no longer hid himself, and his body emitted a black aura, which was clearly some kind of demonic technique he was practicing.
“Suo Xingyue, you dare to reveal my identity, do you know the consequences?”
The lean old man asked!
Suo Xingyue gritted her teeth and raised her head sharply, “I know the consequences, but even if I die, I will not help the evil-doers.
“The big deal is to die, I won’t be refining pills for you guys to hide your demon qi, so kill or die as you wish!”
Suo Xingyue was also giving up and shouted at the lean old man!
“Good, since you are not afraid of death, then I will fulfill you, do you think a mere minor cultivator of the second rank of the Harmonious Body realm can save you?”
The lean old man said, with a movement of his finger, a black breath actually emerged from Suo Xingyue’s body, Suo Xingyue screamed miserably and fell to the ground twitching continuously!
“Little brother, kill me, kill me, don’t let me be tortured.”
So Xing Yue said as he looked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, then stepped forward and grabbed Suo Xing Yue’s wrist!
A ray of spiritual energy struck into Suo Xing Yue’s body and Chen Ping realised that a demonic Qi had been placed inside Suo Xing Yue’s body, which was now rampaging through Suo Xing Yue’s body, causing Suo Xing Yue to suffer!
“Don’t worry, with me here, you won’t die ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he reached out and nodded at Suo Xing Yue’s body a few times, and immediately afterwards, a swirling black mist was rising from the top of Suo Xing Yue’s head!
And Chen Ping fiercely exerted some force, all those black mist was sucked into Chen Ping’s body!
It only took a few moments for all the demonic energy in Suo Xing Yue’s body to disappear and be sucked into Chen Ping’s own body!
So Xing Yue was dumbfounded at the sight of this scene!
“Little brother, you …… What are you doing? You’ll be worse than dead if you’re tainted with demonic Qi.”
Suo Xingyue couldn’t understand how Chen Ping had sucked that devilish Qi into his body!
“Don’t worry, I will be fine.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then looked towards the lean old man!
The lean old man looked at Chen Ping and was also filled with surprise “Who the hell are you? How dare you breathe my demonic Qi into your body?”
“You don’t need to care about what I am, it’s not too late for you to leave, I’m going to the Pill Master Meeting, so I don’t want you to cause any damage.”
“Besides I don’t care if you’re a demon, beast or human, as long as you don’t provoke me, I don’t bother with you.”
Chen Ping waved his hand towards the lean old man and said!
The lean old man was dumbfounded, looking Chen Ping up and down, he was not sure that Chen Ping, a cultivator of the second rank of the Harmonious Body realm, dared to speak to himself in such a tone!
At any rate, he was also a sixth-ranked practitioner of the Harmony Realm, and with such a difference in strength, he could have killed the other party with a slap!
Now the lean old man didn’t even know where Chen Ping got the confidence!
Even Suo Xingyue at the side was full of puzzlement, although Chen Ping’s strength might indeed be higher than the realm of performance, but how could a second ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm deal with a sixth ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm, it did not seem to have the slightest chance of winning!