Jade Tripod Sect!
After exterminating Hu Yixiao, the Jade Tripod Sect was back to normal!
Chen Ping was waiting for the Fire Phoenix to return, if the Fire Phoenix really brought the other demon emperors and beast kings of the Beast Clan, it was expected that some strife could not be avoided!
No one expected that the Ming Li Royal City would perish so quickly!
Now that Yi He is in charge of two cities, the other royal cities and royal cities will definitely be red in the face, and will probably knock Yi He for a sum of money!
So Chen Ping would have to wait and see, if the other Demon Emperors and Beast Kings really wanted to make a move, Chen Ping plus Yi He would not have to be afraid!
If it was just IH himself, then he would definitely not be an opponent!
“Mr Chen, Demon Emperor Yihe is here ……”
Nie Heng said as he walked into Chen Ping’s room!
As soon as Chen Ping heard that Yihe had come, he knew that it must be the return of the Fire Phoenix, so he hurriedly followed Nie Heng to the Jade Cauldron Sect’s main hall!
Chen Ping saw that Yi He and Fire Phoenix were chatting after Ruyan Liu!
“Master ……,” seeing Chen Ping, Fire Phoenix hurriedly greeted him!
“Fire Phoenix, has help moved in?”
Chen Ping asked!
Fire Phoenix shook his head “The few guys from that Beast Race, all of them are not at home, they seem to have gone to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, I saw quite a few people on this journey heading towards the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
“It seems like they are saying that a new divine and demonic battlefield has been discovered in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, it has never been stepped on before, there must be quite a few treasures inside.”
“Heavenly Demon Mountain? A new Divine Demon Battlefield?”
Chen Ping’s eyes lit up!
That Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, as well as that Jin Dong, Luo Xi’s Blood Spirit Valley, was not far from the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Chen Ping was just about to take a trip to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, but he didn’t expect that the Heavenly Demon Mountain had discovered a new Divine Demon Battlefield!
Thinking of all the dragon qi that he had obtained in the Sea of Mo and the things that he knew about the God-Devil Battle, Chen Ping’s heart was incomparably excited!
Maybe this time, he could have some kind of strange encounter in the Divine Demon Battlefield!
“Mr Chen, the Heavenly Demon Mountain is in the Southern Domain, hundreds of thousands of miles apart, it’s too far away, and the journey will also cross the Middle Domain Continent, so it’s sure to be dangerous.”
Yi He looked at Chen Ping’s expression and knew that Chen Ping must be thinking of going to the Heavenly Demon Mountain again!
“It doesn’t matter if it’s a long way, we have a dirigible ah, I was planning to go to the Heavenly Demon Mountain to take a turn anyway.”
Chen Ping said!
“Master, are you really planning to go to the Heavenly Demon Mountain?” Fire Phoenix asked!
“Of course, if you hadn’t brought this news, perhaps I would have to go to the Heavenly Demon Mountain some time later, but now, I’m a little impatient and want to set off right away!”
Chen Ping said with a face of excitement, rubbing his fists together!
“Mr Chen, even if there are airships, I’m afraid it would be difficult to reach the Heavenly Demon Mountain from here without half a month.”
Yi He said!
“The road is nothing, you can do a teleportation array, such a long distance is also suitable for a teleportation array, but it’s just a matter of spending more spirit coins.”
Fire Phoenix spoke!
“Making a teleportation array is a good way, now that there is nothing more going on in the Demon Emperor City and the Jade Cauldron Sect, there’s no time to lose, I’ll set off now.”
Chen Ping said and asked Nie Heng to call Gao Qilan as well as Yu Jiameng!
He was going to leave the Jade Cauldron Sect, but he couldn’t take the girls with him, after all, their strength was still too low and they needed to improve their strength as soon as possible!
It would be safest to have the few of them stay in the Jade Tripod Sect or the Demon Emperor City!
“Master, it’s fine if you don’t let the others follow, why don’t you let me follow too? I’m very familiar with the Celestial Realm, don’t you need a guide?”
Fire Phoenix pouted her lips and looked at Chen Ping pitifully and said!
Seeing Fire Phoenix’s appearance, Chen Ping thought that he did need a guide, although Ji Yun was also familiar with the Celestial Realm, he was only familiar with the Northern Region of this continent, if he left the Northern Region, it was expected that Ji Yun would not be familiar with it either!
“Alright, you will follow, the others stay well in the Jade Cauldron Sect to cultivate, when you are strong enough and powerful enough, we will be able to travel the world together with swords.”
Chen Ping nodded and said!