The Hong Kong businessman Zou Zhaolong, who was seated in the main seat, gave Chen Ping a glance, and then withdrew his gaze and said, “Gentlemen, we are all considered old friends, so I do not need to be polite, this time I have brought several magic weapons, one of which is personally polished and refined by Master Yuan, which can remove evil spirits and prolong life …… ”
Everyone’s eyes were attracted by those several wooden boxes, very eager to know what treasures are inside, in addition to the Chinese Hong Kong first magic master polished out the magic weapon, certainly can not be wrong!
Looking at the eager eyes of the crowd, Zou Zhaolong smiled slightly, “Let’s stick to the old rules, the highest bidder wins, if no one from your families bids, then I will take it to the outside auction, we are all old relations, so we still need to let you pick the good stuff first!”
“Boss Zou, we all know the rules, you’d better show the items first!”
Someone said impatiently.
Zou Zhaolong nodded and then opened the first wooden box, when the box was opened, a coolness came over the room, followed by the whole room feeling a hint of coolness, and everyone’s spirit was lifted!
If it wasn’t for the coolness when the wooden box was opened, no one would have compared such a bead to a magic weapon!
“Gentlemen, this is one of the Venerable Xuan Zang’s rosary beads, having been incensed all year round, this bead has the effect of cooling and avoiding the heat, waking up the brain and praying for good fortune, and this rosary bead has also been enchanted by Master Yuan to be able to gather feng shui, allowing your bosses’ business to flourish!”
Zou Zhaolong introduced it, with a bit of arrogance in his tone!
Seeing Zou Zhaolong say so, the crowd all turned to the master they had invited to ask for advice, wanting to know if this rosary was real or not.
“Master He, do you think this rosary is real?”
Bai Xiushan asked in a small voice.
The master He’s eyes were still half-closed and half-open, not even looking at the rosary beads, but only spoke indifferently: “In vain, it’s just a mortal object ……”
The first time I heard this, I frowned slightly: “Master He, the boss Zou said that this is Master Xuanzang’s rosary, and just opened the wooden box, the cool aura is very obvious ah!”
Bai Xiushan couldn’t believe it, how could this rosary be a mortal object!
“If you don’t believe me, I can go ……”
Master He said in a somewhat unpleasant tone!
“No, no, no, since I invited Master He to come, of course I believe any Master ……”
Bai Xiushan said apologetically in a hurry.
Chen Ping took a look at that Master He, he didn’t expect that this guy still had some skills and wasn’t someone who was fishing for fame!
This rosary is a mere mortal object, an ordinary wooden bead, only slightly tampered with, that’s why when the wooden box was opened, there was a burst of coolness!
The others conferred after the master they had hired, and soon there were no more voices, as if the result had been set!
“Gentlemen, you may now bid against the rosary, the highest bidder will win, the reserve price is three million, each increase cannot be less than one hundred thousand ……”
Zou Zhaolong saw that the crowd had finished discussing, so he said with a faint smile!
But when Zou Zhaolong finished, but not a single person bid, everyone looked at each other, no one bid, it seems to have known that the rosary is fake!
Seeing no one bidding, Zou Zhaolong was slightly stunned and looked a little surprised: “Gentlemen, this rosary is definitely worth every penny, if no one bids, I can take it outside to the auction house to be auctioned off ……”
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time, and they’ve been in the business for a long time.