“Island Master Ouyang, this fellow is at your disposal.”
Chen Ping handed Wang Qing Shi over to Ouyang Xing!
After all, this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect hadn’t killed many Medicine God Island’s disciples, and Ouyang Xing just happened to take it out on Wang Qing Shi!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, thank you so much, my Medicine God Island is now in this state, I really can’t repay you!”
Ouyang Xing said with some shame!
“Island Master Ouyang, you have gone out of your way to resist the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect on your own for the sake of all the pill masters in the Celestial Realm, what I have done is nothing.”
Chen Ping comforted Ouyang Xing, and then swept a glance above the sea and realised that the spirit boat of Su Tianshuo and the others had long since disappeared, and was startled, “Where are those people from Su Tianshuo?”
“Bad, let them run away, no one paid attention just now!”
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang hurriedly said anxiously!
“They can’t run far, let’s quickly chase after them!”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“Right, hurry up and chase ……” Zhou Qian also told to hurry up and chase!
“Island Master Ouyang, we’ll part ways here, we’ll gather in the coming year’s Pharmacist Conference!”
Chen Ping arched his hand towards Ouyang Xing!
“Then I’ll be waiting for Fellow Daoist Chen!”Ouyang Xing also arched his hand!
Just as Chen Ping and the others were about to leave, Wang Qingshi spoke up, “Chen Ping, you are able to tell me what exactly you drew on top of my giant sword at that time, which actually suppressed my blood-coloured runes.”
“If you tell me, I will rest in peace even if I die!”
“Alright, then I’ll tell you, what I was carving at that time was the Divine Rune ……”
Chen Ping slowly said!
“Divine Pattern?”Wang Qingshi was shocked, the whole person’s eyes were wide open, full of incredulity, and only after a long time did he murmur, “Divine Patterns, so it’s Divine Patterns, it seems that I didn’t lose unjustly at all ……”
Ouyang Xing and the others didn’t know what a divine pattern was, but looking at Wang Qingshi’s appearance, that divine pattern must be very powerful!
Chen Ping and the others piloted their spirit boats to chase after Su Tianshuo and the others, while Ouyang Xing escorted Wang Qingshi and returned to Pill God Island with the remaining Pill God Island disciples!
“President Su, they’re catching up, we need to speed up, this escaping to the Western Continent Continent, these guys probably won’t be able to spare us.”
Bao Longxing looked at Chen Ping who was about to catch up with them in his spirit boat and trembled in fear!
Su Tianshuo of course also knew that even if they reached the Western Continent Continent, Chen Wenliang and Chen Ping and the rest of them would never let them go!
The best thing to do right now was to eliminate Chen Ping and the others above the vast ocean!
Only for those of them, there was no way they could be Chen Ping’s opponents!
Even the Heaven Cutting Dharma Sect had been destroyed, and Wang Qingshi had been captured, so how could they possibly be a match!
“Alright, stop it, I know, you’re yakking in my ear, annoying or not ……”
Su Tianshuo glared at Bao Longxing!
He knew everything, but what could be done?
“President Su, if we don’t go to the Western Continent now, there might still be a way to exterminate those people behind us.”
At this moment, an old man in white walked up to Su Tianshuo and Pao Longxing!
Su Tianshuo and Pao Longxing both looked at the old man pharmacist, all of them frowning slightly!
Because none of them recognised this person!
This time, although they were dominated by the Western Region Apothecary Association, the Pao Family, and the Diao Family, there were other apothecaries who joined them!
It was only that these pill masters were relatively weak, so they didn’t have much say!
Such an old man pharmacist, a casual cultivator, also joined Su Tianshuo and the others, wanting to reap some benefits, but did not expect to become this result!
“You are?”Su Tianshuo frowned slightly!
“President Su, my name is Feng Xing, I am from the Feng Family of the Central Domain, and only because I have loved refining pills since I was young, I learnt to be a pharmacist.”
“All this time, I’ve often mingled in this great sea in the Western Region, so I’m more familiar with this sea.”
Feng Xing said!