Xiong Gao who saw this scene had a shocked look in his eyes, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to actually kill that Qiu Tint, knowing that that was the son of the Qiu Mansion!
Qiu Mansion, one of the three great beast generals, Qiu Wanha’s residence, and that Qiu Wanha was a Mahayana realm eighth grade cultivator, and there were no less than a hundred Mahayana realm cultivators under his command!
Chen Ping dared to kill Qiu Tintu directly like this, is he really not afraid of Qiu Wanha’s retaliation?
When Xiong Ying saw Chen Ping kill Qiu Tu without hesitation, she was also deeply shocked!
However, her feeling towards Chen Ping was more of admiration, from the beginning when she saw Chen Ping, she felt very mediocre, to her current admiration for Chen Ping!
Every time her opinion of Chen Ping changed, it was because of Chen Ping’s own strength!
Xiong Ying in beautiful, but also just a small cultivator of the Transition Realm, beautiful skin, without real strength, in the Celestial Realm is very difficult to eat!
This beautiful appearance might even bring unnecessary trouble!
Just think about this time, even Xiong Cuo’s two best friends had directly pitted Xiong Cuo for the sake of Xiong Ying’s appearance, and then wanted to occupy Xiong Ying!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping even though he appeared, right now Xiong Ying was afraid that she would have been defiled long ago!
Xiong Ying’s eyes as she looked at Chen Ping were constantly changing, and her heart was surprisingly how much she wished that Chen Ping would take her in at the moment!
In that case, she would be able to rely on Chen Ping and have a safe arm!
The same with the heart struggle of the youngest sister, their brother died, from the youngest sister will have no relatives!
In this Beast City life, the youngest girl, a girl, no one to rely on words, and finally will only be reduced to other male cultivators of playthings only!
She also wants to follow Chen Ping, also want to let Chen Ping to protect themselves!
However, the youngest sister has a self-awareness, whether it is strength, or face value, she followed Xiong Ying can not be compared!
Even following the Sword Spirit Zhong Li can not compare, although the youngest sister posture is also considered medium, but in front of Chen Ping this beauty as a cloud of guys, the youngest sister this posture is not enough to see!
“Let’s go, I’ll take you into the city, temporarily find a safe place, this immortal spirit stone vein is not too safe, there should already be other people know!”
Chen Ping said to the three of them!
Since that Qian Yue told to Qiu Tu, Qiu Tu also brought the Qiu family to come, then the location of this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, must also be known by other people in the Qiu family!
It wouldn’t be safe if Xiong Gao and the others were allowed to stay here!
“Mr. Chen, you just killed that Qiu Tint, so if you waltz back to Beast City, will you be retaliated against by the Qiu Mansion?”
“Otherwise, I’ll take you somewhere else to hide, I know a very hidden place!”
Xiong Gao said to Chen Ping!
“No need, the Qiu Mansion wouldn’t dare to retaliate, if the Qiu Mansion retaliated, then I would destroy the Qiu Mansion together!”
Chen Ping said casually!
A Mahayana realm first grade cultivator, even opened his mouth to exterminate the mansion of a Mahayana realm eighth grade cultivator, if this was to be said from someone else’s mouth, it would probably be laughed out of the room!
This was not bragging, but at this moment, from Chen Ping’s mouth, Xiong Gao and the others were completely convinced!
Because the strength Chen Ping had shown was just too shocking, so shocking that they couldn’t see what Chen Ping’s true strength really was!
A few people quickly rushed towards Beast City, because Chen Ping had a token from the Xing Mansion, he smoothly entered the city gates and was not under inspection!
Chen Ping directly brought Xiong Gao and the others into the Xing Mansion, looking at the mansion in front of them, Xiong Gao and the three of them were a little confused!
This was the mansion of one of the three great beast generals, Xing Daorong, and although they had not been inside, they had all seen it before!
After all, in this part of Beast City, apart from the City Lord’s Mansion in the very center, it was the mansions of these three great beast generals that were the most huge and luxurious!