As soon as Chen Ping heard this, it dawned on him that a secret realm was another space that had been opened up, and although it was in one place, it was not within a space, so there was no conflict.
“Miss Zhou, I wonder which of the eight secret realms your Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm belongs to?”
Chen Ping knew that the Ge Family was in the Fire Sect Secret Realm, while the Purple Sky Mansion was in the Thunder Sect Secret Realm, he just didn’t know which secret realm this Demonic Spirit Sect was in.
When Zhou Jie heard this, surprise instantly flashed across her face and she looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
“I didn’t expect you to know about the eight secret realms?”
“You have to know that these things can be confidential, even for the top echelons of the martial dao world, not many of them know about them.”
“You actually know all this, it seems I still underestimated you!”
Zhou Jie was amazed that Chen Ping knew about the secret realm, and knew it in such detail.
Chen Ping smiled awkwardly, “I know some people from the Secret Realm family, and I’ve been lucky enough to visit the Secret Realm just twice ……”
At this moment, the look in Zhou Jie’s eyes when she looked at Chen Ping clearly had a considerable change.
“Our Demon Spirit Sect is not in those eight secret realms, those eight secret realms were heard to be created by an immortal using the eight trigrams in his hands during the God-Devil War and the catastrophe of heaven and earth, in order to give immortal cultivators a place to stay.”
“Our secret realm, on the other hand, was created by our respective clans and is much worse than those eight secret realms in terms of both size and ability to withstand.”
“Our secret realm is the real secret space, while those eight secret realms can be called a side of heaven and earth, there is no comparison ……”
Zhou Jie followed Chen Ping and explained.
Only then did Chen Ping understand that there were not only eight mysterious realms in this space, but there were also many small mysterious realms!
And in these small secret realms, only one clan or family existed ……
“Oh, so that’s how it is ……”
Chen Ping nodded with a slight understanding.
The plane flew smoothly for more than three hours before it landed at Nanhu!
It was also very unexpected that there was an airport in such a small town.
After getting off the plane, that Zheng Kai looked at Hu Ma Zi viciously, but Hu Ma Zi didn’t pay any attention to him!
A group of people walked out of the airport, while that Zheng Kai kept following behind!
“D*mn, this guy looks like he won’t turn back until he hits the south wall. ……”
Hu Pazi saw Zheng Kai keep following and said with a face of anger.
“Alright, leave him alone, let him follow ……”
Chen Ping was afraid that Hu Pazi followed that Zheng Kai to start a conflict so he said.
“Let’s go, I’ll take you to eat something delicious, the most famous snack here is mutton bubble bun ……”
Zhou Jie said, taking Chen Ping and Hu Pazi towards a street not far from the airport!
This is a street of snacks, with all kinds of food!
In fact, for Chen Ping and Hu Pazi, even if they didn’t eat for three days and nights, they couldn’t possibly be hungry, but when they saw all these delicacies in front of them, their stomachs rumbled.
The three of them sat down in front of a snack shop, and then started eating!
And that Zheng Kai was hauntingly watching them from not far away!
Only no one bothered with Zheng Kai, he could follow and watch if he wanted to!
After eating, Zhou Jie called for a car, then took Chen Ping and followed Hu Ma Zi, heading towards the east of the city!
This time Zhou Jie learned to be smart and never sat next to Pocky Hu, but directly sat in the pa*senger seat!
On the way, she had been eaten by Pocky Hu, so she was furious!
Just as their car was heading towards the east of the city and they were about to leave the city, suddenly a dozen luxury cars behind them gave a loud roar and caught up with them!
When the driver saw this, his face turned pale with fear, and his hands were trembling slightly as he gripped the steering wheel!
It was obvious that those cars behind them were coming after them!
As they were about to drive out of town, a Porsche instantly crossed in front of the taxi, scaring the driver into slamming on the brakes!