Rustle Rustle Rustle ……
As he spoke, there was a sudden rustling sound, followed by a sand scorpion that was several metres long coming at speed!
The sand scorpion’s tail was raised high, and the poisonous needles on it emitted a chilling light!
When Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu saw this, they scrambled into a stance, especially Zhu Qingxiu, who had her longsword in her hand and was ready to stab out with it!
But when she swung her sword, she remembered that she didn’t have any spiritual energy left, so it was impossible to kill the Sand Scorpion in front of her!
At this moment, both of them panicked a little, their faces were very ugly!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was frowning slightly, his fists clenched tightly as he prepared to use his Holy Light Fist to deliver a blow to this Sand Scorpion!
As for that Lin Ke Ting and that Right Blind Elder, they didn’t seem to be scared at all when facing the Sand Scorpion that was coming rapidly!
Just when that Sand Scorpion reached their eyes, that Right Blind Elder suddenly drew his sword and then swung it with all his might!
Brush!
With a single stroke of the sword, that Sand Scorpion was instantly chopped into two halves, and even the ground was left with a deep gully from the sword Qi!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping and the rest of them were stunned!
“Why can he use the spiritual energy within his body?”
Chen Ping looked towards that Right Blind Elder and asked in great confusion!
“He is a sword cultivator, and what he just used wasn’t spiritual energy, but sword intent!”
“This little girl is from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, she should also be a sword cultivator and possess sword intent as well, right?”
Lin Keting said as she looked towards Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu’s face became very embarrassed and she lowered her head slightly!
She was indeed a disciple of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, and she was indeed a sword cultivator, but she did not have sword intent, because sword intent took something that only a few of the higher-ups of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect had cultivated!
“Sword intent?”Chen Ping pondered in a low voice!
Seeing Chen Ping with that look, Lin Keting smiled and said, “In order to make up for my men’s recklessness towards you, I have told you some of the prohibitions of this Divine and Demonic Battlefield, whether or not you can survive or find the treasures in the back, it is up to your own destiny.”
Lin Keting finished speaking and turned to leave with the Right Blind Elder!
Chen Ping did not speak, his eyes seemed to be fixed, he had been thinking about the two words Sword Intent!
Rustle Rustle Rustle …………
Suddenly, another rustling sound came back to the barren land, but this time, the sound was clearly more noisy!
Dozens of Sand Scorpions were soon seen charging over at a rapid pace!
Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu, who saw this scene, were almost stunned!
Even Lin Keting and Right Blind Elder, who had turned their heads and were preparing to leave, both instantly changed colour, the relaxed demeanour they had just had long disappeared and became grave!
The Right Blind Elder’s right hand gripped his longsword and even involuntarily shook a little!
That Lin Ke Ting also pinched up a jade pendant, as if this was something to save her life!
With so many Sand Scorpions, for the crowd that had lost their spiritual power, there was no way to deal with them!
Seeing that dozens of sand scorpions had reached their eyes, and a single poisonous needle was about to poke down, Chen Ping suddenly moved!
“Sword Intent …………”
Chen Ping spat out two words from his mouth, followed by a smooth chop from the Zhan Long Sword in his hand!
Countless sword lights shot out from the Zhan Long Sword, and these sword lights instantly penetrated the bodies of those Sand Scorpions!
Those Sand Scorpions that were originally going to attack all fell down one after another!
After penetrating the bodies of the sand scorpions, the countless sword lights even travelled towards the distance, and finally exploded into a burst of explosions in the distance!
Everyone looked at Chen Ping in disbelief.
Even Lin Keting, who was preparing to leave, stared with wide eyes filled with shock!
That Right Blind Elder’s mouth was roundly open, and his expression was also incomparably shocked!
“You …… you this is also sword intent?”
The right blind elder opened his mouth in shock!
“It should be, I just casually chopped it ……”
Chen Ping was also a little bewildered, he actually did not dare to be sure that what he had just unleashed was not sword intent, after all, he did not understand sword intent either!