After the crowd went from the cruise ship to Locked Dragon Island, Gu Ling’er took Gu Wentian and the others and followed the many swimmers away!
“Brother Chen Ping, aren’t those friends of yours coming with us?”
Seeing that Gu Ling’er and Gu Wentian and the others had actually left, Ning Zhi was a little surprised and asked.
“No, having them around is too cumbersome ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly!
Ning Zhi also understood the meaning of Chen Ping’s words and smiled, “Let’s go then ……”
Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan were in the front, Chen Ping was in the back, and the three of them headed towards the depths of Locked Dragon Island!
Gu Kaiyuan pulled out a compa*s from his body and started chanting something with his mouth!
The compa*s in Gu Kaiyuan’s hand suddenly rose into the air and emitted a faint red glow!
After spinning in place a few times, the compa*s began to fly in a southeastern direction.
“Follow it quickly ……”
Gu Kaiyuan said, and instantly began to run at a brisk pace!
Ning Zhi and Chen Ping followed close behind!
It was only after running for over half an hour that the compa*s stopped and reverted back to Gu Kaiyuan’s hand!
“This is it!”
Gu Kaiyuan said as he looked around.
“What exactly are you looking for?”
Chen Ping asked in a somewhat strange manner.
Ning Zhi’s eyes narrowed as he said, “We are looking for the whereabouts of the Inferno Dragon, after you swallowed the Ice Dragon Dragon Crystal, the island changed heaven and earth, and the Inferno Dragon disappeared along with it, now we have to find the Inferno Dragon and take out the Inferno Dragon Crystal!”
“Then you called me here, you don’t want me to help you deal with the Inferno Dragon, do you? Your Ning Family’s experts are all stronger than me.”
Chen Ping was surprised.
According to him, the Ning Family had many experts, even if they wanted to deal with Yan Long, there was no need to call Chen Ping to come, the hunchbacked old man who had been following behind Ning Zhi was at the peak of Martial Sect strength, and was even stronger than Chen Ping, so Chen Ping knew that Ning Zhi must not have called himself to deal with Yan Long.
“Of course not, to deal with the Yan Long, there is no need for you, but only the blood on your body can draw out the Yan Long who is hiding ……”
A flash of killing intent flashed in Ning Zhi’s eyes!
This time, Chen Ping could understand why Ning Zhi had called himself to come to Dragon Lock Island, it turned out that he was just asking himself to be the bait to lure out the Inferno Dragon!
“Do you think that with just the two of you, you can stop me?”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body began to climb!
“Hahahaha, whether or not you can be stopped is not up to you!” Ning Zhi laughed loudly before looking at Gu Kaiyuan and saying, “Make your move!”
Gu Kaiyuan nodded, followed by his mouth opening slightly as he seemed to be chanting something.
Chen Ping looked at that Gu Kaiyuan in amazement, wondering what this guy was up to!
However, at that moment, Gu Ling’er, who was tens of miles away from them, suddenly let out a scream, her headache splitting and she fell to the ground and pa*sed out!
Gu Kaiyuan chanted the incantation for ten minutes, and found that Chen Ping was standing motionless and did not react, which made Gu Kaiyuan a little confused.
“Are you planning to nag me to death with your mouth?”
Chen Ping asked as he teasingly looked at Gu Kaiyuan.
“What’s going on?” Ning Zhi frowned and asked at Gu Kaiyuan.
It was clear that when Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er had been drinking, Gu Kaiyuan had secretly done something, but now it turned out that nothing had happened to Chen Ping at all.
“I don’t know either, I’ve obviously poisoned them ……”
Gu Kaiyuan was also confused, not understanding why Chen Ping hadn’t reacted!
Once he heard that Gu Kaiyuan had actually poisoned himself, Chen Ping’s face instantly turned cold: “Who else did you poison?”
Chen Ping had the Heart Condensation Skill to protect his body, so any poison would be useless to him, but others were different, if Gu Ling’er and the others were all poisoned as well, then it would be dangerous now.
“And that little beauty beside you, that red wine that you drank has been moved by me, maybe now your little beauty has been poisoned ……”
“So, if you can behave and listen to us now, I will give you the antidote afterwards, when the time comes …………”