Now that Chen Ping was wrapped in black waves, he could not be seen at all and did not know whether he was alive or dead, which made them very anxious!
“Mr Chen, you must hold on!”
Ochre Yan prayed!
However, right at this moment, a bit of light tenaciously burrowed out of the darkness.
At first the glow was like a faint starlight in the night sky, but as Chen Ping’s inner strength continued to surge, it became brighter and brighter, more and more dazzling, and eventually, like the first rays of sunlight before the break of dawn, it pierced through the thick darkness and illuminated the entire sky.
Immediately after that, Chen Ping’s figure appeared, and at that moment, three different coloured Supreme Fires surrounded Chen Ping’s body, they were the fiery red, the mysterious blue and the pure white.
Under Chen Ping’s control, these three Supreme Fires roared like three giant dragons as they rushed towards the black-robed youth’s black wave.
The three fire dragons tossed and tore through the black wave, each attack was like a thunderbolt that shattered the black wave into pieces.
Under the fierce attack of the fire dragons, the black wave gradually lost its original power and began to collapse into a piece of broken black mist.
The black-robed youth’s face changed drastically when he saw this, he obviously did not expect Chen Ping to be able to crack his second move so easily.
“To come and not to go is not a gift ……”
Chen Ping waved his big hand, and the three-headed fire dragon instantly headed towards the black-robed youth!
The black-robed youth’s complexion gaped as he took a deep breath and gathered all the remaining black mist in front of his body, forming a sturdy barrier that resisted the fire dragons’ attacks.
However, the power of the fire dragon was simply too strong, and even though the black-robed youth used all his strength, it was still difficult to resist the fierce attack.
Only the fire dragon was seen crashing into the black mist barrier over and over again, each impact causing the barrier to tremble violently, as if it might collapse at any moment.
The black-robed youth clenched his teeth and tried his best to maintain the stability of the barrier.
But as time passed, he gradually felt overwhelmed, the power of that fire dragon seemed to be endless, each attack was more violent than the previous one.
In the end, in a deafening roar, the black mist barrier finally couldn’t withstand the fire dragon’s attack and shattered open.
The fire dragon took the opportunity to break through the barrier’s restraints and charged straight at the black-robed youth.
The black-robed youth was shocked at the sight, he hurriedly retreated backwards, but it was already too late, the fire dragon opened its huge mouth and spewed out blazing flames, enveloping the black-robed youth in a sea of fire.
“Ah ……”
The black-robed youth screamed miserably as a white mist suddenly appeared around his body!
This white mist covered the flames and directly extinguished the flames on his body!
Looking at the white mist that suddenly erupted within the black-robed youth’s body, Chen Ping looked a little surprised!
He did not expect that this demonic cultivator youth, actually knew the art of cold ice as well, which made Chen Ping very surprised!
The flames were extinguished, but the black-robed youth’s clothes had long been torn and tattered, and his body was also being burnt and radiating pain!
The black-robed youth stared at Chen Ping in death, this time he could feel that Chen Ping’s strength was surprisingly not the least bit weaker than him, the ninth grade of the Transition Realm Great Cultivator!
Now he finally understood why the Demon Sealing Alliance had used a hundred years of offerings to hunt Chen Ping down!
This was simply a pervert, the fourth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm was just a fourth rank, yet he was able to burst out with a strength that was no weaker than the ninth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm!
This kind of perverted cultivator was feared to be the only one in the entire Celestial Realm!
Looking at Chen Ping in front of him, the black-robed youth began to beat a retreat!
The arrogance and disdain he had at the beginning had long disappeared at this moment!
He knew that if Chen Ping could not be killed in the fight, he might have to hang himself here!
“Chen Ping, I admit that you are very strong, it is me who has belittled you, and there is no need to be making the third move.”
“For today’s matter, let’s pretend that I have not been here and have not seen you.”
After saying that, the black-robed youth turned around and left!