Outside the Gu family manor, Luo Xiang arrived with his men.
Looking at the manor that had become ruins and was being rebuilt, Luo Xiang’s face turned ugly!
Just as Luo Xiang led his men and was about to enter, he was stopped by two guards.
“Stand still, who are you people? This place is under construction right now, you are not allowed to enter casually ……”
One of the guards stopped Luo Xiang and said.
Luo Xiang coldly swept a glance at the two guards, then formed his hands into claws and directly grabbed the two guards’ heads.
The two guards didn’t even have time to scream, they died directly on the spot, their heads exploded.
Luo Xiang didn’t even look at the two guards who had been killed and barged straight in.
At this moment, Uncle Zhong walked over with his men.
With Gu Kaiyuan dead, Uncle Zhong had already pledged his allegiance to Ning Zhi and had become one of the Ning Family’s lackeys.
However, when Uncle Zhong saw Luo Xiang, he immediately froze, followed by a very ugly face.
When Luo Xiang saw Uncle Zhong, he faintly froze and said, “Uncle Zhong, where is your master Gu Kaiyuan?”
“Luo …… Duke Luo, how come you have time to come to Xichuan?”
Uncle Zhong asked with a flustered expression.
“Don’t give me a D*mn interruption, I asked you where is Gu Kaiyuan?”
Luo Xiang said with a cold face.
Uncle Zhong shuddered and looked at the two guards who had died tragically on the ground and hastily replied, “Sir Luo, our family head has been killed and this manor has changed hands.”
“Killed by someone?” Luo Xiang frowned, “What kind of person killed him?”
“Chen Ping!”
Uncle Zhong did not dare to conceal it, so he said truthfully.
Hearing the word Chen Ping, Luo Xiang just froze.
He had just heard this name today, but he did not want to hear it again now.
“So, Gu Kaiyuan is dead and you have become someone else’s dog?”
Luo Xiang’s eyes narrowed slightly, “I’d like to meet this guy today, he dares to run here and grab the territory ……”
Uncle Zhong wanted to say something else, but he was pushed aside by Luo Xiang and led his men straight in.
“What kind of person, but dares to barge in without permission?”
At this time, several Martial Sects from the Ning Family were guarding under the Demon Suppression Tower, and when they saw someone barging in, they immediately flashed their weapons.
When Luo Xiang saw this, he could not help but sigh, “I didn’t expect this guy to have some strength, and his lackeys are all at the Martial Sect realm.”
“How dare you, dare to be rude to us ……”
Several Martial Zongs were enraged when they heard Luo Xiang compare them to lapdogs, and they charged up wielding their weapons.
With a wave of Luo Xiang’s double palms, an overbearing and incomparable force formed a wave of Qi, directly blowing several Martial Sect experts to the ground.
Just as Luo Xiang was about to make his move, a figure suddenly rushed out from within the Demon Tower.
Immediately afterwards, several air-breaking sounds sounded out, and a naked-eye visible strong qi directly enveloped towards Luo Xiang.
“Humph, a mere peak Martial Sect, how dare you be arrogant in front of me ……”
Luo Xiang coldly snorted, followed by slapping out a few powerful qi, instantly dissolving the attack.
“Young master …………”
Seeing that Ning Zhi had come out of the Demon Subduing Tower, several Ning Family experts hurriedly shouted.
Luo Xiang sized up Ning Zhi, and then coldly asked, “Are you Chen Ping?”
Luo Xiang had not met Chen Ping, nor had he seen Chen Ping’s videos on martial arts forums, so he did not recognise him and mistook Ning Zhi for Chen Ping.
Ning Zhi was stunned and before he could open his mouth to explain, Uncle Zhong hurriedly stepped forward, “Sir Luo, you have misunderstood, this is the Young Master of the Ning Family in Kyoto, this Gu Family Manor is being rebuilt, also by Young Master Ning’s order!”
“The Ning Family of Kyoto?” When Luo Xiang heard this, his face instantly changed!
He did not know Ning Zhi, but he had heard of the Kyoto Ning Family, being in Kyoto, but not joining the Martial Alliance in Kyoto, it was evident that the Ning Family was not small in Kyoto.
“Who is he?”
Ning Zhi asked, looking to Uncle Zhong.
“Young Master Ning, this is Luo Xiang of the Luo Family of the Desert North, Duke Luo ……”
Uncle Zhong introduced him.
“Luo Xiang? That existence ranked fifth on the Prosperity Ranking?”
Ning Zhi sized up Luo Xiang, “No wonder he’s quite strong and has quite a lot of fire!”