At that time, when Chen Ping saved him, Elder Miao was not unconscious, so he knew that it was Chen Ping who saved him!
“Elder Miao is polite, I am just raising my hand.” Chen Ping smiled lightly, then asked “Elder Miao, I don’t know how you are at this moment, grateful for your body?”
“Feeling quite good physically ……” Miao Lao did not understand what Chen Ping meant!
“Old Miao, some time ago, did you fight with someone and get injured?” Chen Ping asked!
Elder Miao froze, his eyes filled with doubt as he looked at Chen Ping, but did not speak!
It was Miao Miao who was dissatisfied, “What are you talking about? How is it possible for my grandfather to be injured by someone, and he didn’t fight with anyone some time ago, don’t take your word for it.”
Chen Ping ignored that Miao Miao and instead stared dead on at Miao Lao, seemingly waiting for his reply!
It was only after a moment that Miao Lao spoke “How did you know?”
“There is a Yin Fury Qi in your body, which was obviously left in your body from being injured by the demons when you followed them to fight.”
“It’s just that you have been relying on the breath in your body to suppress this Yin Fury Qi, so no one can gap out, in fact, I didn’t notice it either.”
“But when you don’t those five-coloured birds injured shock injury, the body of this Yin Fury gas can’t suppress the outbreak, so you will pass out, if simple shock injury, will not be so serious.”
“Now you have taken the pill, although you feel no problem, but the body of the Yin Fury gas has not been eliminated, not one hour, your body must be meridians collapse, the gods are also difficult to save.”
Chen Ping said with a calm face!
Chen Ping’s words instantly made everyone freeze on the spot!
None of them had ever heard that Elder Miao had fought after the people of the Demon Race, much less had they heard that Elder Miao had even been injured by the people of the Demon Race.
One must know that Elder Miao had always lived in deep seclusion, but everyone knew about his strength and no one dared to question it!
Now Chen Ping even said in public that Old Miao could not defeat the Demon Race and was injured by the Demon Race, this was something that made Old Miao lose face!
“You really can’t spit ivory out of a dog’s mouth, you’re the one who’s meridians are shattered, and it’s hard for the gods to save you, my grandfather is fine now.”
Miao Miao was very angry and yelled at Chen Ping!
That Cai Hongwei also had a displeased look on his face “Chen Ping, what are you talking about? Cursing Elder Miao? It’s too much ……”
Knowing that in their team, Elder Miao was the strongest, the backbone of this pair was Elder Miao, and if they were in danger, they all had to count on Elder Miao to relieve them!
But now that Chen Ping was saying this, wasn’t this tantamount to digging into the backbone of this team?
“Little brother, I admit that you have some skills, otherwise you wouldn’t have dared to step out of the blimp and face that flock of birds, but you shouldn’t be overly confident, I don’t have any injuries on my body, and I haven’t fought after the Demon Race, and it’s even more unlikely that I would be injured by the Demon Race’s people.”
Elder Miao’s face was also a little displeased, after all, Chen Ping’s public revelation made him a little embarrassed, this would lower his prestige in the eyes of the crowd!
“Elder Miao, I …………”
Chen Ping still wanted to persuade, but that Miao Lao turned around and walked away!
Miao Miao waved her hand, a pure black short sword in her hand, the blade pointing straight at Chen Ping, “Kid, shut your mouth, if you dare to curse my grandpa, I’ll take your life!”
Chen Ping saw the situation, a bitter smile also no longer say anything, if not to see that the Miao old man is quite amiable, Chen Ping does not want to meddle in the matter!
Now that Miao Lao obviously did not want to reveal his own injury, then Chen Ping also stopped saying anything!
However, the flying boat was now surrounded by flocks of five-coloured birds, there was no way to move forward, if there was no way to eliminate these five-coloured birds or draw them away, then they would have to be trapped here all the time!