When Ji Yun heard this, he hurriedly took out his voice transmission jade slip and followed Chen Ping in detail!
Chen Ping was also worried, if he ran to the Western Region, he was going to be exhausted, and now when he heard that there was a teleportation array, it would be much more convenient!
After following Chen Ping through the conversation, Ji Yun was ready to turn around and leave, after all, this was Granny Yan’s room, Ji Yun couldn’t stay long!
But just as Ji Yun walked out the door, he was startled!
“What are you?”
Only to see that in mid-air outside the room, a person was levitating there, his head full of white hair flowing with the wind!
Seeing someone all of a sudden, Ji Yun was also ready to strike at any time!
Hearing Ji Yun’s voice, Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix also rushed out and looked up into the mid-air, and when they saw the white-haired old man in mid-air, they also instantly raised their guard!
“Who exactly are you? Why did you trespass here without permission?”
Bai Shao questioned in a stern voice!
But that white-haired old man didn’t say a word, just staring blankly at the house!
“It’s really strange, this is the Zhen family, supposedly the Zhen family is also one of the four great families in this Yongle City, how come they let people barge in without any movement at all?”
Fire Phoenix said very strangely.
“Yeah, how come I didn’t see anyone from the Zhen family blocking it? It’s really strange ……”
Bai Shao also felt very strange!
And at this moment, the white-haired old man slowly fell down from mid-air, his eyes constantly looking towards the room!
Bam!
Suddenly, Granny Zhen was inside the room and actually directly closed the door!
It startled Bai Shao and also Fire Phoenix and the girls, directly shutting a few people out of the door!
“Zhen Ni, I know you’re back, please meet me, I’ve been waiting for you for decades and have never left Yongle City.”
The white-haired old man suddenly spoke!
This sentence, Zhen Ni, confused Bai Shao and the Fire Phoenix girls!
“Bai Shallow, who is Zhen Ni?”Fire Phoenix asked!
“I don’t know either?”Bai Shao shook her head!
“What’s Granny Zhen’s name, it can’t be that she’s just called Zhen Ni, right?”
Ji Yun whispered!
“I don’t know Granny Zhen’s name, I’ve always called her Granny Zhen.”
“It can’t be that Granny Zhen’s name is really Zhen Ni, right? It sounds like such a nice name.”
Bai Shao didn’t know Granny Zhen’s name either!
But at this moment, Granny Zhen’s voice rang out in the room, “Zhong Wuxi, get out of here, you heartless bast*rd ……”
Listening to Granny Zhen’s voice was very angry.
The three of them, Bai Shao, glanced at each other and were staggered, so Granny Zhen was really called Zhen Ni!
And this white haired old man was actually called Zhong Wuxing, what kind of name was that!
“Zhen Ni, I’m not called Zhong Emotionless anymore, I’m called Zhong Emotion, I’m only passionate about you, please see me.”
“I know, it was all my fault in the past, I just beg you to be able to forgive me, as long as you forgive me, I’ll do whatever you want me to do.”
Zhong Yi bitterly prayed!
“Get lost, get lost right now, I won’t believe you, if you don’t get lost, then I’ll leave Yongle City right away, so that you can never find me.”
Granny Zhen angrily yelled!
“Okay, okay, I’ll roll, I’ll roll ……”
Zhong Qi compromised, he was really afraid that Granny Zhen was leaving!
Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix were shocked as they looked at that Zhong Yi, at this moment, although they didn’t know what was happening, they also knew that Granny Zhen was definitely related to the old man in front of them!
“What kind of people are you guys from Zhen Ni?”Only at this moment did Zhong Chen look at Bai Shallow’s few people and asked!
“We are from the Central Domain, and because we were pursued by our enemies, we followed Granny Zhen and fled here.”
“In these decades, it’s always been Granny Zhen who took care of me.”
Bai Shao said!
“Oh, so that’s how it is.”Zhong Cheng nodded, then took out a white handkerchief with some words written on it in blood and handed it over to Bai Shallow, “Please give this to Zhen Ni, this handkerchief was also given to me by her back in the day, I want her to take a look at it ……”
After handing the handkerchief over to Bai Shallow, Zhong Yi disappeared without a trace with a long leap!