After walking for some more distance, the surrounding scenery surprisingly began to change, the originally barren earth was now green!
Mountains also began to appear on both sides, as if they had appeared out of nowhere!
A burst of freshness came over one’s face, instantly making one’s body and mind much more relaxed!
In the middle of the mountains, there was a deep canyon.
At this time, at the entrance of the canyon, there were already many people standing, and these people seemed to be looking at what was inside the valley, but no one approached.
When Chen Ping and the others approached, the crowd saw this and made way.
Now in this God and Demon Battlefield, they had all become ordinary people, so they had all become restrained, if they really clashed, they might be able to smash themselves to death with a stone.
These cultivators have been cultivating for years and years, if there is no spiritual power, the real physical strength, I am afraid that it is not as good as ordinary people.
After the crowd made way, Chen Ping and the others saw that in the middle of the valley, there were actually three stone statues, the statues were not big, only the size of an ordinary person .However, around the stone statues, there were several people lying, these people were motionless, not knowing whether they were alive or dead.
These three stone statues looked very ordinary, only that the faces of the stone statues were hideous, with different expressions, making people look at them in a creepy way.
“What’s going on here?”
Lin Keting asked as she looked to the crowd at the side.
It was an old man who said, “These three stone statues have oddities, after getting close to them, they will become distracted, visions will surface and eventually faint, just now I also fought to the death before retreating back.”
After hearing the words of the old man, Chen Ping and the others realised that the people around the stone statues had originally fainted!
“Do you see anything wrong coming?”
Lin Keting asked as she looked towards Chen Ping!
Since Chen Ping knew the art of formations, perhaps these three stone statues followed the boulders just now and possessed a Vertigo Formation or something like that.
But Chen Ping shook his head, “I don’t see it, but I am certain that there is no formation present around these three stone statues, I don’t know if there is something else.”
“But now everyone is an ordinary person, even if these three stone statues can make people faint, it is estimated that they are not very powerful ……”
This was Chen Ping’s analysis, exactly what it looked like, Chen Ping himself didn’t know, he still needed to have checked it out.
Right now there was no way to use divine sense to check it out, and the Heavenly Underworld Eyes couldn’t be used, the only way was to get closer to see what was going on.
Hearing Chen Ping say so, Lin Keting then walked towards the three stone statues.
“Miss Lin, be careful, or I will go ……”
Seeing that Lin Keting was going to approach those three stone statues, Chen Ping reminded.
“Don’t worry, you forgot that I have a secret body protection technique.”
Lin Keting waved her hand towards Chen Ping and then walked over.
Everyone looked at Lin Keting, while that Right Blind Elder took a step forward and blocked in front of Lin Keting, “Eldest Miss, you can’t go and take the risk, if anything goes wrong, there is simply no way for us to account for it.”
“I’ll go and try to see what exactly is so special about those three statues ……”
“Right Blind Elder, although you now have sword intent on your side, you are still an ordinary person, there is simply no way to resist against that kind of divine sense attack.”
“I have a secret body protection technique in my hand, I’ll be fine ……”
Lin Keting called out to that Right Blind Elder and walked on her feet!
Soon, Lin Keting arrived in front of those three statues, but just as she walked in front of them, Lin Keting suddenly felt a wave of dizziness, and the space in front of her eyes began to twist and distort!
Immediately after that, in Lin Keting’s mind, countless visions crossed over, impacting Lin Keting’s sea of consciousness!
Suddenly, Lin Keting felt a dark shadow block in front of her, and immediately after, she wrapped herself in her arms!
“Miss Lin, are you alright?”
Chen Ping’s voice rang out!