Anna gave Chen Ping a look of help, while Chen Ping rea*sured Anna!
As soon as Chen Ping entered, he could see the strength of this sorcerer!
Moreover, what that sorcerer had sprayed towards Duke Rose was a potion used to cast a soul-control technique.
In other words, the sorcerer intended to use soul-control techniques to control Duke Rose to obey his words!
Chen Ping had seen this kind of low-level sorcery a long time ago!
Back then, the mayor of Hongcheng City, Ling Zhenchuan, was controlled by two sorcerers and almost made a big mistake.
It was still Chen Ping who had come to his rescue.
Now this little soul-control technique was worthless in Chen Ping’s eyes, and he was watching the sorcerer’s performance in silence!
The sorcerer chanted the words under his breath and gently pointed his finger, and Duke Rose’s eyes, which had been tightly closed, snapped open!
Seeing Duke Rose awake, Anna instantly became excited and jumped headlong over to him.
“Father, father …………”
Anna called out to the Duke of Ross, but the Duke of Ross was mute, as if he hadn’t heard her!
At this moment, Anna panicked a little, then looked at Hal and said, “Brother, what the …… hell is going on here? Father how come he doesn’t recognize me?”
Hal did not say anything, but it was the wizard who spoke, “Princess Anna, Duke Rose’s soul has been away from his body for too long and has just returned, so he still needs to recuperate for a few days.”
Seeing the sorcerer say that, Anna believed it, after all, this sorcerer had two tricks up his sleeve and had really cured her father.
“Duke of Ross, you have been lying down for so long, it is time for you to get out of bed and walk around ……”
The sorcerer said to the Duke of Ross.
Sure enough, after hearing the wizard’s words, that Duke of Ross got up from his bed and then walked around on the floor, much to Anna’s delight!
“Sister, see, it was I who found a cure for father’s illness, so you will stay at home from now on and not be allowed to go anywhere.”
“And who is this Dasha man? Why did you bring a stranger to the house?”
Only at this time did Hal ask about Chen Ping’s identity!
Upon hearing this, Anna hurriedly explained, “This is my friend, his name is Chen Ping, and he has come to treat his father’s illness.”
When Hal heard this, he burst out laughing, “Haha, are you kidding? At his age, he’s worthy of treating his father?”
“Aren’t you afraid that he will get father killed?”
Hal’s words made Anna not know how to reply, after all, whether Chen Ping could see a doctor or not, Anna herself didn’t even know!
“Would I be better than this sorcerer even if I could see a sickness, just use a simple soul-control technique and wake someone up, even if it is a sickness?”
Chen Ping said coldly.
Hearing the three words soul-controlling techniques, the sorcerer and Hal all froze slightly!
They didn’t expect Chen Ping to know about witchcraft!
“What are you talking about? What soul-control techniques?”
The sorcerer denied it flatly.
“Now that Duke Rose is awake, he is just a walking corpse that can only do as you command, so don’t disgrace yourself with such inferior soul-control techniques.”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Chen Ping, what is this …… going on? Are you saying that my father is now under their control?”
Anna asked with a nervous look on her face.
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes, they are now controlling your father’s mind with the Soul Control Technique, your father is now a machine that does what it is told, that’s why he doesn’t recognize you.”
When Anna heard this, she looked at Hal in anger.
And Hal’s face went cold: “Boy, what are you talking nonsense about? Do you believe I’ll cut your tongue out right now?”
“Am I talking nonsense?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, followed by a gentle wave of his palm in front of Duke Rose’s face!
From within Duke Rose’s body, a black Qi instantly emerged and was directly sucked inside Chen Ping’s stomach!
And after that black gas emerged from his body, Duke Rose’s eyes instantly became brighter.