And Chen Ping had no choice but to slowly lower the Dragon Cutting Sword he had raised!
The Dragon Cutting Sword was put back, and Chen Ping was afraid that his sword qi would hurt Su Yuqi!
Seeing that Chen Ping had concerns in his heart, Ning Zhi smiled even more broadly.
“Arrest him ……”
With a wave of his hand, Ning Zhi said to the black bronze robes!
A dozen Black Bronze Robes struck out towards Chen Ping together, while Chen Ping’s body glowed with golden light and his face was frighteningly cold!
Above his two fists, golden dragons surrounded him, a golden light that caused the crowd’s pupils to contract!
The dozen or so black bronze robes also knew that fighting alone would definitely not be a match for Chen Ping, so these men united together and a sky-rushing force of energy came straight at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping let out a cry of rage and smashed his fist out, the golden dragon roared and the earth trembled!
With this fist, Chen Ping instantly smashed the powerful qi of the dozens of Black Bronze Robes that had joined together!
The many Black Bronze Robes could not help but be shocked!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, seized the opportunity of these people’s shock and let out an explosive shout, before swinging out his fist once more!
Holy Light Fist, this was the ancient Holy Fist!
Although Chen Ping had not learnt the highest essence, even if he had learnt some skin, it was still incredibly powerful.
A brilliant golden light shone over the entire Martial Alliance, and then it instantly blasted those black bronze robes with a devastating force!
The terrifying might caused panic to spread across the eyes of the many black bronze robes, they hadn’t expected that a single person would be able to explode with such might!
At this moment, even Ning Zhi furrowed his brow, he didn’t know if it was right or wrong to anger Chen Ping!
Boom!
This punch exploded among the crowd of Black Bronze Robes!
The many Black Bronze Robes were all sent flying straight away, and the one in the middle of the force, the Black Bronze Robe, took the biggest hit!
The entire man had become a puddle of flesh and mud, and the ground was covered in blood.
Ning Zhi looked at the black bronze robe that had turned into a puddle of mud on the ground, and his eyes were filled with disbelief!
Ning Zhi’s hand tightly gripped the vajra, at this moment only this Martial Saint weapon could bring him a sense of security!
Chen Ping coldly swept his gaze at the black bronze robes, and with that single glance, a chill rose in the hearts of those black bronze robes!
Chen Ping walked towards Ning Zhi step by step, while the black bronze robes did not make any more moves!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi hurriedly shouted, “Hurry up and kill him ……”
The many Black Bronze Robes looked at each other, then a ruthless look appeared in their eyes as they rushed towards Chen Ping!
They knew that even if they did not fight and would not die at Chen Ping’s hands, that great power would not let them go.
And the great power’s methods, they wouldn’t even dare to try them!
It would be worse than life and death ……
“Come on ……”
Chen Ping roared, endless killing intent bubbling up from within Chen Ping’s body!
A dozen black bronze robes, all suddenly sprouting bursts of black mist above their heads!
These black bronze robes all had a soul hidden inside them!
A spirit that had survived for an unknown number of years!
When these spirits appeared, they attached themselves to each of the black bronze robes, just as if they had put on a layer of armour!
At a glance, the dozen or so black bronze robes were all wrapped in black mist, just like ghosts!
Chen Ping’s body flashed with golden light, and without the slightest fear, he slammed out with a fierce punch!
A fierce wind swept through the scene as the dozen or so black bronze robes followed Chen Ping into battle!
The terrifying aura was constantly pounding against the entire Martial Alliance’s protective array!
Without the protection of the formation, a battle of this magnitude would have turned the entire Martial Dao Alliance into rubble!
Chen Ping’s fists swung, each punch almost carrying a dragon’s roar!
For a time, the dozen or so Black Bronze Robes, surprisingly, could not get close to Chen Ping!
One against a dozen, yet Chen Ping steadily had the upper hand!