“This may be the destiny, no one can change it, heaven’s destiny cannot be violated ……”
Zhou Jie actually doesn’t want it to come to that, because then what we’ll face is a living soul and endless killing!
“By the way, Miss Zhou your Demon Spirit Sect and the Demon Heart Sect behind the Martial Alliance are of the same lineage, why is it that their people can walk around this world at will but are not controlled?”
Chen Ping asked with some surprise.
Originally, Chen Ping had always thought that the laws of this heaven and earth were only transgressive to immortal cultivators, and not binding to demon cultivators.
But now it seemed that the Demon Spirit Sect was also clearly being constrained, so his thought was wrong.
“That Demon Heart Sect is also under the same constraint, otherwise you have provoked the Martial Dao Alliance so much, but why has that Demon Heart Sect never sent an expert to directly kill you?”
“The Martial Alliance is just the spokesperson of the Demon Heart Sect in the secular world, and those people are all spirit-possessed, and the laws of heaven and earth have no way of restraining spirits without their own bodies, so the Demon Heart Sect uses this loophole to make its own sect disciples commit suicide and then control the spirits to come to the secular world!”
“However, this method has a fatal drawback, that is, the strength of the spirit possessing the body will be greatly reduced, and not everyone can become a host, and the selection of hosts is also very harsh.”
“The Demon Heart Sect has also counted their blood money in order to lay out the entire secular world before the aura recovers, except that their practice of killing a thousand enemies and damaging eight hundred is too cruel ……”
Zhou Jie spoke to Chen Ping in detail, while Chen Ping was shocked, he did not expect that the Demon Heart Sect would do such a thing, making their own disciples commit suicide, just to create soul spirits.
But at this moment, Chen Ping suddenly remembered that in the Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm, when his soul went out of his body through that chaotic space, it was not blocked by that mysterious force, and it seemed that that force should be the power of the laws of heaven and earth.
But soon, Chen Ping seemed to find a problem, Zhou Jie’s status in the Demon Spirit Sect was not high, how could she know so many things?
According to reason, the revival of spiritual energy and the layout of the Demon Heart Sect were all considered confidential, how did Zhou Jie know about them?
“Miss Zhou, can I take the liberty to ask you, how did you know so much?”
Chen Ping asked with a puzzled look on his face.
Only when Chen Ping asked this did Zhou Jie realise that she seemed to have said a little too much.
With a status like hers, it was reasonable to say that she shouldn’t know so much.
But now that Chen Ping was getting suspicious, there was no way for Zhou Jie to cover anything up!
“Mr. Chen, I treat you as a friend, that’s why I unknowingly told you so much, I’m telling you, you must not tell the Patriarch, can you?”
Zhou Jie looked at Chen Ping with a prayerful face and said.
“Miss Zhou don’t worry, since you treat me as a friend, how could I possibly betray my friend ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Zhou Jie hesitated for a moment, then said with a grit of her teeth, “Since Mr. Chen is asking, then I will tell you, in fact, all that I know is what the Vice Patriarch told me.”
“Our Vice Patriarch seems to know a lot about the Demon Heart Sect, and has told me quite a lot of things.”
“You must not tell anyone, or else if the Patriarch finds out, he will definitely chastise the Vice Patriarch.”
“Don’t worry, Miss Zhou, I won’t say anything.” Chen Ping a*sured.
However, Chen Ping still had some confusion, why did that Song Qingping follow Zhou Jie and say this?
Even if the two were now boyfriend and girlfriend, there was no need to say this, right?
After all, under such circumstances, the more one knew the more dangerous it would be, and Song Qingping would not have told Zhou Jie these things if he was thinking of her.
“Miss Zhou, I still don’t understand something, that Vice Lord Song, why did he tell you all this?”
“After you know these secrets, it won’t do you any good, right?”
Chen Ping asked.