Tibetan Qing followed the guard to the door and saw Zhu Zhishan waiting by himself at the door.
Zao Qing took a look at Zhu Zhishan and then gave a wink towards the guard at the side.
The guard nodded and immediately thought about the far side.
It should be checking to see if there were any ambushes in the distance.
“There’s no need to check, it’s just me who came alone!”
Zhu Zhishan said with a faint smile.
“Lord Zhu, our Heaven Fiend Sect has all come to hide inside this cave, why do you still want to drive them all away?”
Hidden Qing asked warily.
Zhu Zhishan smiled, “Who said I was here to kill you? I just came to talk to you about something!”
“Talk about things?” Zang Qing had an incredulous look on his face, “The titular Kyoto Martial Alliance Alliance Master is following me to talk about things with the Heavenly Fury Sect?”
“We are evil cultivators, in the eyes of you people, we are an alien and are to be executed, how can we possibly talk to us about things?”
“I said, I came to talk about things, if I wanted to kill you all, why would I need to talk nonsense to you, even if I came on my own, who from your Heaven Fiend Sect could stop me?”
Zhu Zhishan said in a very arrogant manner.
But he had the capital to be arrogant, with his strength, there was indeed no one in the Heaven Fiend Sect who could defeat him.
Zang Qing was stunned, but thinking about it, he made a gesture of invitation, “Master Zhu, then let’s talk inside!”
Zhu Zhishan followed Zang Qing into the cave with great strides, and then arrived at a hall where Zang Qing invited Zhu Zhishan to sit down.
Zhu Zhishan took a glance at the hall, which was small in size, but well decorated.
“Master Zhu, what is the matter, speak now!”
Tibetan Qing asked as he turned to Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan looked at the guards around and smiled lightly, “Sect Master Zang, the matter I am talking about is confidential, so I don’t want others to know.”
As soon as Tibetan Qing heard this, his brows furrowed.
If everyone was kicked out, Zang Qing was really a bit timid to face Zhu Zhishan alone.
Zhu Zhishan could see what Zang Qing was thinking and sneered, “Sect Master Zang, if I kill you, even if these guards are here, they won’t be able to stop me ……”
“All of you stand down!”
After hearing this, Zang Qing directly waved his hand, causing all his men to retreat.
After everyone had retreated, Zang Qing looked at Zhu Zhishan: “Master Zhu, can we talk now?”
“I am here this time to find you to kill a person.”
Zhu Zhishan said.
“Kill someone?” Zao Qing froze for a moment, then laughed, “Don’t joke about it, Allied Master Zhu, if your Kyoto Martial Alliance wanted to kill someone, why would they need to find me?”
“I don’t think Master Zhu wants to use me to kill people, and in the end, arrest me to pave the way for your own career, right?”
Zao Qing was not stupid, there were people within the Kyoto Martial Alliance who were more powerful than him. If he wanted to kill someone, why would he need to find him?
What’s more, they were evil cultivators, so if Zhu Zhishan came to find himself to kill someone, wouldn’t he be afraid that other sects and families would know about it?
A martial arts alliance leader following an evil cultivator, this was huge news.
So Zang Qing thought that Zhu Zhishan was just trying to use him, and after he had killed someone, Zhu Zhishan was capturing himself so that he could establish his merits.
“Sect Master Zang, you misunderstood, it’s just this person, I’m not good at doing it myself, so I want to ask you to do it!”
Zhu Zhishan explained with a faint smile.
“You’re not good enough to do it, there are so many sects and families under your Martial Alliance, can’t you just find someone at random? And yet you just found me?”
“To say that there is no conspiracy here, who would believe it? Let’s not talk about this matter!”
Hidden Qing had a firm face, he was not going to kill for Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan’s face was slightly cold, then he looked at Zang Qing: “Sect Master Zang, is it rare that you are not thinking about it?”
“No need, even if you bloodbath my Heavenly Slaughter Sect today, I will not be used by you ……”
Zang Qing finished speaking and was already ready to answer the battle.