And at the same time, in a most luxurious villa complex on the outskirts of Xijing, this was Watanabe Fumio’s home!
“Dad, you said I was properly attending school, what do you want to call me back for?”
Watanabe Yumiko asked Watanabe Fumio in a very dissatisfied manner.
“You should not go to school in Daxia for the time being, and also don’t run around, stay well at home, wait until after this period ……”
Watanabe Fumio said with a gloomy face.
“On what grounds? You want to suffocate me by not letting me go to school and not letting me go out? I want to go out and play ……”
Yumiko Watanabe shouted in a very rebellious manner!
“Yumiko, your father is doing this for your own good, how can you talk to him like that?”
At that moment, Yumiko Watanabe’s mother, Yoshie Tanimoto, came out and reprimanded Yumiko!
Although Tanimoto Yoshie was over a hundred years old, she was very young and looked like a sister to Watanabe Yumiko!
And she and Fumio Watanabe had fallen in love freely, and after they married and had Yumiko, Yoshie Tanimoto had a serious illness and lost her fertility!
Although the family and Yoshie Tanimoto kept persuading Fumio Watanabe to find another wife to leave him a boy who could inherit the family line, Fumio Watanabe refused!
In a big family like the one on the island, a man like Watanabe Fumio who is infatuated is a rare thing!
“For my own good? For my own good, you’ll lock me up at home?”
“I don’t want to talk to you anymore!”
Yumiko said, turned her head and ran out.
Looking at her daughter’s back, Watanabe Fumio couldn’t help but sigh!
Seeing her husband like this, Tanimoto Yoshie gently stepped forward to comfort her, “Fumio, your daughter will understand you sooner or later, but what about Daxia’s side? That Watanabe Fumikishi went behind your back and staged such a big affair, and killed quite a few official people.”
“If we don’t deal with this one, I’m afraid it will be a great calamity for our Watanabe family.”
Watanabe Fumio frowned slightly, “I have already sent an envoy to Daxia to explain the situation, that Watanabe Fumikishi has been competing with me for the position of family head, this time for the general election, he will not let go of this opportunity.”
“I’m mainly afraid that he will lay his hands on our daughter, he knows that you and my daughter are the ones I care about the most, if he threatens me with you and my daughter, I’ll have to back down to him!”
“So you and your daughter should be careful these days, stay at home and don’t go anywhere, even if that Watanabe Fumihishi is bold, he wouldn’t dare to break into the house.”
“Only, this is the way to suffer you and your daughter ……”
Watanabe Fumio was full of love and pity gently stroking Tanimoto Yoshie’s hair!
“As long as I’m with you, I’m willing to suffer even more ……” Tanimoto Yoshie leaned into Watanabe Fumio’s chest!
And at this time, that Watanabe Yumiko, however, had already run out of the house, since she was back, she planned to go and find her friends to play, she couldn’t possibly be bored at home anyway!
“Onii-chan, please go back …………”
The two underlings, although they didn’t dare to stop Yumiko, kept following and kept talking at her!
“Are you two looking for death? I just came out to play for a while, and you guys are following like hell, are you tired of it?”
Yumiko scolded at the two servants!
“Miss, the master has told us that you are not allowed to go out, otherwise we wouldn’t be able to give our orders!”
The two servants had a bitter look on their faces!
“What, you listen to my father, but not me? If he dares to kill you, I dare ……”
Yumiko said and raised her palms up!
But the two underlings still didn’t move, they weren’t going to leave at all!
Yumiko saw this and didn’t dare to really do anything, she was just scaring the two underlings!