Jin Fusheng was so frightened that he sat down on his buttocks, directly P*ssing himself in fear.
If Chen Ping wanted to kill him, it would only be a matter of a wave of his hand, not to mention killing him, even if it destroyed the foundation he had built over the years, it would only be a matter of a word!
“It’s over …… it’s over …… I’m finished ……”
Jin Fusheng’s entire person fell into a daze, muttering as if he was stupid.
Looking at Jin Fusheng like that, Lao Er kicked him twice more!
“Lao Er, well, let’s go, save the sight of Mr. Chen, we can’t go in!”
The four Southern Mountain Jie Lao Da shouted at Lao Er, then several people leapt straight out of the window and landed steadily on the boat below!
“Boss ……”
At this time, the man in the suit walked in and saw Jin Fusheng who was sitting paralyzed on the ground and hurriedly helped him up.
“Quickly, call everyone on the boat over, hurry up ……”
Jin Fusheng yelled at the man in the suit.
The man in the suit was dumbfounded, but still followed the instructions and hurriedly gathered everyone together.
Jin Fusheng then led everyone and knelt directly at the entrance of Chen Ping’s room.
Some people were unsure and kept standing, not knowing what to do.
“All of you f*cking kneel down, no one is allowed to make a sound, if you disturb Mr. Chen’s sleep, I want your lives ……”
With one word from Jin Fusheng, everyone was so scared that they hurriedly knelt down, no one dared to make a sound!
More than two hours later, it was dawn outside, and the cruise ship began to sound its whistle as it slowly approached the port!
Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong got up first, and when the two walked out, they found Jin Fusheng kneeling in the corridor with a group of people.
This moment made Gu Mantian and Su Wenzong a little confused.
“Boss Jin, what are you doing?”
Gu asked Tian.
“Gu Gu, I have sinned, I am making amends to Mr. Chen.”
Jin Fusheng said with a penitent face.
“Guilty? What the hell is wrong? Just get up and talk if there’s something wrong!”
Gu Mantian wanted to help Jin Fusheng up, but without seeing Chen Ping’s face, Jin Fusheng did not dare to get up.
At that moment, Chen Ping opened the door and walked out. He was not surprised that Jin Fusheng was kneeling in the corridor with his men.
Chen Ping’s hearing was extraordinary now, so he could hear all the movements in the corridor at night!
Seeing Chen Ping come out, Jin Fusheng immediately crawled over.
“Mr. Chen, I was wrong, I beg Mr. Chen to forgive me ……”
Jin Fusheng knelt in front of Chen Ping, crying bitterly and trembling with fear.
Now, if Chen Ping was not happy, his life would be in danger, not to mention his life, and perhaps his family would suffer with him.
“Chen Ping, what’s going on?”
Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong asked curiously.
“Let him speak for himself!” Chen Ping looked at Jin Fusheng and said with a faint smile “You’re wrong? What do you mean? Where are you wrong?”
“I …… I ……” Jin Fusheng looked up at Gu Wentian and finally said ashamedly, “I shouldn’t have seen profit and forgotten righteousness and tried to take those auctioned off antiques for myself, and moved to kill Mr. Chen and you guys from ancient times …… I deserve to die, I deserve to die ……”
The first thing you should do is to take a look at the actual auction.
The first thing that he did was to look at Jin Fusheng in disbelief, he did not expect Jin Fusheng to kill himself for the sake of those antiques.
Originally, Gu Wentian still had some trust in Jin Fusheng, but now it seemed that he was still too gullible to trust people.
“Ancient, what do you think about how this should be handled?”
Chen Ping did not make the decision, but left the matter to Gu Wentian.
As soon as he heard Chen Ping say this, Jin Fusheng hurriedly turned his head and crawled towards Gu Wentian!
“Ancient, please spare me, I still have quite a few antiques at home, Ancient feel free to pick them, you are guaranteed to like them ……”
Jin Fusheng knew that Gu Wentian liked antiques, so he ingratiated himself with Gu Wentian in this way.