After slapping three times, Chen Ping bit through his middle finger and then gently smeared it on the eyes of the Qilin Beast.
Just after Chen Ping’s blood dripped into the Qilin Beast’s eyes, a white light suddenly flashed and the Qilin Beast on the boulder seemed to come to life, its eyes constantly looking around.
With a roar, the Qilin beast jumped off the boulder!
They had never seen such a beast before, and it was alive!
But the Qilin did not attack anyone, it just spun around and then disappeared in a flash of white light.
The Qilin beast carved on the boulder had disappeared!
At this moment, the crowd all looked at Chen Ping in shock, they had never seen such a situation before!
Who had ever seen a divine beast in their entire lives?
But this divine beast has descended, does it mean that the spiritual energy will be revived soon!
“Mr. Chen …… Chen, that qilin …… where did that qilin go?”
Jiang Wei asked to Chen Ping in shock.
He was eager to take a look at that qilin, and it would be even better if he could sit on it!
Chen Ping smiled and was about to explain when that Hu Ma Zi spoke up.
“That’s not a qilin, it’s just an illusion, this stone was cast with a qilin pressed stone formation, so no one could destroy the boulder just now!”
“Not to mention the boulder, even a needle, as long as this formation is cast, no one can pick it up, this is just an ordinary formation to confine objects, only some people are too discerning and short-sighted to see it!”
Pocky Hu’s words were obviously meant for Hong Qianjiu and the others to hear.
Although Hong Qianjiu was angry, he couldn’t get angry because what Pocky Hu said was true, he really couldn’t see any formation!
But at this point the rolling thunder was still blasting down and quite a few people had already died, so no one was thinking about that. Seeing that the formation had been broken, Hong Qianjiu smashed the boulder with one palm!
The entrance was opened and the crowd swarmed out!
Everyone tried to run out for fear that if they were slow, they would be struck by the thunder!
Fortunately, Hong Qianjiu was able to dodge quickly, but those behind him were in trouble, they were struck directly and died instantly!
Hong Qianjiu looked outside in horror and found Ning Zhi with four black and gold robes, blocking the exit, they would be slaughtered if anyone dared to go out!
Four Martial Saints, guarding an exit, even a fly would not be able to fly out!
Hong Qianjiu didn’t dare to go further out and desperately tried to move his body backwards!
But the people behind him were in a hurry, desperately pouring out!
Those in front of them were pushed out!
Just as they went out, they were directly decapitated by a few black and gold robes, and in the end no one dared to move, while those who remained in the hall of the ruins had to dodge the blasts of heavenly lightning!
“Hahahaha, just die to your hearts, since you’ve gone in, there’s no way you’ll be able to come out alive.”
Ning Zhi was laughing wildly from outside!
Many people were cursing at Ning Zhi, but he didn’t care!
“Brother Chen Ping, what should we do? We can’t get out either, that Ning Zhi is guarding the entrance of the cave with four Black Gold Robes.”
Long Xingxu asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping frowned as he looked at the empty ruins, he couldn’t think of a way out for a while!
Now Ning Zhi was guarding the outside with four Black Gold Robes to wait for them, even if Chen Ping charged hard, he would not be able to break out at all, knowing that those were four Martial Saints in strength.
Hong Qianjiu and the others had also retreated, and the whole tunnel was already filled with corpses, which were blocking the tunnel!