“Are you kidding me? This Celestial Realm could not have left any treasures behind even if an Immortal Exalt had once stayed there, and how could a low-level dimensional world like the Celestial Realm possibly attract an Immortal Exalt!”Chen Ping did not believe Yun Li’s words at all!
When Yun Li heard this, he laughed, then said, “Who told you that this Immortal Elder’s cave is in the Celestial Realm?”
“Not in the Celestial Realm? Then where is it?”Chen Ping was stunned!
Yun Li, on the other hand, pointed with his finger towards the sky!
“The Celestial Realm? You’re saying that this Immortal Dignity Cave is in the Celestial Realm?”Chen Ping looked at Yun Li incredulously, and then said with slight anger, “Aren’t you joking? At my current realm, I don’t even know when I will be able to ascend to the Heavenly Realm, so what’s the point of you telling me this?”
This was tantamount to painting a big cake, not knowing if it could be realised at all, this Yun Li even took it out and said that he still wanted to share the treasures!
Yun Li looked at Chen Ping and said with some surprise, “What? Don’t you know that there is more than just ascension to enter the heavenly realm.”
“How do you enter the Heavenly Realm without ascending?”Chen Ping looked confused, he truly did not know!
“You really don’t know?”Yun Li stared at Chen Ping dead in the face!
“Cut the crap, I don’t have time for riddles!”
Chen Ping was a bit anxious!
Seeing that Chen Ping really didn’t know, Yun Li then said, “Brother Chen, other than ascending to the Heavenly Realm, there is another way to enter the Heavenly Realm from the Celestial Realm, and that is the Ladder of Ascension to Heaven.”
“If one is relying on cultivation to reach ascension, and so on after ascending to the Celestial Realm, one would normally start from the Four Heavens of the Celestial Realm, and underneath the Four Heavens of the Celestial Realm, there is the Three Heavens!”
“And most of the cultivators within this Triple Heaven are those who have been received through various tests, I don’t know about other worlds, in the Celestial Realm it’s the Ladder of Ascension that appears once in a hundred years!”
“No matter what your strength is, as long as you are able to pass the nine tests of the Heaven Ascending Ladder, you will be able to ascend to the Celestial Realm, but this method of ascending to the Celestial Realm can only be the Celestial Realm of the First Heaven only!”
Yun Li explained after Chen Ping in detail!
After Chen Ping heard this, his entire body became excited, so it was possible to ascend to the Heavenly Realm without having to cultivate to the point of ascension!
Then wouldn’t he have the opportunity to rely on the Mahayana realm and then ascend to the Heavenly Realm through the Ascension Ladder?
It was just that this Heaven Ascension Ladder that only appeared once in a hundred years, Chen Ping did not know if he would be able to catch up!
If one needed to wait for decades, then Chen Ping himself would have ascended long ago by relying on his cultivation!
“Then how long will it take for this Heaven Ascension Ladder to appear?”Chen Ping asked impatiently!
“According to projections, it should be in the nearest period of time, only the place where it will appear, cannot be determined.”
“Every time the Heaven Ascending Ladder appears, there will be a bloody storm, and many people want to pass through the Heaven Ascending Ladder, so that they can ascend to the Heavenly Realm with honour!”
“Especially those Heaven Realm cultivators who are trapped in the Celestial Realm, they have no other way but to return to the Heaven Realm by relying on the Heaven Ascending Ladder, or they can only wait for the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation to disappear.”
“That’s why every time the Heaven Ascending Ladder appears, those Heaven Realm cultivators trapped in the Celestial Realm will go and give it a try.”
“I don’t know how much of what I’ve said can be understood by Brother Chen!”
Yun Li did not know that Chen Ping had actually known about the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation for a long time, and that the appearance of a vision in the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation was still Chen Ping’s doing!
“I can understand everything you said, so in that case, wouldn’t it be true that many people could leave the Celestial Realm and enter the Celestial Realm by relying on the Heaven Ascending Ladder?”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
That Formation Pattern Elder Ancestor had only told him about breaking the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation at that time, and had not mentioned that there was also the Ladder of Ascension to Heaven at all!
Including those other Heaven Realm cultivators who were trapped in the Celestial Realm, none of them had mentioned it to him either!
Since there was such a shortcut, why not use it?