“Sir Yao, this man’s name is Chen Ping, he’s just a guy from the secular world who hasn’t seen the world.”
Seeing that Chen Ping had been noticed by Yao Shenghui, Lu Factory rushed forward to a*sist.
“Someone from the secular world?” Yao Shenghui’s eyes stared, “When did we allow people from the secular world to participate in our Secret Realm Conference?”
“Sir Yao, now Mr. Chen is a member of our Ge Clan, representing our Ge Clan to participate in the Secret Realm Conference.”
Ge Yuhan hurriedly explained!
“Having a secular world brat, representing your Ge family, is too much of a disgrace to our Fire Gate Mystic Realm!”
At this moment, Jin Yuan walked over, then saluted towards Yao Shenghui, “Sir Yao, my name is Jin Yuan, from the Fire Sect Mystic Realm’s Zhangyue Pavilion.”
“So it’s Brother Jin, I’ve heard a lot about you!” Yao Shenghui clasped his fist and then asked, “What is this Chen Ping called? Is he really from the secular world?”
“Not bad, he is from the secular world, I don’t know what kind of relationship he has with the Ge family, so the Ge family gave him a place to come to the Secret Realm Conference.”
Jin Yuan said truthfully!
“That’s really true ……,” Yao Shenghui’s gaze fell back on Chen Ping’s body!
“Lord Yao, actually …………”
Ge Yuhan wanted to explain, but was interrupted by Yao Shenghui waving his hand, then said, “This matter, I have to report it truthfully before I can do so, allowing people from the secular world, to attend the Secret Realm Conference, this is a blatant violation of the rules.”
After he finished speaking, Yao Shenghui gave his feet a lurch and his whole body rose into the air, instantly landing on top of the high platform!
“Shenghui, what just happened?”
Patriarch Yao Qisheng of the Purple Thunder Sect asked.
What had just happened down there was clear to see from above the high platform!
“Master, just now my apprentice discovered that people from the secular world had actually appeared at the Secret Realm a*sembly.”
Yao Shenghui said.
“What, there were people from the secular world? What the hell is going on?” Yu Qian said with a frown!
As the person who controls the power of speech in the Secret Realm a*sembly, someone is blatantly violating the rules, how can that be okay!
“Master Yu, just now I was down there and heard someone say that someone from the secular world had entered the Secret Realm a*sembly.”
“That person’s name is Chen Ping, and he was brought in by the Fire Gate Secret Realm Ge Family.”
Yao Shenghui said truthfully!
After listening to this, Yu Qian instantly placed his gaze on Ge Cansheng who was sitting on one side!
“Ge Cansheng, what is this all about?” Yu Qian asked.
Everyone else had their eyes on Ge Cansheng as well, wondering how Ge Cansheng could bring a person from the secular world here!
One must know that the places to participate in this Secret Realm Conference were all very precious, and Ge Cansheng was even willing to give a place to a person from the secular world!
“Master Yu, Mr. Chen is indeed from the secular world, but he is also a member of my Ge family, so representing our Ge family in this Secret Realm Conference is completely in line with the rules!”
“I believe that there are quite a few clans that have their own spokesperson clans in the secular world, and there are even some clans that will send people to the secular world, there is nothing strange about that, can’t those people return from the secular world and represent their clan in the Secret Realm a*sembly?”
Ge Cang Sheng had actually thought of something to say a long time ago.
“Mr. Chen?” Yu Qian looked at Ge Cansheng with a puzzled face, “Is this person a martial artist or a cultivator? You actually address him with such respect, it seems that he has an unusual relationship with your Ge family?”
“Mr. Chen is a cultivator and has benefited our Ge family, so everything in our Ge family should belong to Mr. Chen now.”
Ge Cansheng said!
As soon as Ge Cansheng’s words left his mouth, so everyone was shocked, only Jiang Wu Ya’s face didn’t change much!
“In that case, I would really like to meet this person!”
Yu Qian had become Avray curious about Chen Ping!
Even the others were curious as to what kind of person Chen Ping was that he could make Ge Cang Sheng say such a thing!
“Shenghui, Master Yu is curious, go and bring this Chen Ping up!”
Yao Qisheng said to Yao Shenghui.