At this moment, Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Chopper Sword, looked coldly at Jue Yuan, “As I said, I have killed even veteran Martial Gods, you are just a newly promoted Martial God, how could you be my opponent!”
Chen Ping’s face showed no hint of arrogance, his expression was very calm, as if he was stating a fact!
But Jue Yuan simply didn’t believe it, he didn’t believe that Chen Ping, a fifth ranked Martial Saint, could kill a Martial God, this was beyond his perception, it was impossible!
Unless Chen Ping had deliberately concealed his strength, but hiding the strength of a Martial God, deliberately to a Martial Saint, was almost impossible!
“Kid, don’t you dare run wild ……”
After Jue Yuan finished speaking, he fiercely grabbed his hands towards the void!
In an instant, countless faith powers appeared between heaven and earth, many of which were purple in colour, condensing towards the void in front of Jue Yuan!
At this moment, the believers who were kneeling not far away began to fall, their aura and faith power being absorbed by Jue Yuan!
Even so, the believers kept dying, but the rest of them were still kneeling in place, chanting scriptures in their hearts!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s eyebrows furrowed together and with a fierce roar he said, “Why don’t you all leave quickly, what are you still kneeling in devotion for?”
“This is a devil, not a god in your hearts, can’t you see that people are dying all around you ……”
Chen Ping shouted, hoping that these ordinary believers would leave this place quickly, or else they would all die here!
“Hahahaha, they will not listen to you, these people are my most devout followers, even if I tell them to die, they will not hesitate!”
Jue Yuan laughed as the power of faith in front of him quickly condensed into a long purple sword, condensed from the power of the most devout faith!
“This will be inexhaustible if these believers of mine are around, I will give you a taste of my power today!”
Jue Yuan wielded his purple longsword and headed straight for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping likewise worked his aura to the utmost, his imperishable golden body emitting a dazzling golden light at this moment, before he too leapt up with his dragon chopping sword in hand!
Shi Qingpei’s father and son hid far away, watching all this in amazement, whether it was Chen Ping or Jue Yuan, the two of them emitted a breath that could easily kill them both!
In mid-air, the purple longsword in Jue Yuan’s hand shook, and immediately afterwards a terrifying aura spread out instantly!
This aura enveloped the Kuchan Temple, and immediately afterwards the whole Kuchan Temple shook, and those Buddha statues within the Kuchan Temple actually began to move!
A total of twelve Buddha statues, at this moment, all flew into the sky as if they had come to life, heading straight for Chen Ping!
“Hahaha, kid, you fell for it, you really thought I would fight you hard ……”
Jue Yuan laughed and his body instantly fell back to the ground!
And those twelve Buddha statues, directly surrounded Chen Ping, twelve Buddha powers, swung together towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping snorted coldly, his face full of disdain, even if more Buddhas came, it would be useless!
But just as Chen Ping was about to swing his sword to meet the attack, he suddenly felt a twinge of pain in his abdomen, followed by an instant collapse of his spiritual energy, which could not be solidified!
Boom …………
Chen Ping didn’t have time to dodge at all, and was directly hit by those twelve Buddha’s powers!
The imperishable golden body instantly crumbled, and the golden scales slowly disappeared!
And Chen Ping’s body fell to the ground, directly smashing the ground into a deep crater!
Chen Ping lay motionless in the deep pit, the discomfort in his body still present!
The discomfort was caused by the fact that Chen Ping had just absorbed the strength of JUE and so much faith power that had gathered in his body and he hadn’t had time to refine it!