Chen Ping glanced over and could not tell whether the man was a remnant soul or a physical body, and right now, Chen Ping had no way to emanate his divine sense to probe.
“Senior, we have no intention to offend, please forgive us.”
Chen Ping said as he cupped his fists towards the man.
No matter what the other party was, one should always be courteous first, as the saying goes, a hand out does not come with a smile.
Chen Ping knew that he did not have the strength right now, so he could only lower his stance, this was not the time to pretend.
The man slowly turned around, his deep eyes looking towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked straight into the eyes of the other party without any fear, he could be sure that the other party was the body of the remnant soul.
“No offence intended?”The man slowly got up, “You are clearly running towards this place, and you still say that you have no intention to offend.”
It was only then that Chen Ping was able to see the man’s full appearance, a long black robe covering his entire body, along with the man getting up, a cold fury came over him.
Looking at the man’s residual soul body, Chen Ping wanted to curse, what is the point of pretending?
If Chen Ping had not had his strength suppressed, he would have cursed at this moment.
But now, one had to bow one’s head under the roof, one could only pretend to be a wimp.
“Senior, we are just curious, that’s why we came here, absolutely no other intention.”
Chen Ping tried his best to explain.
If this fellow made a move, Chen Ping did not know if he could deal with it, so it was better not to provoke.
“Yes, we are just curious, if you don’t like it, we will leave now!”
Seeing this, Lin Keting hurriedly pulled Chen Ping and intended to leave!
“Want to leave?”
The man spoke, “Without my permission, you guys won’t be able to leave here.”
“Truth be told, the two of you arriving here was manipulated by me, otherwise how could the others not see this great hall.”
“I don’t know what senior purposely lured us here, what is the so-called matter ah?”At this moment, Chen Ping had a bad premonition within him.
He felt that this devil cultivator’s residual soul was afraid that he was going to take over his body, although after taking over his body, his strength would drop drastically, but it was better than being a wisp of a residual soul and being stuck here all the time ah.
If that was the case, this guy was definitely trying to take over his own body.
“It’s not much of a matter, I’ve been here for thousands of years, and I’m a bit unwilling to be trapped here with all my cultivation.”
“So I need to borrow your bodies for a bit to leave this shitty place and enjoy the outside world.”
The man surprisingly said without shying away!
When Lin Keting heard this, her face instantly became very ugly!
Chen Ping also followed suit with a frown, “Senior, I didn’t understand what you said, do you want us to take you away?”
Chen Ping was still playing dumb.
“It’s fine if you don’t understand, you’ll know in a moment.”The man laughed, and it was a very sinister laugh.
Lin Keting was filled with fear and looked at Chen Ping, “Are you stupid, he’s going to take over you, he’s going to take over your body, you’ll be completely finished by then.”
Chen Ping glanced at Lin Keting, his face full of helplessness, how could he not know, he just pretended not to know.
If this fellow was just seizing his body, Chen Ping would rather he did so!
As long as he dared to enter his sea of consciousness, everything would never have to be worried again, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would beat the shit out of this guy.
Even if the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was not an opponent, the Da Luo Golden Code in his own sea of consciousness was not a vegetarian.
“This little girl isn’t bad, and her brain is sharp enough.”
The man looked towards Lin Ke Ting and nodded with great satisfaction!
“What are you doing seizing him and luring me here as well?”Lin Ke Ting looked at the man in disbelief.
“I’ve been here for thousands of years, I haven’t tasted a woman in a long time, after I take over my body, there has to be a woman to satisfy me.”
The man looked at Lin Ke Ting lustfully!
When Lin Ke Ting heard this, she immediately blushed, followed by anger bursting out of her eyes!