Can’t you see that you’re blind?
Why are you still looking at me?
However, having said that, Master Limitless still struck out, only to see him take out a wooden fish from his pocket and quickly strike it!
The sound of the wooden fish formed a sound wave in the surroundings, and then wrapped the crowd in this sound wave!
Boom!
Then, along with that terrifying aura coming in, the surrounding sound wave instantly collapsed, and even the wooden fish in Grandmaster Limitless’ hand followed suit and exploded!
Master Limitless was even spewing out blood continuously, like a fountain!
“Run ……”
Seeing this, Xiao Feng grabbed Chen Ping and ran!
The others also fled, even that Limitless Master dragged his injured body and did not dare to stop for a moment!
While that 10th Highness looked at the crowd that fled in panic, he laughed and crunched the lollipop in his mouth.
Only after finishing the lollipop did the Tenth Highness take a step towards the crowd to chase after them!
This Tenth Highness, with every step he took, would cause the surrounding buildings to turn into ashes and the entire void to tremble with him!
“Senior, what exactly is this little than pup? Why is he so powerful, and he also recognises your Heavenly Underworld Eyes?”
Chen Ping asked the Red Cloud Demon Monarch while being helped to escape!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s face was very grave at the moment, and only after a while did he slowly open his mouth, “I didn’t think that these people still existed yet ……”
“What people? What kind of person is this little than pup?”
Seeing that expression on the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s face, Chen Ping knew that things were not simple!
“Let me ask you, do you know how many clans there are in this vast universe?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch did not answer Chen Ping, but instead asked at him!
“I know, isn’t it just the human race, the demon race and the beast race?”
Chen Ping said in disbelief!
But who knew that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch shook his head and said, “In this vast universe, there is also the existence of a Divine Race.”
“These God Races are actually considered to be a type of Human Race, only that because these people are high-minded and proud, they always feel that they are above any race, so they have anointed themselves as God Races.”
“It’s because of this high-mindedness of the God Race that made many ethnic groups dislike these people of theirs, so much so that they slowly disappeared later on.”
“I never thought that I would be able to see the existence of the God Race in this Celestial Realm ……”
“God Race?”Chen Ping was directly confused and asked incredulously, “Senior, could it be that the God-Devil War was instigated by these God Races? What are the characteristics of these divine races of theirs?”
“I don’t really know who instigated the God-Devil War, but the characteristics of the God Race are that they are arrogant, like to brag, and always think that the bloodline in them is noble.”
“It’s like the Dragon Clan amongst the Beast Clan, or the Golden Dragon lineage amongst the Dragon Clan, believing that their bloodline is noble and differentiates them from the other clans.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch explained after Chen Ping!
“F*ck ……,” Chen Ping inwardly cursed!
He himself was of the Golden Dragon lineage, and this Red Cloud Demon Monarch was using an analogy in this manner.
Chen Ping didn’t feel that he was condescending and liked to brag ah?
Occasionally bragging was human nature!
“You brat, I’m telling you nicely, how do you curse?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord glared at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was immediately embarrassed, he had cursed in his own heart, but he did not expect that he had also been discovered by the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Senior, I was just a little shocked for a moment, not cursing you!”
Chen Ping could only explain awkwardly!
And at this moment, that Ten Highnesses had already caught up towards them without slowing down!
Feeling that terrifying aura behind them getting closer and closer!
Everyone became anxious, while Xiao Jian looked towards Master Limitless and said, “Master Limitless, it’s up to you ……”
“F*ck……,” Master Limitless was completely speechless!
There is no such bullying, one is vomiting blood and dying, what are you looking at?
Watching me being beaten to death alive?
Master Limitless wanted to refuse, but the terrifying aura behind them was already coming towards them!
The 10th Highness had an innocent smile on his face, no matter how you look at it, he didn’t look like a demon that would kill!