A few hours later, Chen Ping and the others arrived on top of a hillock!
Below the hillock, there were patches of houses that looked cluttered, but upon closer inspection, it was found that these houses were actually built according to the Five Elements Bagua!
And these houses formed a circle, in the middle of the circle, there was a building, and this was where the five great clans met collectively!
“Mr Chen, this is where the five great clans reside, these five great clans are the Tian Chen Sect, Tian Hai Sect, Tian Luo Sect, Tian Yue Sect, and Tian Yang Sect.”
“Among them, Tian Luo Sect’s Patriarch Luo is considered to be the head of the five great sects, as well as the Tian Hai Sect’s Patriarch Hai Da Fu within these five great sects is the most brutal.”
“These five great clans used to be one ancestor, and slowly developed later, turning into five great clans, but the five great clans have things together, following one clan makes no difference.”
“If what happened in the Blood Spirit Valley is really the work of the five great sects, I still hope that Mr Chen will not be impulsive, otherwise we are afraid that we will not be able to walk out of the five great sects.”
Sheng Bushi followed Chen Ping and introduced the five great sects!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded, Chen Ping himself knew that it was still impossible for the few of them to resist the five great sects!
Seeing Chen Ping’s promise, Sheng Bushi led Chen Ping as they walked down the high hill towards the five great sect gates!
The five major sect gates were all shrouded by formations, the energy shields, if any, could be seen with the naked eye!
And on the side of the formations, there was only one entrance that allowed one to enter the clan’s heavy ground!
Only this entrance had dozens of sect disciples guarding it!
“Who is it that dares to trespass our five great sects’ boundaries?”
A guard shouted out!
This piece of desolate land, after being expropriated by the five great sects and establishing the sects, it belonged to private territory, and other people were not allowed to trespass!
What’s more, the five great sects were considered to be very powerful in this area, so there wasn’t anyone willing to mess with it!
“This fellow Daoist, I’m Sheng Bushi from the Sheng Family in Fancheng, please inform Patriarch Luo.”
Sheng Bushi hurriedly stepped forward before pulling out a bag of spirit coins and handing it over to that guard!
Seeing the spirit coins, that guard immediately smiled, so he put the spirit coins away and nodded, “So it’s the Sheng family master ah, wait a moment, I will immediately report to Patriarch Luo ……”
Chen Ping saw this scene, he didn’t think that the Celestial Realm could not avoid the worldly world, and he had to coax the gatekeeper to be happy, otherwise he couldn’t even get in at the main entrance!
And at this time, in the halls of the five great clans, several Patriarchs were present, discussing the matter of the Five Sons of Man!
“Did that Chen Ping even fly, he hasn’t been found for so many days.”
“If he is found, I’ll be the first one to skin him, daring to make a move against our five great clans.”
Hai Da Fu roared with an icy face!
“Patriarch Yang, have the beast race’s three emperors and four kings guys recruited yet?”
Patriarch Luo turned his gaze towards a middle-aged man wearing an eye patch!
This person was the Patriarch of the Tian Yang Sect!
“No, a few fellows are very hard-mouthed, they just won’t admit to helping that Chen Ping kill our Human Jie Five.”
Patriarch Yang shook his head and said!
Patriarch Luo frowned slightly, his expression becoming grave.
“You guys say, is it possible that our Human Jie Five Sons were not killed by that Chen Ping, and that the Three Emperors and Four Kings did not help?”
Patriarch Luo said!
“How is it possible, we personally saw the storage bag of the five sons of the People’s Jie fall from that Chen Ping’s body.”
Hai Da Fu said!
“Sometimes what you see with your own eyes is not necessarily true, it’s not like there’s no such thing as disguise techniques nowadays, we’d better be cautious and not be taken advantage of.”
“Recently I found out that the Heavenly Demon Mountain isn’t peaceful anymore either, some time ago the Blood Spirit Valley was massacred to death, this has never happened before.”
Through these few days of thinking, Patriarch Luo began to doubt what that Qi Peijia had said!