After saying that, Zhu Ling began to close her eyes and put her divine sense into the scented capsule, wanting to follow the old Sect Master’s mind!
However, after waiting for half a day, Zhu Ling still did not have any reaction, and a lot of cold sweat appeared on her forehead!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping directly slapped his palm on Zhu Ling’s shoulder, and a spiritual force was pushed into Zhu Ling’s body!
Only then did Zhu Ling let out a long breath and opened her eyes with a pale face!
“What are you doing? The entire divine sense is emanating out, isn’t this looking for death?”
Chen Ping roared at Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling had actually exuded all of her divine sense, fortunately, Chen Ping had realised in time and helped Zhu Ling pull back her divine sense!
If the divine sense could not be returned, Zhu Ling was afraid that she was going to become demented and might even be lifeless!
“Why can’t I sense my father at all? I can’t sense him ……”
Zhu Ling frowned with a nervous expression!
‘Could it be that the old Sect Master is having an attack, so there is no way to communicate with you telepathically?’
Chen Ping said!
‘Impossible, even if father is having an attack, I can still sense his presence, it’s just that he has no way to respond to me.’
‘But this time, I didn’t sense father’s aura.’
Zhu Ling looked tense, her eyes were filled with worry.
‘Is it possible that the old Sect Master has been transferred and is no longer in this place?’
Chen Ping said again!
‘It’s also impossible, this is the tightest place in the entire Purple Flame Sect, Huo Yuan Ting wouldn’t have moved father away.’
‘Could it be that something happened to father, that they poisoned him?’
Zhu Ling became emotional and wanted to forcefully break through that formation!
‘Senior sister, don’t be impulsive, if you forcefully break through the formation, not only will you not be able to see the old Sect Master, you will most likely be discovered and captured.’
Chen Ping stopped Zhu Ling and said!
‘Don’t worry, I have my measure.’ After Zhu Ling finished speaking, she actually opened the incense pouch and swallowed all the ashes inside!
Chen Ping froze, ‘Senior sister, what are you going to do?’
‘But don’t think about it …………’
‘Who can’t get over it?’ Zhu Ling glared at Chen Ping, ‘My father said that the ashes inside this scented capsule, apart from being able to connect with his mind, it can also be swallowed in times of danger, so that when the time comes, you will be able to obtain my father’s strength.’
‘As long as I can get my father’s strength, splitting this formation is still easy, not to mention that I still have Elder Cui’s formation disc in my hand where it is!’‘It’s still possible?’ Chen Ping was filled with doubt!However, after Zhu Ling swallowed that ash, the aura of her body did change quite a bit!‘Don’t follow me, I’m afraid that I’m not going to be able to return this time, you’d better go back obediently.’‘If I see my father, I’ll ask for you, I can tell you if we still have a chance to meet!’Zhu Ling told Chen Ping to leave, after all, this was very risky, she didn’t want Chen Ping to risk his life by following her!‘Senior sister, what are you talking about, how could I leave you alone.’‘Since we are already here, then even if we are grasshoppers on the same rope, to die I will follow senior sister to die together.’‘Moreover, to be able to die together with senior sister, I have no regrets in dying ……’Chen Ping said with a righteous face!Zhu Ling looked at Chen Ping and was touched by him!Zhu Ling had never felt this kind of concern before!Although many men pursued her, saying that they liked her!But there wasn’t a single man that was willing to die for her!
‘Senior brother, thank you, I won’t let you die.’Zhu Ling grabbed Chen Ping’s hand, then pulled Chen Ping to slowly walk into the formation!
Chen Ping grabbed Zhu Ling’s hand, not to mention how beautiful his heart was!
However, Chen Ping wanted to follow Zhu Ling to break the formation, not for the purpose of really pursuing Zhu Ling, he was just afraid that if anything really happened to the old Sect Master, then who would he go with to learn about the method of fusion of the Supreme Flame ah!