One must know that this Elder Cui was impartial and would not buy the Sect Master’s account at all, even if Liu Sh*tong’s master was the current new Sect Master, it would be useless!
Lu San is just an outer disciple, even if he is punished in any way it doesn’t matter, at most he will be expelled from the Purple Flame Sect!
But Liu Sh*tong can’t, he is now also a deacon disciple, and is still the Sect Master’s beloved disciple, behind him is a promising future!
“Lu San, if you obediently take out your things and then give a clear explanation, Elder Cui might be able to spare your life.”
Wei Qing said to Lu San!
“I …… I have nothing!”
Lu San said with a stiff upper lip!
Wei Qing’s eyes slightly condensed, then he grabbed towards Lu San’s arms!
Before Lu San could react, the bronze mirror had already appeared in Wei Qing’s hand!
“What is this thing?”
Wei Qing asked!
“This …………” Lu San was a little flustered, not knowing how to answer for a moment!
“Let me see ……”
Seeing this, Liu Sh*tong then stepped forward to snatch the bronze mirror.
Wei Qing flickered and looked at Liu Sh*tong coldly: “Liu Sh*tong, are you trying to snatch it over and then destroy the evidence?”
“What evidence am I destroying?”
Liu Sh*tong pretended to be innocent, “This is just a copper mirror, what’s so great about it, I don’t think I can detect the breath of supreme fire from within this copper mirror!”
The supreme fire within the copper mirror had been absorbed and refined by Chen Ping, so there was no supreme fire left!
Liu Sh*tong was also dead set against admitting it precisely because of this!
“Yes, this is an ordinary copper mirror that I used to practice, there is no supreme fire at all!”
Lu San, on the other hand, reacted to the situation and said loudly!
Wei Qing tried to put in a spiritual energy within the copper mirror, but although that copper mirror formation pattern flickered up, there was no Supreme Flame that appeared!
This moment caused Wei Qing to be a little embarrassed and at a loss for words!
“Bring me this copper mirror to take a look ……”
Elder Cui reached out and said!
“Elder Cui please take a look, I think it must be this Lu San who is messing with the copper mirror!”
Wei Qing respectfully handed that copper mirror to that Elder Cui’s hand!
After Elder Cui saw the mirror, his brows instantly furrowed and his face became very ugly!
“A few of you stay, the others leave here quickly!”
Elder Cui pointed at Wei Qing, Liu Sh*tong and Lu San before telling everyone to leave!
“Senior Sister Qian, you’re fine, don’t cry anymore.”
Chen Ping gently comforted Qian Xiu!
Since Elder Cui had told the crowd to leave, it proved that the matter of the to fire explosion was not related to the crowd that followed them away!
“You guys go wait for me outside, I believe that Elder Cui will have a decision soon!”
Wei Qing let Chen Ping and the rest of them go out!
After everyone had gone out, Elder Cui casually waved his hand and directly laid down a formation, so that no one could see what was going on within the formation!
Seeing this scene, Liu Sh*tong and that Lu San’s faces instantly changed!
Knowing that this Elder Cui was unselfish, if he suddenly laid down a formation, if he made a move against them and punished them directly according to the rules of the Purple Flame Sect, then they would really be screaming for help!
“Liu Sh*tong, what’s going on with this bronze mirror?”
Elder Cui grimaced and asked at that Liu Sh*tong!
“Elder Cui, I …… am not sure ah.”
“Isn’t this that Lu San’s own thing, for practising?”
Liu Sh*tong said in a feigned manner!
Snap!
Elder Cui slapped on that Liu Sh*tong’s face, then viciously said, “You f*cking fart, this copper mirror on the formation is I personally carved, and within this copper mirror sealed to the fire.”
“In order to allow disciples with natural talent, to be able to use the copper mirror to cultivate, so that they can more quickly perceive and master our Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Fire.”
“How could something so important come into the hands of an outer disciple?”
When Elder Cui said so, that Liu Sh*tong’s face changed colour in fear!