Deacon Lu looked at those who were standing behind Song Qingping and couldn’t help but curse angrily, “You treacherous people, have you forgotten what the Patriarch taught us?”
“Deacon Lu, those who know the times are the best, I advise you to listen to the Vice Patriarch obediently, now that the Patriarch is dead, it will do you no good if you cling on like this!”
A senior member of the Demon Spirit Sect said to Deacon Lu.
“I pooh, shameless thing, our Demon Spirit Sect follows the Demon Heart Sect and is at odds with each other, and now we are even going to mix together, I will never agree to that.”
With that, Deacon Lu leapt up and slapped his palm towards the senior who had just spoken!
“Seek death ……”
Seeing this, Song Qingping casually waved his hand, Deacon Lu only felt a huge force hit him, and the next thing he knew, his entire body was directly knocked out!
This shows that the difference in strength between Deacon Lu and Song Qingping is still huge.
Blood flowed from the corners of Deacon Lu’s mouth, and his internal organs were reeling!
This slap had seriously injured him!
“Deacon Lu, you should go quickly, let’s stop them ……”
The few people standing with Deacon Lu said, and rushed up desperately to buy Deacon Lu time to escape!
Seeing this, Deacon Lu could only grit his teeth and run towards the secret territory!
On the other hand, Chen Ping was waiting quietly, he knew that after Zhou Jie’s drugging, the Demon Spirit Sect would make the next move, so he was waiting!
The Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu was casually placed on the table.
Soon, Chen Ping sensed a hint of aura, if any, and it was obvious that the other party had deliberately hidden their aura.
A trace of excitement appeared on Chen Ping’s face, he felt that it must be that Song Qingping who had come!
And at this moment, outside Chen Ping’s room, a man was wearing a black robe with a sinister aura about him!
Beneath that black robe was Ning Zhi’s somewhat ghastly white face!
Ning Zhi pushed open the door to Chen Ping’s room and found that Chen Ping had actually swaggered around and put the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu on the table!
“This Chen Ping, he’s too arrogant to have the audacity to place this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, so casually.”
Ning Zi, the spirit within Ning Zi, said at this.
But Ning Zi did not think so, and when he saw Chen Ping placing the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu squarely on the table so casually, he suddenly thumped inwardly and looked a little nervous.
Ning Zhi had followed Chen Ping for so long, he knew that Chen Ping was not such a careless person!
Now that Chen Ping had placed the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu on the table casually, it was obvious that he had prepared or was deliberately doing so, waiting for something to come!
“Why don’t you go and get the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu and take this Chen Ping away with you, don’t hurt his flesh.”
The spirit urged at Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi then frowned, “Senior, I always have a bad feeling, could this Chen Ping be doing this on purpose.”
“Hasn’t that Chen Ping already taken the Dispersing Energy Water? Even if he knows you’re coming, what can he do?”
“I find that the more you come, the less courageous you become.”
The spirit said with dissatisfaction.
Upon hearing this, Ning Zhi could only helplessly go forward and carefully take the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu into his hands!
Seeing that Chen Ping, who was lying on the bed, did not react in the slightest, Ning Zhi then let out a sigh of relief, and at the same time let go of his breath completely!
Now that Chen Ping had taken the Dissipation Water, he was just like an ordinary person, so Ning Zhi had nothing to fear!
With the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu in his hand, Ning Zhi’s heart was agitated.
“Take that Chen Ping away too, the Great Power will definitely reward us heavily when he sees this Chen Ping.”
The spirit said.
Ning Zhi went forward and patted Chen Ping and said, “Wake up, wake up ……”
Chen Ping pretended to be sleepy-eyed and muttered discontentedly, “Who is it, it’s the middle of the night, let’s not let anyone sleep?”