“Then Song Changhai has taken the Soulless Hall to the Blood Spirit Peak, which is now empty and just right for the Soulless Hall.”
“I’ll immediately send someone to inform Song Changhai.”
Luo Shouhai said!
“En!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Alright, everything that needs to be said has been said, we haven’t spoken for many days, accompany me to talk.”
Bai Shao seemed to be unable to wait, stepping forward and pulling Chen Ping to enter the room!
“Yes, I haven’t seen master for a long time either, if master can make us happy, I can also call the Lion King of the Beast Clan and the others.”
The Fire Phoenix also stepped forward and pulled Chen Ping’s other arm and said!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only smile helplessly.
“Good you Fire Phoenix, you have learnt to bargain after your master, then I will let you be honest for a while.”
Chen Ping followed Fire Phoenix and Bai Shao into the room!
This time, it was a day and a night!
Putting Ji Yun in a hurry outside, he was afraid that Chen Ping would turn into a human f*ck!
It wasn’t until the Wind Demon arrived that Chen Ping was called out from the room!
Chen Ping was in high spirits and did not seem to have a trace of fatigue!
On the contrary, it was Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow who looked like they hadn’t rested well!
Handing over the Heavenly Demon Stone to the Wind Demon, the Wind Demon did not stay too long before leaving!
It was probably going to find a place and go into seclusion to recover his physical body!
Song Tian Hai also came and brought along many disciples from the Soulless Hall!
Chen Ping had Fire Phoenix immediately contact the Lion King and the others!
The Fire Phoenix stepped in, and each of these Three Kings and Four Kings of the Beast Race came running without daring to have the slightest delay!
Chen Ping saw that everyone had arrived, so he asked Ji Yun to bring out the blimp, with so many people, it was more appropriate to make a blimp!
Although the blimp was too big of a target, but with so many of them, it was expected that nothing would go wrong!
The main thing was that Chen Ping had to hurry up, if the Mu Family launched an attack on Guanghan Palace before he rushed back, it would be troublesome!
The people boarded the airships one after another, and except for the necessary stay-behinds, everyone boarded the airships!
Although these people knew that this trip was bound to be dangerous, none of them were afraid!
The airship slowly took off and then headed towards South End City!
It was the first time for many people to take the airship, and they were all very excited, looking at the scenery through the portholes, they all chatted freely!
The human race, the beast race, and the devil race were in the airship at the moment, and they were all in a happy mood!
In fact, this was also the result Chen Ping wanted!
It was best not to have racial differences and to live in peace!
They could also exchange and spar with each other!
Just as the blimp was flying over the Heavenly Demon Mountain, it suddenly gave a lurch!
Buzz!
A buzzing sound rang out without warning, followed by a white light shield that actually held the entire airship upside down, making it unable to move forward!
The airship began to continuously reduce its altitude, slowly falling down, while that light shield was also continuously shrinking!
“What is this situation?”
Ji Yun was a bit at a loss for words, he had never encountered such a thing before when piloting a blimp!
Everyone else’s minds were also tightened, and they were ready to fight!
The blimp was forced to land on the ground!
Swish swish swish …………
Suddenly, four figures appeared and surrounded the four directions of the blimp!
Only to see these four people, dressed in different costumes and shapes, three men and one woman!
“This road was opened by me, this tree was planted by me, if you want to pass through here, leave behind the money to buy the road!”
The woman among them opened her mouth and said!
Only the woman’s fingers were very long, and her eyes were surprisingly fiery red!
Listening to the woman’s voice, Chen Ping was speechless for a while!
Even the people inside the blimp were confused, not understanding how this Heavenly Demon Mountain still came out to rob the road?
“Hahaha, how many years has it been, no one has passed through our territory, I didn’t expect to catch the ungrateful ones today.”
An old man with white hair, holding a walking stick in his hand, said excitedly!
“That’s not true, it’s amazing that there’s still someone who doesn’t know our Four Famous Constables’ territory, and still dares to pass through here!”
“Good hope that within this airship, there are a few p*ssies in, also give us a taste of meat, all day long facing the flame woman, old man is tired of seeing.”
A burly big man, licked his lips and said!