Ochre Yan wanted to jump into the deep pit to find Chen Ping, but just as he was about to jump, he found that the messy rocks at the bottom of the pit moved a little bit, and immediately after that Chen Ping gave out from that messy rocks!
However, at this time, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body had already disappeared, and his clothes were tattered and torn, with blood flowing from the corner of his mouth!
It proved that although the strike just now had not killed Chen Ping, it had injured him!
“Mr Chen, I knew you wouldn’t die ……”
Ochre Yan said happily when he saw that Chen Ping was still alive!
“How can I die that easily, the person who can kill me has not been born yet!”
Chen Ping grinned, then leapt out from that deep pit!
Seeing that Chen Ping didn’t die, Qi Peijia was slightly stunned, but soon sneered “You guy really has some skills, you didn’t die even like this, but even if you have more skills, you won’t be able to live today.”
Zeng Nian An was shocked to see that Chen Ping was still alive and had jumped out of the deep pit on his own, and although he was injured, it did not look like he was right in a big way.
“Want to kill me, not so easy ……”
Chen Ping touched a handful of blood at the corner of his mouth and then took out the Demon Drawing Whip!
Seeing that Chen Ping had taken out the Demon Drawing Whip, Qi Peijia sneered “I now know the power of this Demon Drawing Whip of yours, so if you want to use this whip to fight with me, I won’t let you have your way.”
Qi Peijia finished, violently a mouthful of black blood sprayed out, along with the black blood sprayed out, Qi Peijia yelled “Devil descends ……”
Soon, this mouthful of black blood unexpectedly transformed into a humanoid monster!
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned and his expression became very ugly!
This whip whip carry on the body of the demon cultivator, can attack the demon cultivator divine sense, even if there is a protective armour to wear on the body, it is useless!
However, when dealing with this kind of cohesive monster, the Demon Whip would lose its effect!
When the whip hit these monsters, it was simply useless, after all, these monsters did not have divine sense either!
Looking at Chen Ping’s expression, Qi Peijia laughed out loud and said, “Hahaha, your whip is useless, right? Have you forgotten how you were beaten by me in the God-Devil Battlefield and fled?”
Chen Ping looked at that Qi Peijia’s complacent appearance, although his heart was furious, there was nothing he could do about it, could he only use the Divine King Bow?
“Kid, although this Demon Descent is powerful, it is covered in weaknesses, this guy is really a waste, he hasn’t even learnt a hundredth of what the old man has learnt.”
At this time, that Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
As soon as Chen Ping heard that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had spoken, his heart was instantly delighted and he put away his Demon Drawing Whip!
“Senior, what are the weaknesses of this Demon Descent, tell me quickly and then talk about how to deal with this guy, I was just about to be killed.”
“If I die, you won’t even have a place to stay, someone else’s divine sense won’t be able to accommodate you!”
Chen Ping asked to that Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Holy sh*t, are you kid threatening me?” The Red Cloud Demon Monarch burst out!
“I don’t dare to dare, I’m just reminding senior.”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
“This Demon Advent is afraid of fire, don’t you have the Supreme Fire!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Senior, although this Demon Descent is afraid of fire, but if I attack it with fire, it will soon turn into a puddle of blood, and my Supreme Fire will lose its effect, and this blood will then coalesce again, and it will not be able to be annihilated at all.”
Chen Ping had used Supreme Fire against this humanoid monster when he was in the Divine Demon Battlefield, and it was simply useless!
It was only later that he used the Divine King’s Bow, and only then was he able to fight for a chance to escape!
“That blood water has no way to coalesce in once it enters the ground, can you understand what I mean?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord asked!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping nodded his head and said “Understand, understand ……”
With the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s guidance, Chen Ping’s confidence increased greatly.