“Chen Ping! You’ve gone too far!”
You Wuji roared in anger; a flash of madness appeared in his eyes. He knew deep down that if this continued, he would surely die. He bit his teeth hard and did not hesitate to burn his essence blood in exchange for a brief surge in power.
In an instant, the black qi around You Wuji surged several times over; his entire aura rose accordingly. The bone sword in his hand instantly grew to several zhang long; it carried a destructive evil qi as it swept horizontally towards Chen Ping.
Wherever it passed, the air was dyed black; it was as if even space was about to be devoured by this evil qi.
Chen Ping’s eyes turned cold; he showed no fear at all. “Petty tricks; how dare you show off in front of an expert?”
The divine dragon power in his body circulated wildly; the golden flames on the Dragon Slaying Sword burned fiercely and almost condensed into substance.
“Dragon Flame Break!”
Chen Ping shouted lowly and thrust forward fiercely.
A huge golden fire dragon roared out from the sword body; the fire dragon opened its massive mouth and spewed golden flames. It instantly devoured that evil qi; with unmatched might, it crashed harshly into the bone sword.
“Crack!”
The bone sword broke in response; the fracture was scorched black by the flames.
The fire dragon’s momentum did not diminish; it directly collided into You Wuji’s chest.
“Puff!”
You Wuji spat out a mouthful of black blood; when that blood fell to the ground, it produced “sizzle” sounds and corroded small pits into the white bones.
His body flew backwards like a kite with a broken string; he crashed heavily into the mountain wall and embedded into the rock. When he slid to the ground, he was already on his last breath and looked like he would not survive.
Chen Ping walked forward slowly; he placed the Dragon Slaying Sword against his throat. His eyes were as cold as frost. “Speak! Where exactly are the divine souls of the Hu clan?”
You Wuji coughed up a mouthful of blood foam; yet a weird smile appeared on his face. His voice was hoarse and mad. “They… they have long been refined into the purest divine soul pills and eaten by me… Hahaha… Your friend… will never find them…”
“You’re courting death!”
Murderous intent surged in Chen Ping’s eyes; with a swing of the Dragon Slaying Sword, a golden light flashed. You Wuji’s head soared into the air; the madness and triumph in his eyes froze. Then, along with his body, it turned into black qi and dissipated.
After dealing with You Wuji, Chen Ping turned his head to look towards Hu Mazi’s side.
At that moment, Hu Mazi was engaged in fierce battle with You Wuxie; he continuously formed seals with his hands. Talismans were thrown out one after another as if they cost nothing; there were needle rain talismans covering the sky, vine talismans that bound movement, and powerful thunder storm talismans.
The talismans exploded in the air; golden light, thunder light, and green light intertwined and trapped You Wuxie in the centre. They forced him to defend left and right clumsily.
Hu Mazi muttered incantations under his breath; spiritual power surged around his body. A huge talisman net composed of countless runes slowly unfolded behind him; the talisman net emitted a holy light and continuously purified the surrounding evil qi.
“You Wuxie! Pay with your life!”
Hu Mazi roared in anger; he pushed his hands forward fiercely. That huge talisman net instantly enveloped You Wuxie; at the same time, a crimson talisman appeared in his hand. The runes on the talisman leaped like flames.
“Incinerate Heaven Talisman!”
The talisman left his hand and instantly turned into a huge mass of flames; it cooperated with the talisman net to form a sealed space and trapped You Wuxie within.
The flames burned the evil qi and produced “crackle” sounds; You Wuxie’s screams came from within the flames. They sounded extremely shrill.
Although You Wuxie had recovered his flesh body and his cultivation had reached Earth Immortal realm eighth grade, in front of Hu Mazi, who had reached Earth Immortal realm ninth grade, he appeared overwhelmed.
Especially since Hu Mazi’s talismans specifically countered evil qi, it restricted him even more; his body was already covered with wounds. Black qi continuously overflowed from the wounds; clearly, he was at the end of his rope.
“Ah! I’ll fight you to the death!”
You Wuxie let out an unwilling roar from within the flames; the black qi around his body erupted suddenly. He forcibly tore open a gap in the talisman net.