At that moment, a Ge family servant hurriedly came to report, “Master, Miss, the young master of the Dong family, Dong Jiahao, is visiting, saying that he is looking for Miss!”
“Dong Jiahao? What does he want with me?”
Ge Jiayi frowned slightly!
“This Dong Jiahao is not bad, although he is a bit prodigal, but he is not a bad person ……”
Ge Fuhai smiled towards Ge Jiayi.
Ge Jiayi gave Ge Fuhai a white look, “Ignore you ……”
After saying that, Ge Jiayi walked towards the door.
She went to see what Dong Jiahao was looking for herself to do!
When Ge Jiayi reached the door, she found that Dong Jiahao was standing at the door, in a straight suit, as if he had dressed up on purpose.
“Dong Jiahao, what are you looking for me for?”
Ge Jiayi asked to Dong Jiahao.
Although Ge Chia-Yi had saved Dong Jia-Hao’s life in Extreme Joy City, it didn’t mean that Ge Chia-Yi liked Dong Jia-Hao!
For those gentry in Kyoto, Ge Jiayi didn’t have any eyes for them.
Seeing Ge Jiayi, a brilliant aura flashed across Dong Jiahao’s eyes!
“Miss Ge, I’ve taken the liberty to disturb you, I have something I want to say to Miss Ge!”
Dong Jiahao hurriedly approached Ge Jiayi and said.
“What’s the matter, just say it, why are you leaning so close?”
Ge Chia-Yi took a step back in disgust, displeased with Dong Jia-Hao’s frivolous look!
“Miss Ge, this is not the place to talk, let’s talk somewhere else!”
Dong Jiahao said with a smile.
“If you want to say it, say it, if not I’ll go back, I don’t have time for you to sell it ……”
Ge Jiayi said, turning around and going back.
“Miss Ge, it’s about Chen Ping, don’t you want to hear about it?”
Dong Jiahao suddenly said.
Once she heard about Chen Ping, Ge Jiayi stopped in her tracks, turned around and asked, “What’s up with Chen Ping? Did Chen Ping not die then?”
Seeing Ge Chia-Yi’s slightly anxious look, Dong Jia-Hao’s eyes revealed a bit of evil!
“Miss Ge, we’d better find a place and I’ll tell you slowly to prevent others from hearing it ……”
Dong Jiahao finished and opened the car door in a very gentlemanly manner!
Ge Jiayi hesitated, but finally sat on it.
The corners of Dong Jiahao’s mouth rose slightly, revealing an evil smile.
This kind of smile has never appeared on Dong Jiahao’s face before, but Ge Jiayi did not notice this.
………………
Extreme Bliss City, Chen Ping sat there with his knees crossed, the uncountable beast pills on the ground, but at this moment, they had already been reduced by most of them!
Along with the continuous reduction of beast pills, Chen Ping’s strength was also rapidly increasing.
At this moment, Chen Ping had already stepped into the second realm of YuanYing, although it was only a small realm increase, there was a qualitative change in his strength!
Slowly opening his eyes, looking at the large amount of beast pills that had disappeared from the ground, Chen Ping could not help but sigh, “This YuanYing realm cultivation requires such huge resources, so won’t it be even more difficult to cultivate in the future ……”
Looking at the large swath of beast pills still left in front of him, Chen Ping didn’t know when he would be able to absorb them all!
“I don’t know how much time has pa*sed, what exactly is the situation outside ……”
Chen Ping now had no more concept of time.
He didn’t know how long he had been here, and even less did he know what was going on outside!
He didn’t know if the Chinese New Year had pa*sed yet, but he had secretly resolved to save Su Yuqi and his own mother before the New Year, but now it seemed that he didn’t know if this wish of his would still come true.
However, when it came to this, Chen Ping could not just walk away and abandon these beast pellets in the face of the vast resources.
If these beast pellets could be taken with him, perhaps, but unfortunately, the space within his storage ring was not so large that he could not take all these beast pellets with him.
“I can only continue to cultivate first ……”
Chen Ping shook his head helplessly, then ran the Heart Condensation Skill and cultivated again.