Inside the Two Element Sect!
The Divine Ripple Ancestor and the Formation Demon were playing chess!
In front of them also lay an execution order from the Ten Temples!
“Senior brother, this fellow Chen Ping, how did he provoke someone from the Divine Hall in just a short period of time? And he even got this Ten Temples to issue a kill order.”
Formation Devil asked after putting down a piece!
“Didn’t you realise that there was a disturbance in the Heavenly Earth Formation, and the only one who can do that is that kid Chen Ping.”
“And projecting the time, that Heavenly Ascension Ladder is also going to appear, the Celestial Realm is going to be in chaos again, and at this time when the Ten Temples are issuing their execution orders, wouldn’t it be chaos on top of chaos!”
“Not to mention that the people of that Divine Hall are incredibly arrogant, how could they possibly spend money to do something, this time the execution order definitely carries the flavour of a conspiracy.”
The Godly Tattooed Ancestor said with a faint smile!
“Then what do we do? Not help that kid?”Formation Demon asked!
“Help? How can we help? You and I are crushed to death in our realms, how can we help him?”
Divine Ripple Ancestor asked!
The Formation Devil fell silent, this was not the Heavenly Realm, their strength was suppressed to death, for so many years instead of being able to increase their strength, they had regressed year after year, they now had no way to help even if they wanted to!
“Let’s see that brat’s own destiny, don’t care!”
The Divine Ripple Ancestor also played a piece, then said, “Your turn ……”
The two began to play chess, not paying attention to the matter of that Execution Order!
As for the many hidden forces in the Celestial Realm, all of them were subjected to this execution order at this moment, although some people doubted this execution order, but the temptation of 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones still made many people’s hearts flutter!
It was only that Chen Ping did not know about the Ten Temples Execution Order, and the ordinary cultivators of the Celestial Realm could not receive this Execution Order at all!
“Brother Chen, congratulations congratulations ah ……”
Yun Li walked into Chen Ping’s room and said with a smile on his face!
The smile on Yun Li’s face had grown since he had severed his life soul!
He was finally out of the control of the divine temple!
Finally, he could run around freely and could follow the people he liked!
“Brother Yun, what is there to congratulate?”
Chen Ping looked at Yun Li with some surprise, he didn’t understand what he had to be happy about!
“Just take a look and you’ll know ……”
Yun Li said, spreading a piece of white paper in front of Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw the contents on it, he froze, his brows furrowing in disbelief!
This was the Ten Temples’ execution order against himself!
One hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones?
“Your Ten Temples are too generous, can I be worth 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones?”
Chen Ping asked to Yun Li!
“Of course you’re not worth it, even if you were, there’s no way our Ten Temples would take out a hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones to hunt you down.”
“Don’t forget, our God Race are all superior races, how could we possibly use such tactics.”
Yun Li laughed!
“Isn’t this the execution order of your Ten Temples?”Chen Ping asked in surprise!
“Yes, but I’m certain that this would never be a kill order issued by my father.”
“There’s no way he could have taken out a hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, this should have been issued by someone else.”
Yun Li said!
“Someone else? Could it be that in your Ten Temples, other than your father, there is someone else who has this much power?”
Chen Ping was very puzzled, wasn’t this kind of thing something that only the Lord of the Ten Temples could do?
“My father’s power, is not as great as you think, otherwise I would not have to be locked up in the Ten Temples for hundreds of years.”
“This should be that my father saw that my life soul lamp was extinguished and mistakenly thought that I had been killed by you, so he sent someone to take revenge.”
“And this Execution Order must be the work of the person who was sent!”
Yun Li analysed!
“Then do you know who it could be that was sent?”Chen Ping asked!
“If my guess is right, the person sent must be that Huo Qing, because only he would dare to do such a thing!”
Yun Li’s eyes were clearly filled with hostility when he mentioned Huo Qing!