“Alliance Master, then what do we do next? Will we continue to send millions of people to capture that demonic cultivator?”
The Elder was scolded and his heart was not happy, but he did not dare to show it and could only ask in a low voice!
“Of course we have to capture it, if we let the demonic cultivator move around casually in the Northern Region, won’t our Demon Sealing Alliance’s face be lost?”
Zuo Tianzheng said with a face full of anger!
“Then I am sending some experts forward to capture that devil cultivator!”
The elder saw that Zuo Tianzheng was angry and thought of withdrawing!
“No need, I’ll make a trip myself, recently the Celestial Realm is getting more and more uneasy ……”
Zuo Tianzheng decided to run in person to see what kind of character this devil cultivator was!
…………
Boulder Village!
Xuan Bin several people are still waiting for the Demon Sealing Alliance’s people to come and give a show to the Boulder Village!
But after waiting left and right, they just didn’t come!
“Mr Chen, I’m afraid that this Demon Sealing Alliance doesn’t dare to send anyone, right?”
Xuan Bin said!
“Since they don’t dare to come, then we’ll take the initiative, the few of you split up and destroy all the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance in the Northern Domain.”
Chen Ping said to Xuan Bin!
“No problem, what about the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance in the other regions?”Xuan Bin asked!
“You guys don’t need to care, the other regions are a long way away, I’ll just have the others do it.”
“But you guys don’t get attached to the battle, hurry back quickly, I still have to take you guys to do great things!”
Chen Ping said to Xuan Bin!
“Good, we’ll set off here ……”
Xuan Bin set off with Zhou Tang and a few others!
The few people spread out and went straight to the various forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance in the Northern Domain!
Knowing that these people were all at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana Realm, dealing with these Demon Sealing Alliance forces in the Celestial Realm was like a child’s playground!
Looking at the backs of a few people, Chen Ping was also quite emotional, a few months ago, he was still facing danger at every turn in Boulder Village!
Subsequently being chased by the Demon Sealing Alliance, he was also hiding everywhere!
However, only a few months had passed, and he could already control the life and death of the Demon Sealing Alliance at will!
This feeling of controlling people’s lives and deaths was quite pleasurable!
After Xuan Bin and the others left, Chen Ping used the sound transmission jade slip to directly contact Xiao Yuanshan and asked him to bring people to destroy the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance in the Western Region!
At the same time, the Purple Flame Sect, Guanghan Palace, Blood Spirit Valley and other forces that had friendships with Chen Ping all launched attacks on the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance at the same time!
Within a short period of time, the five major regions of the Celestial Realm were all engaged in battle, and the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance began to be eliminated one by one!
Such a huge war was just a matter of Chen Ping’s words!
At this time, the Boulder Village was still calm as usual, the battles in all parts of the Celestial Realm had not affected this calm little mountain village!
“Brother Chen Ping, can you …… you really make the Demon Sealing Alliance disappear from the Celestial Realm with just one sentence?”
Pillar asked as he cautiously approached Chen Ping!
Ever since he had seen, the strength of those people Chen Ping had brought with him, Pillar had also become cautious in front of Chen Ping, and seemed to follow Chen Ping at a distance!
“Of course I can, just these few people I brought, just pull out one, can destroy the Demon Sealing Alliance, but it will take too long, I don’t want to wait!”
“You also cultivate well, you will definitely have great achievements in the future as well ……”
Chen Ping touched the pillar’s head and said with a doting face!
Pillar this child is actually quite smart, just a bad birth, in a place like Boulder Village, without resources to cultivate up, it is very difficult!
“En, I must become a pharmacist, then I’ll be able to make everyone in Boulder Village eat pills!”
Pillar nodded and said with a determined face!
“You can refine pills, but you must not desert your other cultivation either, as for the matter of cultivation resources, you don’t need to worry, I will have people send them regularly when the time comes.”
Chen Ping did not want the pillar to support bit a pharmacist!
Although pill masters were scarce and had a high status in the Celestial Realm, without sufficient strength, even a senior pill master might end up as a pawn for others!
“Good!”The pillar smiled!