One had to know that this matter of the Soulless Hall being a dog to the Demon Sealing Alliance was something that very few people knew about!
They did not understand how Chen Ping knew about this matter!
“What are you babbling about? You dare to humiliate our Soulless Hall, simply seeking death ……”
The man in black roared at Chen Ping!
There was no way he would admit that the Soulless Hall was a lackey of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Whether I am talking nonsense or not, you guys know best in your hearts, since you guys are from the Soulless Hall, even if you release the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, I can’t let you guys leave!”
Chen Ping said with cold eyes!
The Soulless Hall was also after Chen Ping, so how could Chen Ping let go so easily since he had encountered someone from the Soulless Hall!
What’s more, now that they were following the people from Spirit Beast Valley combined, they were not weak!
It was enough to deal with these guys from the Soulless Hall!
“Kid, it looks like you’re going to die with us ……”
The black-clothed man’s eyes were cold, and then a black Qi was slapped out from his hand!
This seemingly ordinary black qi contained a terrifying power that went straight towards Chen Ping!
A small cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm, the man in black couldn’t he couldn’t kill Chen Ping by striking with all his might!
“You dare …………”
Seeing this, Bai Shallow immediately shouted angrily!
Chen Ping, however, stopped Bai Shao, his eyes flickered coldly “You do not care, the district of the sixth grade of the Ferry Realm, I just try him ……”
Only to see golden light emerge from Chen Ping’s body, the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, instantly his entire body was covered in golden scales!
Boom!
That black aura blasted down, Chen Ping instantly struck two barriers, his entire body assuming a defensive stance!
However, the two barriers were instantly shattered when they came into contact with that black aura!
Immediately after that, it struck on top of Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body!
Chen Ping’s body retreated three steps in a row!
The golden scales on the Unbreakable Golden Body continued to fall off, and soon all of Chen Ping’s skin was revealed!
However, that black aura did not cause substantial damage to Chen Ping and soon slowly disappeared!
“Sixth grade of the Transition Realm, nothing more than that ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with disdain!
r> If it wasn’t for the corrosive nature of that black-robed man’s strand of black qi, it shouldn’t have been able to break Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body!
Seeing that he had not only failed to kill Chen Ping with his strenuous strike, he had not even injured Chen Ping!
The man’s heart immediately set off shocking waves!
It was important to know that Chen Ping was only a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, but he was a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm!
There was a difference of five small realms!
How could he not be killed?
The other people from the Soulless Hall were also looking at Chen Ping in shock at the moment, their eyes filled with incredulity!
“Put down the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast ……”
Chen Ping looked towards the woman in black and said with cold eyes!
“Hmph, just because you can resist my big brother’s palm doesn’t mean you can resist mine.”
“You hand it over when you say so, who do you think you are?”
The woman in black put down the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and was about to make a move on Chen Ping!
“A girl, so rude, it’s really time to clean up.”
Bai Shao snorted coldly, and instantly an aura burst out from her body!
Boom!
Before the woman in black could react, she felt a thousand pounds fall on her body, and with a plop, she fell to her knees!
“Sister ……”
Seeing this, the man in black shouted anxiously!
The woman in black, on the other hand, gritted her teeth and fought to get up, but she couldn’t move at all!
She, the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, was unexpectedly powerless in front of Bai Shao’s seventh rank of the Transition Realm!
“This Soulless Hall’s people, too weak, empty of realm cultivation, but no real skills ……”
Bai Shao could not help but let out a cold laugh!
Logically speaking, a Transitional Realm Sixth Grade would not be so weak that he would be suppressed by a Transitional Realm Seventh Grade cultivator with a casual breath!
It was only that the current Soulless Hall had become a lackey of the Demon Sealing Alliance, and no matter if it was resources or cultivation, it was already empty!
Although the black clothed man and the woman’s siblings, appeared to have a cultivation of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, but the strength that truly erupted was not high!
Bai Shao also sort of understood why this guy, Chen Ping, dared to not allow himself to make a move and resist that black-clothed man’s palm!