The terrifying aura surrounding Chen Ping also disappeared in an instant, which made Chen Ping a little surprised, and then looked at Zhao Liguo!
At this moment, Zhao Liguo’s eyes were staring at the ring on Chen Ping’s hand, and the reason he had stopped was because he had noticed the ring!
Seeing Zhao Liguo’s expression at this moment, Chen Ping frowned slightly, as if he thought of something, because at that time, that Lin Tianhu, Red Phoenix, they also had the same kind of expression when they saw his ring.
Soon, Zhao Liguo returned to his mind, and after his face changed slightly, he immediately returned to his normal self and said to Chen Ping, “Since you are a friend of Barging’s, forget about it today, come with me ……”
Zhao Liguo’s sudden change caused Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to freeze, they originally thought that Chen Ping would definitely die today, but they didn’t expect Zhao Liguo to stop!
Xuan Yuan Kai and Cheng Kun were also surprised, they couldn’t understand what medicine Zhao Liguo was selling in his gourd!
However, seeing Zhao Liguo’s change, Chen Ping was secretly relieved that what he had expected might be true.
“Yuqi, Ling’er, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping said to Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er.
The two girls followed behind Chen Ping, while Chen Ping followed behind Zhao Liguo, and together they walked towards the shore.
From time to time, Chen Ping and Su Yuqi turned back and looked at Xiao Ru, who had been turned into an ice sculpture, and the three of them could not tell how hard it was inside.
“Uncle Zhao ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai saw that Zhao Liguo was about to take Chen Ping away and immediately chased after him anxiously.
“Are you alright?”
Zhao Liguo asked coldly to Xuanyuan Kai.
“Uncle Zhao, this Chen Ping has eaten the dragon crystal, something that should have belonged to all of us, we all contributed our efforts in order to deal with that ice dragon, now that you are taking Chen Ping away, won’t the rest of us get nothing?”
Xuan Yuan Kai said.
“I’ll take him away, you have a problem with that?”
Zhao Liguo’s eyes narrowed slightly and an aura instantly enveloped Xuanyuan Kai.
Xuan Yuan Kai only felt his legs go weak and his entire body instantly sat down on the ground!
“No…… no comment!” Xuan Yuan Kai’s face was pale, but he still gritted his teeth and said, “Uncle Zhao, if you just take this Chen Ping away like this, I believe that my father, and Sect Master Cheng, will definitely come to the door to demand an explanation ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai was using his own father and Cheng Kun’s father to threaten Zhao Liguo.
“You dare to threaten me?” Zhao Liguo frowned, “Don’t think that just because you are a member of the Xuan Yuan family, I don’t dare to touch you, I can crush you to death with one finger right now, I’ll see if your Xuan Yuan family still dares to find me Shadowless Villa to go?”
After Zhao Liguo finished speaking, he directly waved his sleeve lightly, and Xuan Yuan Kai’s whole body directly flew backwards and fell heavily to the ground.
Although Zhao Liguo didn’t kill him, but this time, Xuan Yuan Kai was still hurt quite badly!
Zhao Liguo then looked at Cheng Kun and said, “I’m taking them away now, do you have a problem with that?”
Cheng Kun hurriedly shook his head and said, “What is Uncle Zhao doing, how dare we juniors have an opinion ……”
Cheng Kun didn’t dare to say anything even if he had an opinion at this moment, after all, Xuan Yuan Kai was a role model in front of him, he didn’t want to be seriously injured as well!
Zhao Liguo coldly snorted as his gaze swept over Qin Xiaoxian’s group not far away!
“Make yourself at home, Master Zhao, we wouldn’t dare to have any opinions ……”
Qin Xiaoxian waved his hands in fear when he saw Zhao Liguo looking over here.
Only then was Zhao Liguo satisfied and took Chen Ping away!
“Second brother, then Chen Ping just left, we don’t take revenge ah?”
Qin Xiaotian could not help but be anxious when he saw that Chen Ping had left in good health.
“Don’t worry, he won’t survive, that Shadowless Villa won’t be able to let him live either ……”
Qin Xiaoxian finished speaking and left with his men …………