Chen Ping was hiding in the shadows, and when he saw the girl’s face, he was astonished that this girl was the same girl that Qin Feng had handed to Gu Ling’er’s parents’ photo at that time!
And among the few people chasing the girl, Chen Ping also spotted a familiar figure, that was Bai Zhan Tang, whom he had just met!
“Yin Susu, give me the item and I can spare your father and daughter, and I can also have the Pill King’s Mansion do its best to cure your father’s illness!”
Bai Zhantang walked towards the girl and said indifferently.
“Bai Zhan Tang, don’t come over or I’ll break the jade pendant!” The girl said as she held up the object in her hand and stared at Bai Zhantang with a deadly stare.
When Bai Zhantang heard this, he really stopped in his tracks and said with a bit of tension on his face, “Say what you have to say, I can grant you whatever you want!”
“Bah, I won’t be trusting you, you have ruined my Yin family and still want to get my family’s ancestral jade pendant, I won’t let you get away with it!”
Yin Susu roared with anger in her eyes.
“Think about your seriously ill father, didn’t you come here just to have the Pill King’s House save your father? I can now order them to cure your father’s.”
Bai Zhan Tang said as his feet slowly were moving!
“I wouldn’t have come if I knew that the Pill King Mansion was a puppet of your Bai family, I would rather die than give you something!”
Yin Susu’s eyes were filled with determination, and she said with an expression that looked like she was ready to die.
Bai Zhan Tang frowned, but still calmly said, “You are misunderstanding me, it was the Qin family that broke your Yin family, not us at all, because of this, I let my sister dump that Qin Feng, you should hate that Qin family ……… …”
“Are all of you Bai family members so shameless?” Just as Bai Zhan Tang’s words fell, suddenly a few more people walked in from the alleyway.
The leader was none other than that Qin Feng, followed by several experts behind him as well!
“Qin Feng? Why are you here?” After Bai Zhan Tang saw Qin Feng, he looked a little surprised with a frown.
“Did you think that only your Bai family could guess that she would come here?”
Qin Feng said with a cold smile.
“Qin Feng, you’d better leave now, don’t forget whose territory this is, know that the Pill King Mansion is my Bai Family’s property, you want to compete with me here, do you have that qualification?”
Bai Zhan Tang threatened at Qin Feng.
“Are you threatening me? I’m not afraid, do you think that my Qin family has nothing in Jiangbei?”
As Qin Feng’s words fell, a middle-aged man with a four-sided face and thick eyebrows stepped out.
Chen Ping noticed that this middle-aged man’s looks actually followed that Jiang Zhengzhong with a slight resemblance!
“Jiang Zhengde?” Bai Zhantang looked a little surprised after seeing the visitor!
Only then did it dawn on Chen Ping, who was hiding in the shadows, that this man was Jiang Zhengzhong’s younger brother, Jiang Zhengde, no wonder he looked somewhat alike!
“Young Master Qin!” Jiang Zhengde walked towards Qin Feng and shouted respectfully!
Qin Feng, on the other hand, looked at Bai Zhan Tang with a smug face, “Now Jiang Zhengde has become my Qin family’s guest secretary!”
“Hahahaha, Qin Feng, what are you so proud of, don’t you know the news that Jiang’s family was destroyed a long time ago? A mere Jiang Zhengde, my Bai family doesn’t even care about it!”
Bai Zhan Tang laughed out loud.
“Of course I know, but Bai Zhan Tang, open your eyes and see, as far as the comparison of strength now, if I wanted to take that jade pendant, could you stop me?”
Qin Feng sneered!
Bai Zhan Tang’s smile froze on his face, although the number of people on both sides was about the same now, it was obvious that Qin Feng’s side was stronger!
Just as the two sides were facing each other, Chen Ping quietly arrived behind Yin Susu.
When Yin Susu felt someone approaching her, she opened her mouth to shout, but before she could do so, Chen Ping covered her mouth and leapt over the high wall and disappeared!