Luo Xiang was not stupid, he knew that Ning Zhi had told him this so that he could deal with Chen Ping.
Since Chen Ping was able to injure Ning Zhi, his strength must not be weak, and Luo Xiang would not be foolish enough to invite a powerful enemy to the Luo family for nothing.
However, if he were in the ring, Luo Xiang would really like to follow that Chen Ping and have a couple of moves.
He had originally thought that if he told Luo Xiang the secret of the Demon Tower, Luo Xiang would help him deal with Chen Ping.
Now, it seemed that he was still naive.
But then Ning Zhi sneered, turned around and headed out.
“Since Duke Luo won’t deal with that Chen Ping, then I’ll find someone else… I’m sure someone will have eyes for those treasures on Chen Ping’s body, the Dragon Crystal, the Storage Ring, and the Dragon Cutting Sword.”
“Especially the dragon crystal in his body, that is a fusion of two dragon crystals that have already produced the power of a divine dragon …………”
Ning Zhizhi said as he turned towards the outside.
“Wait a minute!” Luo Xiang suddenly called out to Ning Zhi.
“Is there anything else, Duke Luo?” Ning Zhi turned around and asked.
“All those things you just said are all owned by that Chen Ping? And that dragon crystal you mentioned, can it really produce the power of the divine dragon now?”
Luo Xiang asked with some disbelief.
“Of course, if Duke Luo doesn’t believe me, you can just look for a video of Chen Ping fighting on a martial arts forum, and you will definitely be able to see all of the things I mentioned.”
Ning Zhi nodded his head and said very firmly.
Luo Xiang looked at Ning Zhi and finally spoke, “Good, as long as that Chen Ping is still in Xichuan, there is absolutely no way he will be leaving.”
After Luo Xiang finished speaking, he directly greeted Luo Jiu in and ordered, “You immediately bring people to the Xichuan Valley Family Manor, guard that tower for me and forbid anyone from entering, from now on it will be my Luo Family’s place.”
“If you come across that Chen Ping, you’d better not start a conflict with him, I’ll arrive afterwards.”
Luo Xiang was afraid that this Luo Jiu was not a match for that Chen Ping, in that he would scare Chen Ping away by alarming the snake, if Chen Ping left, it would be difficult to find him in the future.
“As ordered!” Luo Jiu nodded his head.
Seeing this scene, Ning Zhi smiled and didn’t say anything else, but simply left.
He knew that under the great temptation, no one would be able to hold on to it.
After leaving the Luo family, a trace of ice coldness flashed in Ning Zhi’s eyes.
“Chen Ping, since what I can’t get, I won’t let you get, I’ll make everyone your enemy ……”
Ning Zhi laughed coldly in his heart.
Soon, an unsigned message suddenly appeared above the Martial Dao Forum, saying that Chen Ping had devoured the Ice Dragon and Inferno Dragon Dragon Crystals, and that the two Dragon Crystals had fused, causing Chen Ping to possess the power of a divine Dragon within his body.
This news instantly exploded on the Martial Dao Forum!
The legend that the Locked Dragon Island possessed an Ice Dragon and an Inferno Dragon was something that many people knew, and it was also something that many people knew that dragon crystals could help with cultivation and raise cultivation levels.
Only this was ultimately a legend, and in addition to the fact that the cultivation that dragon crystals could raise was not particularly obvious, and even the benefits that a dragon crystal could bring were not as good as a beast pill.
So no one was willing to take a disproportionate risk to get a dragon crystal.
This was also why at that time, Guo Wei was very dismissive of the dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body.
Now, knowing that two dragon crystals fused together could actually produce the power of a divine dragon, this instantly made many people remorseful.
Only these people did not know that even if they did swallow the dragon crystal and fused it, it would not produce the power of the divine dragon; this dragon crystal would only exert its strength when it was inside Chen Ping’s body.
For a while, many people in the martial arts world began to pay attention to Chen Ping, looking for his whereabouts, intending to take the Dragon Crystal inside Chen Ping for themselves.
At this moment, Chen Ping was still immersed in cultivation in the Devil Subduing Tower, and knew nothing about what was going on in the Martial Dao Forum.