“It’s not that the chickens are coming home to roost, but now in Kyoto, there would be no more Martial Arts Alliance.”
Chen Ping said unhurriedly.
After Chen Ping finished these words, instead of being shocked, those people around him all laughed out loud.
“Hahaha, you’re still too young, do you really think you’ve destroyed the Martial Dao Alliance?”
“Let me tell you, the Martial Alliance is just a front, if the other side wanted to keep the Martial Alliance, another Martial Alliance would have appeared in Kyoto right now.”
Man. Laughed loudly, with a bit of contempt in their eyes!
In their opinion, Chen Ping was still too young to understand anything, and even more so, he did not understand the dangers of society!
Chen Ping was not angry at the man’s contemptuous gaze, but smiled slightly and said, “If one appears, I will destroy one, if two appear, I will destroy a pair ……”
“What a big mouth, I really don’t know how you kid got the luck to get the flesh of a blood demon.”
“Rumor has it that you are the number one in the younger generation of the martial arts world, I happen to have an itch to try it out ……”
With that, the man opened his hand and a long sword appeared in the man’s hand, followed by a sword bursting up.
It went straight towards Chen Ping’s brow.
This is not a competition anymore, this is running to take Chen Ping’s life.
Chen Ping’s face instantly became incomparably cold!
The harsh sword maneuver stabbed at Chen Ping, while Chen Ping leaned his body back and slid out against the ground to dodge the sword!
The sword maneuver cut into Chen Ping’s chair, instantly shattering it to pieces!
Chen Ping flicked his hands to the ground and his body stood up straight away!
“You’re looking for death ……”
Chen Ping looked at the man coldly and said in an icy tone.
“Kid, this is the Demon Spirit Sect, don’t be so shameless, thinking that we are all scared?”
The man sneered, not caring in the least about Chen Ping’s threat.
“Deacon Lu, Mr. Chen is invited by the clan master, how can you behave like this?”
Seeing this, Zhou Jie hurriedly turned to the man and said.
“Zhou Jie, this is my business, no need for you to dictate, just punish me with the Sovereign yourself when the time comes, I want to teach this guy a few tricks today ……”
Deacon Lu simply did not listen to Zhou Jie’s advice, and then rushed towards Chen Ping again with his sword.
Chen Ping’s gaze faintly stared, he knew that this fellow had definitely received the patriarch’s authorization!
If, in the middle of the competition, he was defeated and injured, then the Demon Spirit Sect would have the upper hand in the negotiations and cooperation later on.
But if this Deacon Lu was unbeaten, the Demon Spirit Sect’s Patriarch would have other plans.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping no longer held back and grabbed his right hand forward, the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly appeared in his hand!
As soon as the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared, the entire hall shone with a burst of light.
Moreover, the aura emanating from the Dragon Cutting Sword made everyone feel astonished!
One had to know that Chen Ping’s Zang Long Sword had become much stronger after absorbing those sword spirits in the Asking Sword Sect.
At this moment, the sword spirit of the Zenglong Sword was already strong enough to withstand one side!
When Deacon Lu saw the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, he was also slightly stunned, but did not stop as the long sword in his hand stabbed directly at Chen Ping!
“Humph …………”
Chen Ping coldly snorted as the Dragon Chopper Sword swung in a smooth motion!
A dazzling sword aura instantly cut through the void and ruthlessly chopped on top of that Deacon Lu’s longsword!
Clang …………
After a crisp sound, Deacon Lu found that the longsword he was holding was directly chopped into two halves.
At this moment, that Deacon Lu was dumbfounded and looked on incredulously.
He knew that the longsword in his hand was also a treasure sword, forged for seventy-seven to forty-nine days, and could cut iron like mud!
But now it was easily severed by Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword.
While Deacon Lu was in a daze, Chen Ping’s sword qi did not stop there, and after cutting off the long sword in Deacon Lu’s hand, it reversed in a smooth manner.