As soon as the little man saw the few people walking over, he turned pale with fear!
He quickly said to Chen Ping, “This gentleman, you’d better get off, we can’t pull it, we won’t pull it ……”
The small man hurriedly told Chen Ping to get off the bus!
Chen Ping was astonished: “What’s wrong? Why aren’t you pulling?”
But before the little man could say anything, several big brawny men who came over arrived, and one of them, a big man with a full beard, picked the little man up instantly with one hand.
“Kid, pulling someone on my turf? Do you want to die?”
The big man with a full beard finished his sentence and smashed his fist into the little man’s face!
The little man was instantly hit with blood coming out of his mouth and nose, while the two companions watched and didn’t dare to move!
“Get down, all of you ……”
The big man with a full beard looked into the car and yelled at Chen Ping and the others.
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi was about to get out of the car, but was pulled back by Chen Ping, instead turning to Zhao Barging and saying, “Zhao Barging, go down and deal with it ……”
“Got it!”
Zhao Barging nodded, and then stepped out of the car!
But Zhao Barging had just gotten out of the car when he saw a beautiful silhouette rushing past him, followed by a miserable scream as the big man with a full beard, was directly kicked out!
“You guys, bullying people with your power, it’s so abominable ……”
Ge Chia-Yi looked at those big brawny men with a cold face and shouted coldly.
Seeing that Ge Chia-Yi had made her move, Zhao Beng could only look helplessly at Chen Ping, who beckoned Zhao Beng back to the car!
The big man with a full beard was kicked away by Ge Chia-Yi and was well and truly scared.
When he saw that he had been kicked off by a girl, an expression of surprise appeared on his face, but the surprise on his face was soon replaced by anger!
“Give me a go, arrest this little girl ……”
The big man with a full beard roared.
Soon, several other big, brawny men rushed towards Ge Jiayi.
“Don’t lay a hand on her ……”
Chen Ping reminded Ge Jiayi, he was afraid that Ge Jiayi wouldn’t be able to control herself and kill these people.
After all, they had just arrived here, they were unfamiliar with the place, and besides, these guys were not guilty to death!
Ge Chia-Yi nodded, and then threw a slap at each of the gang of brawny men who rushed up, and each of them was knocked to the ground, losing several teeth in their mouths.
With these men settled, Ge Jiayi said to the beaten little man, “Well, drive ……”
The little man, with a frightened look on his face, nodded his head repeatedly, then started the car and left!
On the road, the little man was always looking at the rear view mirror, watching Chen Ping!
Seeing that the little man was always looking at himself, Chen Ping asked, “Master driver, is there something wrong?”
Seeing Chen Ping ask this, the small man hurriedly panicked and said, “This gentleman, thank you so much for what you did just now.”
Chen Ping smiled, “It’s just a handful ……”
“This gentleman, are you …… martial artists?”
The small man asked.
Chen Ping didn’t hide anything and nodded: “Not bad, I didn’t expect you to know about martial artists!”
“Of course I know, there are quite a few martial artists here.”
The little man was excited to mention martial artists, it looked like he envied them.
But not everyone could become a martial artist.
And it was even harder to become an immortal cultivator!
On this journey, the little man followed Chen Ping and chatted about many things about martial artists.
When they arrived at the hotel, the little man didn’t charge Chen Ping for their fare!
After choosing a room at the hotel, a few girls didn’t want to rest and wanted to go for a stroll around. Chen Ping was afraid that the girls would cause trouble, so he asked Zhao Chuan to follow them!
Chen Ping also wanted to go out and familiarise himself with Ice Bear Island, but Hu Ma Zi didn’t want to go, he booked a single room at the hotel and started contacting women.
Chen Ping had no choice but to take Fan Jiang around with him.