“I’ve saved your life, ah, don’t you have anything to say to me?”
“What’s more, you’re already my man now, your woman is leaving you, so don’t you have anything to say.”
Lin Keting stared at Chen Ping and asked!
“Which imperial city are you the princess of?”Chen Ping asked!
“Is that all you have to say to me?”Lin Keting pouted her mouth and said, “I won’t tell you, my identity, my father won’t let me tell anyone.”
“I’m your man, can’t you tell me too?”
Chen Ping was somewhat speechless!
“Can’t, we don’t have any realities of husband and wife yet, what do you count as my man ah.”
“If you really want to be my man, then go and propose marriage to my father, it will only count if my father nods.”
Lin Ke Ting finished speaking and turned around to leave!
“Where am I going to find you? I don’t even know where you are.”
Chen Ping asked with some anxiety!
“I’ll tell you after!”Lin Keting said and left with those guards!
The Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping with a few doubts in their eyes!
“Kid, with this much skill you have, you still want to be our Missy’s man, don’t dream of it.”
“In the future, you’re afraid that you won’t have the chance to see our Missy, so let’s consider today’s matter a dream!”
After the left blind elder finished speaking, he turned around and disappeared into the void!
The Right Blind Elder also laughed coldly with disdain in his laughter and disappeared with him!
Until Lin Ke Ting and these people all disappeared, Chen Ping did not even know which imperial city’s princess Lin Ke Ting was!
Who exactly are these people?
Making it too mysterious!
“Let’s go, they’ve all disappeared ……”
Zhu Qingxiu saw that Chen Ping was still staring stupidly, so she said with some dissatisfaction!
“Go ……” Chen Ping was a little embarrassed!
He had originally accompanied Zhu Qingxiu to search for the Divine Muscle Grass, but was delayed by the sudden appearance of the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Chen Ping and the few others reentered the Germanium Lu Mountain and started searching for the Divine Muscle Grass!
Chen Ping’s few people reentered the Germanium Lu Mountain and started searching for the Divine Muscle Grass!
Zhu Qingxiu searched very earnestly, because only the Divine Muscle Grass would allow her to restore her appearance!
“Let’s search separately, this Germanium Locust Mountain is so huge, it’s not a solution to keep searching like this.”
“I will give you guys sound transmission jade slips, whoever finds it, contact them immediately.”
Chen Ping knew that if they searched like this, they would not be able to find that Divine Muscle Grass until the year of the monkey!
The only way to have a better chance was to search separately!
Fortunately, the cultivators in this Eastern Region were generally not very strong, so there was no need to worry too much!
“Good!”Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu all nodded!
After giving the two of them the Voice Transmission Jade Slip, the three of them then separated to search for the Divine Muscle Grass!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping ……”
Just as Chen Ping was concentrating on searching for the Divine Muscle Grass, suddenly Lin Keting’s voice rang in his ears!
Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly looked back, but he did not find Lin Keting’s figure at all!
But he had clearly heard Lin Keting’s voice!
“Miss Lin, where are you?”Chen Ping was surprised and asked!
“I’m on my way home ah ……,” Lin Keting said!
Chen Ping was even more confused, he did not understand how he heard Lin Keting’s voice.
There was no sound transmission jade slip between them either ah?
“You are on your way home, how are you able to transmit sound to me?”
Chen Ping asked!
“I won’t tell you!”Lin Keting said with a smile!
At this moment, on the back of Chen Ping’s neck, a faint Lin character was flashing!
This was the branding that Lin Keting had written down for Chen Ping when he was in the Divine Demon Battlefield!
It did not do any harm to Chen Ping’s body, it was only used as a link!
Lin Keting knew that she and Chen Ping would have to separate sooner or later, so using this method would allow her to be in contact at any time, and Lin Keting would also be able to know where Chen Ping was at any time!
Only, Chen Ping himself did not notice!