“This …………”
Zheng Xun was embarra*sed by the question and didn’t know how to answer Zhou Zhiqian, he couldn’t admit that he had misrepresented the price, right?
At this moment, Shen Lang could see Zheng Xun’s embarra*sment, so he hurriedly said, “Uncle Zhou, it must be that Dean Zheng was cheated by his friend, although the price you sold the Small Returning Pill was not high, but maybe it was his friend who raised the price privately ……”
Shen Lang’s words instantly gave Zheng Xun a step to take and immediately nodded, “Yes, it must be my friend who cheated me, I will definitely settle the score with him.”
Since Zheng Xun had said so, Zhou Zhiqian could not say anything else.
“Uncle Zhou, could it be that this Little Returning Pill, was really refined by this Mr. Chen?”
Shen Lang asked incredulously.
Since the Little Returning Pill was sold by Zhou Zhiqian, then he knew best the origin of the Little Returning Pill.
“Of course, under the universal sky, except for Mr. Chen, I am afraid that no one can refine the Little Returning Pill ……”
Zhou Zhiqian nodded his head and said.
However, this was something that made Chen Ping a little embarra*sed, the Small Returning Pill was the most basic pill, and I was afraid that any immortal cultivator with some cultivation level would be able to refine it, now that Zhou Zhiqian was directly boasting him like this, it somewhat made Chen Ping embarra*sed.
“Boss Zhou, I know that this art of alchemy is not something that can be learned overnight, this young man looks like he is only in his early twenties, even if he learned it from his mother’s womb, I’m afraid he wouldn’t be able to practice a pill like the Little Returning Pill, right?”
Although the Little Returning Pill was sold by Zhou Zhiqian, Zheng Xun still did not believe that Chen Ping could refine the Little Returning Pill.
After all, Chen Ping was too young, in Zheng Xun’s eyes, Chen Ping was just a child yet.
“I don’t really believe it either, how high can a person so young, who really learns from inside his mother’s womb, be capable of medical skills? And be able to refine pills?”
Shen Wanfu also didn’t quite believe that Chen Ping had the ability to refine pills.
“I’ll write a prescription now, you guys follow it and grab the medicine, I’ll just refine one for you directly ……”
Chen Ping did not have the time to follow these people and consume them, so he wanted to refine pills on the spot to convince these people.
“That would be best ……”
Zheng Xun’s eyes lit up, being able to see the Xiao Hui Dan refining method with his own eyes, Zheng Xun was excited, knowing the prescription and knowing the refining method, Zheng Jun was confident that he could also create the Xiao Hui Dan himself.
Soon, Chen Ping wrote the prescription, and Shen Lang sent someone to get the herbs according to the prescription. There were a dozen herbs in total, and they were soon ready, after all, they were all ordinary herbs that could be bought inside every pharmacy.
“Young man, the herbs have been bought, how are you going to refine them? If you need to boil it, I can personally give you a hand ……”
Zheng Xun wanted to help Chen Ping refine the pills himself, so that he could learn the method of refining pills more intuitively.
“No, I don’t need to boil my pills for refining ……”
Chen Ping said, his fingers suddenly pinching, followed by a green flame dancing on Chen Ping’s fingers.
This time, but the others were stunned, thought Chen Ping can magic, after all, are ordinary people, except on the stage of magic, seen rubbing the finger can emerge from the fire, have not seen under the stage.
The flame in Chen Ping’s hand became more and more intense, and the temperature inside the whole hall also rose, while everyone watched quietly, wanting to see how Chen Ping actually made the pills.
Even Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng were attentive, although they knew of Chen Ping’s skills, they had never seen him refine pills with their own eyes.
The flames instantly surrounded the herbs, and the turquoise flames instantly ignited the herbs, but not the other things in the room.
These seemingly flaming things are actually just the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body, and it is impossible to ignite anything else at all, it is all under Chen Ping’s control.