‘Senior brother, I have already thought about it, sooner or later, my body will be spoilt by that Huo Dong.’
‘Instead of giving my innocence to that Huo Dong, I might as well give it to Senior Brother.’
After Qian Xiu finished speaking, she even relied on Chen Ping’s shoulder, and the pyjamas on her body began to slip off!
Chen Ping was instantly flustered!
He did not expect Qian Xiu to have this idea!
‘Elder sister, don’t worry, as long as I’m here, I won’t let that Huo Dong have his way, hurry up and put your clothes on.’
Chen Ping twisted his head, not daring to look at that Qian Xiu!
Seeing Chen Ping’s expression, Qian Xiu’s tears flowed out, very aggrieved, ‘I know you dislike me for being ugly, I am not as good looking as Senior Sister Zhu Ling.’
‘You’ve seen Senior Sister Zhu Ling, you can’t even look at me anymore, at that time, when Senior Sister Zhu Ling was naked in front of you, you were staring without blinking.’
‘But now, you don’t even look at me ……’
When Chen Ping heard this, his head went big, he didn’t know, who actually spread the word that he was looking at Senior Sister Zhu Ling’s body?
It must be that Wei Qing, because it was impossible for Elder Yu to say!
Then it was only Wei Qing, it should be Wei Qing who told Qian Xiu so that Qian Xiu would die to Chen Ping, in that case, Wei Qing would have a chance!
‘Senior sister, don’t listen to other people’s nonsense, where have I seen senior sister Zhu Ling’s body, I even beat senior sister Zhu Ling up today.’
‘In my eyes, women are all the same, there is no such thing as pretty or not, senior sister, don’t misunderstand!’
Chen Ping turned his head and could only fumble to help Zhu Ling put her clothes on!
‘What do you mean?’
Qian Xiu froze, staring at Chen Ping with some incomprehension, ‘In your eyes, women are all the same? There is no difference between pretty or not?”
‘Right!’ Chen Ping nodded!
Qian Xiu came to a sudden realisation, then violently stood up from the bed, ‘Senior brother, could it be that you …… could it be that you are the same ………… ”
‘Sorry to bother you …………’
Qian Xiu did not finish his words and ran outside in a hurry!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that Qian Xiu had misunderstood himself and was about to open his mouth to explain, but stopped!
Misunderstanding is misunderstanding, otherwise Qian Xiu will pester herself all day long, making Chen Ping annoyed as well!
After Qian Xiu left, Chen Ping tidied up his clothes and then went to find Zhu Ling!
Chen Ping held his breath, he couldn’t let others find out that he went to Zhu Ling’s mansion in the middle of the night!
Last night, Chen Ping himself did not know what happened, but he was not discovered by the guards and entered Zhu Ling’s mansion!
When he went there in the middle of the day, there were layers of guards!
At this moment, Zhu Ling was sitting in the courtyard, quietly waiting for Chen Ping!
She did not know why, since Chen Ping beat her during the day, she could not forget Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s figure always appeared inside her mind!
At this moment, she was actually a little impatient to see Chen Ping inside!
Looking at the sky, Zhu Ling was a little anxious, ‘This guy, he won’t come, right?’
‘Senior Sister Zhu Ling is so anxious to see me?’
At this moment, Chen Ping’s voice rang out!
Zhu Ling hurriedly got up and saw Chen Ping walk in, then said with a cold face, ‘Who is anxious to see you, I just don’t want to owe you a bet.’
“Is that so? Why do I see that senior sister’s face is red?”
Chen Ping laughed!
‘Don’t talk nonsense, who is blushing, let’s go quickly, we must return before dawn!’
Zhu Ling gave Chen Ping a blank look and then walked out of the courtyard!
Chen Ping on the other hand followed behind Zhu Ling, he was unfamiliar with this place and did not dare to walk around freely!
‘In front is where my father is locked up, to see him, apart from avoiding the guards, there are also several formations that you have to secretly break through before you can see him.’
‘You mustn’t run around, if you touch the formations, then we will have lost all our efforts!’
Zhu Ling reminded Chen Ping!
‘Senior sister, I didn’t realise that you even know about formations, you are really beautiful and versatile!’
Chen Ping complimented behind Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling blankly glanced at Chen Ping, but in her heart, she said, ‘Where do I know about formations, but I have formation discs that Elder Cui gave me before.’