“Senior brother, it’s over, don’t have any more expectations, I really didn’t expect the power of the Eight Qian Desolate Ruler to be so tremendous, the ultimate demonic beast summoned can easily crush us!”
The Second Elder said with a face full of triumph!
The Third Elder didn’t move, he didn’t believe that Chen Ping would die so easily, but now he couldn’t even see Chen Ping’s figure, if it wasn’t ashes to ashes, what was it?
“Mr. Chen is not dead ……”
At this point Nie Heng slowly spoke up!
He knew that Chen Ping wasn’t dead because his life-soul was in Chen Ping’s hand, if Chen Ping had died, then he would have been a corpse by now, but now he was fine at all, so that proved that Chen Ping wasn’t dead!
“Not dead? Then where is he?”
The Third Elder hurriedly asked!
But at that moment, someone suddenly shouted, “Look, what is that?”
The crowd hurriedly looked, and saw a golden meteor coming from the sky, as if it was coming from the sky, as fast as it could!
But when the golden light came closer, the crowd realised that it was a person.
“Mr. Chen, that’s Mr. Chen …………”
Fang Shu shouted excitedly!
Only to see Chen Ping, dressed in golden armour, hovering in mid-air, except that his face was a little ugly and there was blood at the corner of his mouth, obviously wounded!
But under that terrifying blow just now, Chen Ping was still alive, which shocked everyone!
In an instant, everyone was silent ……
Countless people grew their mouths in shock, knowing that even the Third Elder and Second Elder might not be able to resist that strike just now, but Chen Ping, a cultivator of the Realm of Transformation, had resisted it!
Kuang Biao looked at Chen Ping in front of him, his original complacency instantly disappeared and was replaced by a face full of surprise!
He couldn’t believe that Chen Ping hadn’t died, not only had he not died, he didn’t even look seriously injured!
“You …… you actually didn’t go up in smoke?”
Kuang Biao asked in shock!
“A tiny demonic beast, you also want to make me go up in smoke? It’s a joke!”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, acting disdainful!
“Humph, you don’t need to pretend, you are already injured now, I don’t believe that if I give you a blow, you can still withstand it ……”
Kuang Biao said, about to let the ultimate demonic beast deal Chen Ping a blow!
This blow, he was sure that he would not be able to resist it!
Chen Ping put away his Dragon Cutting Sword and even his Unbreakable Golden Body, facing the attack of the Ultimate Demonic Beast, Chen Ping knew that there was no way for these things to resist!
At this moment, Chen Ping slowly closed his eyes, and the Dragon Crystal on his chest began to flicker continuously!
“Kill him for me ……”
Kuang Biao commanded the demonic beasts and instantly charged towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, the Third Elder’s face changed violently, he also knew that Chen Ping was injured and definitely could not withstand this blow, so he got up violently and rushed to the stage to save Chen Ping!
The Second Elder seemed to be on guard for something, and just as the Third Elder moved, the Second Elder fiercely reached out and grabbed the Second Elder’s wrist!
“Senior brother, what are you doing there? Why aren’t you here to watch the show properly?”
The Second Elder asked at the Third Elder!
“We’ve already split the winner, so I don’t think we need to kill everything, right? I hope we can stop now!”
The Third Elder said!
“Stop?” The corner of the Second Elder’s mouth raised “How can we stop, the Ring of Life and Death was proposed by you, now you want to back out, it’s too late ……”
“Senior brother, we are from the same clan, is there a need for a life and death match? I hope ……”
“Stop the f*cking nonsense, sit properly for me, if you dare to make a move, then don’t blame me for being ungracious.”
The Second Elder didn’t wait for the Third Elder to finish, his face went cold and he said!
The third elder looked above the ring, Chen Ping was not moving, not even defending, and knew that Chen Ping had completely given up resistance, so he said anxiously “Senior brother, in that case, then I will not be polite ……”
In order to get Chen Ping, the third elder could only make a move!
The third elder slapped his palm at the second elder, hoping to force the second elder back.