“Big …… Brother, our cruise ship has just one pa*senger, counting our staff, there are only fifteen …… people.”
The staff member stammered.
Slap!
Only to see the pirate give the staff member a fierce slap.
“Paralyzed, who are you fooling? A cruise ship of this size and one pa*senger out at sea?”
The pirate clearly did not believe it.
The staff member was slapped, his mouth was full of blood, and he said with an aggrieved face, “Brother, really, there is really only one pa*senger, if you don’t believe me, you can check ……”
Seeing this, the pirate gave a wink towards the other pirates, and those pirates ran straight away to check.
Soon, all the staff were herded onto the deck, and at that moment, Chen Ping was inside a room, kneeling down and cultivating.
Bam ……
Suddenly there was a loud bang and the door to the room was kicked open viciously.
Chen Ping’s eyes snapped open and before Chen Ping could move, two brightly shining knives were already at Chen Ping’s neck.
“Don’t move, move and I’ll cut you to death ……”
Chen Ping swept two glances at the people who barged in, all wearing black clothes, their auras emanating from their bodies, all with the strength of a Zong Shi.
Originally, Chen Ping wanted to make a move, but sensing that these two people were only tiny Zong Shi, Chen Ping gave up his intention to make a move.
He knew that these people were definitely not here to find him, after all, no one would send two people of Zong Shi strength, to find themselves.
Wouldn’t that be the same as sending them to their death.
“Two big brothers, who are you? What do you want, just tell me, just don’t hurt me!”
Chen Ping asked, pretending to be afraid.
“We are the pirates of Skull Island, fall into our hands, you just admit your own bad luck!”
One of the pirates finished, picked Chen Ping up and went above deck.
“Chief, there’s really only one pa*senger ……”
After reaching the deck, one of the pirates said to the pirate whose chest was a red skull.
Looking at the dozen or so cowering people in front of him, the pirate with the red skull on his chest frowned.
“D*mn, what a bad luck!” After cursing, he then said, “That’s it, take them all back.”
“Chief, these guys are all ordinary people, not a single martial artist, I don’t know if the boss will be angry when we get back?”
A pirate asked cautiously.
“Let’s talk about it when we get back!”
The pirate with the red skull on his chest waved his hand impatiently.
Soon, the cruise ship started up and travelled up towards the sun.
Chen Ping and the others were locked back up inside a room, and those staff inside were all shaking in fear, some of them were even crying.
Only Chen Ping looked out of the window at the endless sea with a bemused expression.
Chen Ping was somewhat puzzled as to why, as a Patriarch, he had fallen into piracy.
Although the strength of a clan master was nothing in the martial arts world of some metropolitan cities, it was a formidable existence in some small cities of the third or fourth tier.
Just like South China City, small cities like Hongcheng, although the economy is developed, there are not many martial artists in the martial arts world, and even fewer clan masters.
Patriarch strength to go to such a small place, that is also admired, how would run to the sea and become a pirate?
After driving for an indeterminate amount of time, a small island slowly appeared in the view of the crowd.
The island was small, with bare rocks everywhere and hardly any vegetation to be seen.
As they approached, Chen Ping was herded onto the speedboat and then sailed towards the island.
After ascending the island, it was filled with animal skeletons scattered everywhere.
Amongst these skeletons, however, Chen Ping was keenly aware that there were actually quite a few human skeletons.
Only these skeletons were missing the skulls.
And there was a strong smell of blood on this island.