When he came to the Sheng family, the door of the Sheng family was closed!
Looked at the closed door, white shallow some puzzled “this Sheng family in Fancheng is also considered a mansion, how to sleep early to close the door?”
“According to should not ah, so big family, can not close so early ah, really strange.”
Ji Yun also felt very strange!
It’s not too late in the day, but the Sheng Family’s doors are closed, this is somewhat abnormal!
“Ji Yun, go knock on the door and take a look ……”
Chen Ping also frowned slightly and asked Ji Yun to go knock on the door!
He wanted to see why this Sheng family was closed so early, if something had happened!
Ji Yun went up to knock on the door and knocked for a long time before the door of the room was opened from the inside!
“Knock knock knock, knock what ah, what kind of people are you, knocking on our Sheng family’s room door indiscriminately?”
A young man who didn’t look too old roared with a face full of anger!
Seeing that the other party’s face was full of anger as soon as he opened the door, and his tone of voice was still off, Ji Yun was also instantly enraged!
“What’s wrong with knocking? You Sheng family room door knock not?”
Ji Yun disliked back with an icy face?
The youth froze and was about to open his mouth to curse, but Chen Ping quickly stepped forward and said with a smile on his face “Fellow Daoist, we are here to look for your family head, my name is Chen Ping, please inform us ……”
Chen Ping thought that as long as this gatekeeper told Sheng Bushi his name, Sheng Bushi would definitely come to greet him personally!
But who knows that the youth waved his hand and said “Our family master is in seclusion, no one is visible ……”
“Closed?” Chen Ping’s face was full of surprise, how long had this only come out of the Divine Demon Battlefield, and how did he go into seclusion?
“Then I’ll look for Sheng Jiayue, Sheng Jiahui siblings are fine ……”
Chen Ping felt that Sheng Bushi was closed, then Sheng Jiaoyue and Sheng Jiahui siblings were always there!
“The two of them are also closed ……”
The youth said impatiently!
“Closed down as well?” Chen Ping was astonished, how could these siblings also be in seclusion?
At this moment, Chen Ping’s brows had furrowed!
“Then where is the Grand Elder? It’s fine for me to look for the Grand Elder.”
Chen Ping continued to ask!
He didn’t believe that the few people he knew were all in seclusion!
“The Grand Elder is not in seclusion, but the Grand Elder has something to do and is not in right now.”
“You guys better go, come back after some time!”
The youth waved his hand, then impatiently was about to close the door!
Chen Ping put a hand against the door and did not let the youth close it!
“What are you going to do? I have said for you to come back after some time, if you don’t leave, don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
The youth’s face was gloomy and said!
“I’m going to f*ck you, who are you being impolite to?”
“You’re a f*cking watchdog, daring to talk after Mr Chen like this, you’re simply tired of living!”
Ji Yun stepped forward and kicked the youth to the ground!
After following Chen Ping for this period of time, Ji Yun had already changed a lot, but now this youth’s attitude had really made Ji Yun unable to tolerate it anymore!
Chen Ping also did not blame Ji Yun, this youth also really owed it to him!
The youth climbed to his feet and stared angrily at Ji Yun and Chen Ping “You dare to strike in our Sheng family, simply against you, come on people ah, someone wants to break in ……”
Along with the youth’s shout, an old man soon swarmed in with a dozen or so cultivators!
“What’s going on? Who dares to break into my Sheng Family?”
The old man asked with a face full of anger!
The gatekeeper youth pointed at Chen Ping and Ji Yun and said “Second Elder, it’s them, I’ve said that the family head is in seclusion, but they’re about to barge in ……”
The second elder sized up Chen Ping and Ji Yun, his eyes filled with disdain!
Ji Yun a Harmonisation Realm, Chen Ping a First Grade of the Transition Realm, this kind of realm, even if their Sheng Family was skilled in arts and talismans, they were still much stronger than Ji Yun and Chen Ping in terms of their cultivation realms!
“Who are you people? Why did you force your way into my Sheng Family? If you can’t give me a convincing reason, then don’t blame me for being impolite.”
The second elder snorted coldly and said.