After all, Xin Pengfei has been famous for a long time and was the most talented person in the younger generation very early on.
All kinds of haloes were added to his body and he had countless fans!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, has only recently gained some popularity.
“I’m so looking forward to it, Brother Fei can follow that Chen Ping in a match, so we can know who is powerful.”
This one sentence, once again, instantly set the entire forum ablaze.
“Yes, yes, let them have a match, so we won’t know who is powerful.”
“Brother Fei has been famous for many years, he was already a half-step Martial Marquis a year ago, why would he need to compete with that Chen Ping?”
“I think that Chen Ping is quite capable, if Xin Pengfei doesn’t dare to compete, he’s probably just scared and afraid of falling from the altar.”
This time, two people who were originally unrelated were instantly made into enemies by those on the forum.
Looking at the increasingly out-of-control comments on the forum, Xin Pengfei’s face behind the screen was incomparably gloomy.
For a whole year, he had only just advanced from Half-step Martial Marquis to the Martial Marquis realm after a year of seclusion.
Having reached this realm, Xin Pengfei was eager to find someone to have a fight with, to establish his authority in the process, to let everyone know that he was still very strong after not seeing him for a year.
And now, Chen Ping was the best person to practice with him.
“I will set up a ring and compete with that Chen Ping at the time of the Yangtze year, and it will be out of my control if he dares to answer the fight then.”
After finishing on the forum, Xin Pengfei turned off his computer.
Soon, the news of Xin Pengfei setting up a ring to challenge Chen Ping spread.
Only, at this time, Chen Ping did not even know about it.
He did not expect that he would have an additional enemy for no reason.
At this moment, Chen Ping was on his way to Kyoto.
Chen Ping originally thought that there would be a lot of resistance on his way to Kyoto, after all, many clans and families were watching him intently.
But to Chen Ping’s surprise, the journey was surprisingly quiet.
There was no one to sneak up on Chen Ping.
Even Luo Xiang of the Luo family in the north of the desert seemed to have no news.
But Chen Ping did not know that at this time, Luo Xiang had already arrived in Kyoto for many days.
It was only that he had not heard from Chen Ping.
However, when he knew that Chen Ping had decapitated even the Sky Destruction Sect’s Sect Master, he was obviously much more cautious.
On this day, Luo Xiang found the Ning family in Kyoto!
To deal with Chen Ping, Luo Xiang needed the Ning family’s help.
Although Luo Xiang had some problems following Ning Zhi, he believed that the enemy of an enemy was a friend.
Ning Zhi also hates Chen Ping, and as long as their two families unite, Chen Ping will definitely die!
But Luo Xiang had been at the Ning family for an hour and had been drinking tea in the living room, but not a single steward of the Ning family had shown up.
Ning Zhi had even failed to show up.
“Eldest Young Master, this Ning Family is obviously not giving you face, so why should we still wait here?”
One of the subordinates behind Luo Xiang said in an uneven voice.
“That Ning Zhi is deliberately hanging me out to dry, I know that, but those who achieve great things do not stick to small things, we will just wait here!”
Luo Xiang picked up his cup of tea, blew gently on it and began to continue drinking it.
It was already unknown how many cups he had drunk.
And at the back of the living room, Ning Zhi looked at this Luo Xiang quietly through the doorway.
The Ning family did not follow the Luo family, and when they were in Xichuan, Luo Xiang did not give any face.
Now that they were in Kyoto, Ning Zhi wanted to give Luo Xiang a head start.
Originally, Ning Zhi thought that Luo Xiang could not stand this humiliation and would leave of his own accord, but he did not expect that it had already been an hour and Luo Xiang was still sitting there.
“Young master, do you want me to drive them away?”
Ning’s housekeeper, whispered to Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi waved his hand, “No, since this Luo Xiang is so sincere, then I will meet him.”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, he straightened his clothes and then walked out.
“I didn’t know that Mr. Luo was here, sorry to welcome you ……”
Ning Zhi walked to the living room, and then said with a smile on his face.