The sound of the whistling wind blew the face raw!
Chen Ping curiously tried to open his eyes, but was grabbed by Huang Pazi’s wrist: “Don’t open your eyes ……”
Hearing Huang Ma Zi’s advice, Chen Ping then put away his curiosity.
I don’t know how long it took before Chen Ping felt his feet hit the ground and the sound of wind in his ears disappeared.
“You can open your eyes now ……”
Huang Ma Zi said.
Only then did Chen Ping slowly open his eyes, and when he did so, his entire body was instantly stunned.
Only to see the scenery in front of him change drastically, mountains and rivers, green trees, as if he had arrived in another place!
“What the …… hell is this place?”
Chen Ping was filled with astonishment, he couldn’t believe that what he saw in front of him could be a mausoleum!
It was clearly a world, a different world!
Huang Pazi did not answer Chen Ping, but quickly climbed up a hill and let his eyes look around, and at this moment Huang Pazi’s face also carried a strong look of shock.
Seeing that Huang Pazi did not say anything, Chen Ping asked again, “Is this the tomb of that real person you were talking about?”
“The pattern here is not small.” Huang Ma Zi muttered in shock.
“What pattern is not small?” Chen Ping next to him froze for a moment, a little unsure.
Although Chen Ping also knew something about tomb raiding and cave hunting, this skill of his was stretched to the limit here.
It wasn’t obvious yet what the pattern was here.
And how could such a scene not be a*sociated with a mausoleum?
Huang Ma Zi smiled faintly and pointed with his hand, “Look here.”
“The mountains are overlapping here, clearly someone has deliberately arranged them, using the mountains as a source and the water as a pattern!”
“The mountains and the water are at each other’s throats, there are very few people who can do this kind of tactic anymore.”
“Moving mountains and reclaiming land, such a masterstroke, an ordinary real person couldn’t do it.”
“It seems that the owner of this tomb must also be an occultist, otherwise he would definitely not be able to do this, it seems that he has met his peers this time!”
Huang Puzi’s eyes were shining.
Chen Ping followed what Huang Puzi pointed out and took a look this way, before he felt a hint of shock, this scene was not small, after Huang Puzi nudged him, Chen Ping could then see some clues.
A moment later, Huang Ma Zi suddenly let out a sigh, “It’s a pity that this piece of landscape has been in place for too long, the power of heaven and earth laid down here has gradually dulled.”
“This will almost dissipate, otherwise with this piece of landscape potential, it wouldn’t be a problem to help you and I cultivate into real people.”
But even as the power of heaven and earth here gradually dissipated, Chen Ping still felt the pure spiritual qi constantly drilling inside his body.
“Come on, let’s go find out where the tomb is ……”
Huang Ma Zi said and began to walk forward.
Chen Ping followed closely behind Chen Ping, such a shocking scene made Chen Ping’s heart both excited and scared.
To be able to lay out such a tomb, how could there be no machine spirit beasts to protect it?
So what he was going to face next, Chen Ping had no idea in his heart.
Faced with all this before him, Chen Ping realised how small his strength was now.
Chen Ping followed Hu Puzi for half an hour, running his Heart Condensation Technique as he walked, absorbing the pure spiritual energy around him.
By this time, the two were quite deep into this mountain range, thanks to the fact that this mountain and water situation had failed.
Otherwise, one would not be able to feel the southeast and northwest even if one were to go around for a year here.
Suddenly, Hu Ma Zi stopped and looked at the mountain peak in front of him with both eyes, “That should be it up ahead.”
“Hm?” Chen Ping froze, and immediately afterwards, he also looked at the mountain peak in front of him.
In the distance, he saw a mountain peak that had been cut open in the middle and cut into a four-sided altar, facing in the right direction, surrounded by sublime mountains, and on the “altar”, there was silence and terror.