“Let’s hurry up and go, if we run into others before, it’ll be troublesome.”
Sheng Bushi urged!
Right now, they all had injuries, and Chen Ping himself was in a continuous battle, so it would be troublesome if they were to come in someone else!
“Alright, let’s go quickly ……”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder nodded his head and said!
Chen Ping led a few people towards Fancheng once again, but just after taking a few steps, hundreds of people came volubly on their face!
Originally, they had thought that these people did not know Chen Ping at all, and it would be best if they could muddle through!
But when the people got closer, everyone’s faces changed instantly!
Only to see that the leader was actually the Grand Elder of the Ye Family of Ye City!
Behind him were hundreds of people, wearing all kinds of clothes, and they should not be from a single clan or family!
After seeing Chen Ping, that Ye Family’s Grand Elder immediately said hideously, “Kid, today I’ll see where you’re going to escape ……”
“This kid is Chen Ping, whoever can kill him can exchange for a hundred years of offerings from our Demon Sealing Alliance ……”
A single sentence from the Ye Family’s Grand Elder caused hundreds of people behind them to wail!
Everyone’s eyes were filled with greed, itching to rush up and kill Chen Ping right away!
As for Chen Ping, they were facing hundreds of people, and each of them looked as if they were dead!
Even Chen Ping had lost his fighting spirit!
Even if he was more powerful, what could he do when facing hundreds of Ferrying Realm cultivators?
Seeing that Chen Ping and the others were ashen without any fighting spirit, the Ye Family’s Grand Elder then snorted coldly and said, “Today, I’m going to avenge our family head!”
After saying that, the Ye Family’s Grand Elder waved his hand, and hundreds of cultivators wailed and rushed towards Chen Ping!
But just as soon as they moved, a strange thud was heard in the distance.
Immediately after that was when the earth began to tremble, as if there were ten thousand horses galloping!
The sky was suddenly black with an invisible pressure that pressed on everyone’s hearts!
On the earth, smoke and dust came tumbling in like waves!
So everyone was stunned and looked in all directions in shock!
Soon, countless flying beasts flashed their wings in the sky!
On the ground, there were hundreds of various demonic beasts, emitting deafening roars!
The four people, the Lion King, Monkey King, Thousand Faced Demon King, and Leopard Emperor slowly walked towards them!
Seeing these people, Chen Ping’s heart let out a sigh of relief.
Bai Shao then smiled, “You few came at the right time, otherwise you would have never seen me again ……”
“Fox Emperor Lady, it doesn’t matter if we see you or not, we just don’t want to let auntie suffer ah!”
The Monkey King looked at Fire Phoenix with a flattering face!
“Monkey, it’s not bad that auntie I helped you so much in the past.”
Fire Phoenix said happily!
The Ye Family’s Grand Elder looked at the several people from the Beast Clan, and his face became very ugly!
“You little Beast Clan, do you also want to follow our Demon Sealing Alliance against us?”
The Ye Family’s Grand Elder said angrily!
“So what if you follow the Demon Sealing Alliance? Besides, you are just an elder of the Ye family, even your Ye family head is just a small helmsman of the Demon Sealing Alliance, he can’t represent the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Those of you who are sensible, get the hell out of here right now, if you disturb our aunt, I’ll beat the sh*t out of you.”
The Monkey King said with a disdainful look towards the Ye Family’s Grand Elder!
“You …………”
The Ye Family’s Grand Elder’s face turned red with anger!
“Fire Phoenix, you guys go, just leave us a few here!”
The Thousand-faced Demon King said to Fire Phoenix!
“Alright, you guys be careful too!”
Fire Phoenix nodded, then looked towards Chen Ping and said, “Master, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping nodded, then followed the Fire Phoenix as they left!
The Ye Family Elders with hundreds of cultivators were watching intently, but because of the presence of these people from the Beast Race, they did not dare to act rashly!
“A hundred year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, definitely can’t let him get away, put up a fight ……”
Some people could not withstand the temptation and struck out at Chen Ping!