When Gu Ling’er finished speaking, she looked at Su Yuqi, who nodded and suddenly took out a dagger and slashed towards her finger.
“What are you doing?” Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly stopped Su Yuqi.
“Don’t you believe it, just try it and you’ll see.” Gu Ling’er said.
“I believe, I do, no need to try, I don’t want to watch Yuqi get hurt.”
Chen Ping said as he snatched the dagger from Su Yuqi’s hand.
Seeing Chen Ping care for herself like this, Su Yuqi’s eyes were full of happiness, except that she took advantage of Chen Ping’s inattention and still directly grabbed the dagger with her hand, the sharp dagger, instantly cut Su Yuqi’s palm.
Seeing that Su Yuqi’s hand was injured, Chen Ping hurriedly looked for something to bandage Su Yuqi.
“Chen Ping, I’m fine, I’ve thought about it long ago, I’m going to use my blood to make you cultivate quickly and improve your strength.”
Su Yuqi said as she looked at Chen Ping with affection.
“What silly words are you saying? How could I possibly suck your blood for my own cultivation, even if I were stuck at my current realm for the rest of my life, I wouldn’t suck your blood.”
Chen Ping hurriedly bandaged Su Yuqi, his eyes filled with heartache.
Su Yuqi was so daring that her eyes were moistened, but she still suddenly wiped her hand directly on Chen Ping’s mouth.
The scarlet blood, after getting on Chen Ping’s lips, soon had a small portion of it entering Chen Ping’s mouth.
Chen Ping only felt his blood begin to boil, the spiritual energy in his dantian began to tumble wildly, and at this moment Chen Ping actually had the feeling that he was about to break through.
Right now, Chen Ping was already at the peak of Grand Master, and after he broke through, he would reach the realm of Martial Sect!
And within Chen Ping’s dantian, an inner pellet would be formed, which meant that he would reach the Jiedan realm, and at this realm, Chen Ping’s strength would take a qualitative leap, and the spiritual energy within his dantian would change from a burst of gaseous state, to a liquid state, and more spiritual energy could be stored within his dantian.
“How’s that? Does it feel like it?”
Seeing Chen Ping staring at the spot, Su Yuqi asked hastily.
“This …… this is too amazing, right?”
With that feeling slowly disappearing, Chen Ping came to his senses and looked at Su Yuqi in shock.
“I don’t know either, I found this by chance, if it wasn’t for Little White suddenly becoming stronger after licking my blood, we wouldn’t have known that my blood had this effect.”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping excitedly, “Now I’ll be able to use my blood and directly help you improve your strength, I can finally help you too.”
All along, Su Yuqi had been the one being protected by Chen Ping, no matter how many difficulties there were, Chen Ping was the one carrying the load, Su Yuqi was not capable of helping Chen Ping.
Ever since she found out about Chen Ping’s life, Su Yuqi had blamed herself even more, blaming herself for being incapable and unable to help Chen Ping at all.
Now, she could finally help Chen Ping.
Looking at the excited Su Yuqi, Chen Ping wrapped Su Yuqi tightly in his arms, this was still Chen Ping’s initiative to get so close to Su Yuqi, and in front of Gu Ling’er.
“Fool, I told you, I can’t possibly suck your blood and improve my strength, if that’s the case, I’d rather scrap my entire cultivation, don’t say anything stupid in the future, and this matter, don’t tell anyone about it.”
Chen Ping knew that people’s hearts were vicious, if this matter was known by others, Su Yuqi would be in danger.
You know that many people would do anything to increase their strength.
Su Yuqi snuggled into Chen Ping’s arms, that sense of security was born.
Gu Ling’er turned around with some envy, turning her back to Chen Ping and Su Yuqi, watching the two of them making out with each other, Gu Ling’er had an indescribable feeling inside.