In the middle of these bones, a mountain ginseng was swaying in the wind with a red rope tied to it, and Chen Ping could tell at a glance that it was indeed a ten thousand year old mountain ginseng.
“How can this …… place have so many human bones?”
Zhou Zhiqian asked in surprise.
Now they were all attracted to these bones, and as for the ten thousand year old ginseng king, it was not as attractive.
“If my guess is good, this place should have been a battlefield before, or perhaps a place for executions ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Yes, I remember that there was a war here before, when it was still fighting the little kids, and there were often gunshots inside this mountain forest ……”
Zhou Zhiqian was said by Chen Ping so, he hurriedly nodded his head and said.
“So …… then these human bones, are they all war dead?”
Shen Wanfu asked in a small voice to Chen Ping.
“Not necessarily ……” Chen Ping shook his head, “To find out how these people died, then we would have to ask them …… ”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he suddenly pinched his fingers and a flame shot out from his hand.
The flame exploded in mid-air, like a blooming firework.
But along with the exploding flames, a sudden burst of participation came from mid-air, followed by darkness in the sky, countless black qi blocked the sunlight.
Those black qi were like ghosts with teeth and claws, constantly hissing, while a wisp of black qi fell to the ground and instantly coalesced into a human form, the same ghost that had just escaped from the Shen family.
“What ………… is this …… thing?”
Shen Wansan was scared silly and shrieked.
But everyone else had already seen it and didn’t react as much as he did, but they were all terrified to see so many ghosts suddenly appear in the sky.
“I didn’t expect you to chase me here, are you trying to drive me to extinction?”
The ghost hissed and questioned at Chen Ping.
“Who exactly are you people? Why do you want to harm people after you die?”
Chen Ping asked in a cold voice.
The ghost’s eyes were filled with scarlet, and a mouth opened to reveal its fangs.
When Chen Ping saw that the ghost did not say anything, he opened his hand and a flame appeared in Chen Ping’s palm.
Seeing that flame, the ghost’s eyes were filled with panic and it instantly wimped out.
“We didn’t harm anyone, it was all these people who, for money, dug up our corpses and disturbed our purity ……”
The ghost said as soon as he pointed at Shen Wansan.
“Then why don’t you go to reincarnation and wander in the middle of these mountains and forests?”
Chen Ping asked.
The ghost was silent, and after a moment, the ghost put away its fangs and slowly said, “We have no habitat, no burial, no way to reincarnate ……”
“Then what exactly are you all? How did you die?” Chen Ping continued to ask.
The ghost slowly raised his head and glanced at the mid-air, “We are all soldiers, those buried here are my comrades, we were pitted and killed here by the little kids …………”
When Chen Ping heard this, the flame in his hand instantly went out, it seemed that he had guessed correctly, these people had not died of natural causes, otherwise there would not have been such a heavy Yin Qi.
“We are trapped in this mountain forest, because there is no one to claim the burial, we can’t walk out of here, fortunately there is a mountain ginseng here, we nurtured the mountain ginseng with our blood and flesh, I hope to absorb the essence of the mountain ginseng, and finally transform into human form to bring these brothers of mine out of this mountain forest, but …… but this group of people actually dug up our bones for the sake of the mountain ginseng ……”
The ghost looked at Shen Wansan with indignation.
The ghost’s words, the crowd can hear, see these people are actually warriors, one heart awe, in remembering the remains of these warriors, surprisingly thrown everywhere, even the Shen family’s own people, in looking at Shen Wansan’s eyes are obedient.
Even Shen Lang was no exception, looking at his father with anger in his eyes.