He wanted to dodge, but the time flow made it very difficult for him to move!
At this moment, Elder Tu knew that he had been fooled!
“Kid, you undermined me ……”
Elder Tu stared angrily at Chen Ping and roared loudly, “If you have the ability to fight me hard, what tricks are you playing ……”
Elder Tu knew at this moment that Chen Ping was not trying to kill himself, but was trying to suck himself into the void rift.
At that time, Chen Ping would not care about his own life and death!
“Ah …………”
Elder Tu roared angrily, and at the moment of life and death, the ghostly faces around Elder Tu’s body all became terrifying!
And at Elder Tu’s brow, a large amount of essence blood was seeping out, being absorbed by those ghost faces!
Chen Ping’s body shook, only feeling a wave of evil qi running around in his body, and a mouthful of blood was violently sprayed out!
This Elder Tu’s dying struggle was indeed powerful!
Along with Chen Ping’s mouthful of blood spurting out, the Time Origin that had been cast instantly stopped and the flow of time returned to normal!
Elder Tu only felt his body loosen up and was about to escape the suction of that void rift!
However, it was too late now, that void rift was like a giant beast’s mouth, it had already begun to swallow Elder Tu!
Elder Tu’s whole body was shivering, feeling as if he had fallen into a bottomless abyss, no matter how hard he tried, he could not break free from the void rift!
Looking at Chen Ping’s smug look not far away, Elder Tu was about to die of anger!
Roaring madly, his heart was filled with unwillingness!
Obviously he was a Mahayana realm expert, obviously he was the hunter!
And now Chen Ping, that prey, could proudly watch as he was devoured by the void rift!
He himself had used a secret method to possess all the ghost faces, and had also fed them with his own essence blood to not be afraid of the Flaming Qi!
But even so, it still became the current result!
Elder Tu was really unwilling!
Why, why did it become like this?
He couldn’t figure it out, he didn’t seem to have done anything wrong, but the result had become like this!
“Ah …………”
Elder Tu roared with unwillingness, and those dozens of ghost faces unexpectedly all flew up from Elder Tu’s body one after another, heading straight towards Chen Ping!
Elder Tu was planning to piggyback Chen Ping before he died!
Dozens of ghost faces intended to wrap up Chen Ping and drag him towards the void rift!
Seeing this, Chen Ping instinctively retreated backwards, but those dozens of ghost faces were very fast, instantly wrapping Chen Ping up and then desperately heading towards the void rift!
“F*ck, let go of me ……”
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopper Sword and desperately attacked those ghost faces, but he didn’t know what those ghost faces were made of, but they were wildly chopped by the Dragon Chopper Sword without the slightest damage!
Chen Ping once again erupted the Supreme Fire, trying to burn these ghost faces away, but these ghost faces were not afraid of the Supreme Fire either!
“Hahaha, don’t you struggle anymore, it’s useless ……”
Seeing this, Elder Tu laughed out loud, he had already given up struggling, without the protection of the ghost faces, Elder Tu’s body hurried towards the void crack!
At the same time, the fiery flame Qi caused Elder Tu to endure a very painful torture!
But even so, he still sacrificed his Ghost Face out to follow Chen Ping and die with him!
Chen Ping frowned tightly as he was pulled closer towards the void rift!
Soon, Chen Ping followed that Elder Tu, all of them were swallowed up by the void rift, and the two of them were like a lone boat in the vast ocean, falling in the endless darkness!
In the void rift, there were space-time blades everywhere, crisscrossing across the space-time blades, which could cut off all items!
This huge void rift, surprisingly, did not lead to a single space-time, but to countless space-time!
The aura of each space-time was different, and at the intersection of each space-time was a sharp space-time blade!
In the midst of the void rift, the dozens of ghostly faces on Chen Ping’s body fell off as if all of them had gone to life!