Liao Fei Xiong continued to say to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, I really didn’t know that this Xiao Lei was going to deal with you, if I had known, I wouldn’t have taken any money offered to me, I still hope that Mr. Chen will be generous and spare us this time!”
But before Chen Ping could say anything, Xiao Lei shouted as if he had gone mad, “Why, why is this? You are the Red Dragon Gang, but you are so afraid of a reformed prisoner, thanks to the fact that you still call yourselves the biggest gang in Hongcheng ……”
Xiao Lei couldn’t understand why Liao Fei Xiong had to be so afraid of Chen Ping, what exactly was so scary about Chen Ping? Wasn’t it just that he could fight some? There are hundreds of people in the Red Dragon Gang’s gang, if Chen Ping is able to fight, can he still beat several hundred people?
“What are you saying? Our Red Dragon Gang doesn’t need you to tell us what to do, believe it or not, I can kill you right now?”
Liao Fei Xiong turned around and looked coldly at Xiao Lei!
Feeling the murderous aura on Liao Fei Xiong’s body, Xiao Lei instantly shut his mouth!
But at that moment, there was a sudden shaking of the earth and mountains, followed by a group of people running towards this place in black pressure!
There were hundreds of people with weapons in their hands, the noise was like an earthquake!
Looking at the sudden appearance of these people, Liao Fei Xiong was a bit dumbfounded, and Xiao Lei was also directly dumbfounded, not understanding what kind of people had appeared out of nowhere!
But soon, they could see that the leader of the hundreds of people was Lin Tianhu, which meant that these people were all from the Gathering of Righteousness Hall!
Liao Fei Xiong’s face turned ugly when he saw Lin Tian Hu coming, while Xiao Lei stood by, watching Lin Tian Hu lead his men past him!
“Protect Mr. Chen, don’t let a single person go ……”
Lin Tianhu bellowed angrily!
“Yes ……”
Hundreds of the Juyi Hall’s gang members let out a roar and immediately blocked the entire road!
“Mr. Chen, are you alright?”
Lin Tianhu hurriedly walked up to Chen Ping and asked.
“Do you think I’ll be alright?” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Dong Lei was dumbfounded, he had never expected that Lin Tianhu had brought so many people to protect Chen Ping, and that Lin Tianhu would treat Chen Ping with such a respectful attitude!
A Red Dragon Gang and a Gathering Hall were the biggest gangs in Hongcheng, but at this moment both gangs were actually treating Chen Ping with respect!
“Liao Fei Xiong, your Red Dragon Gang dares to sneak up on Mr. Chen, believe it or not, I’ll destroy you now?”
Lin Tianhu said as he looked at Liao Fei Xiong with a face of anger.
Liao Fei Xiong was full of defiance, but he knew that this was not the time to play the hero, the gang leader Feng Sihai had not yet returned, so they could only hold their tongue for now!
“It’s a misunderstanding, it’s all caused by that Xiao Lei ……”
Liao Fei Xiong explained!
When Lin Tianhu heard this, he looked directly at Xiao Lei who was not far away, Xiao Lei saw Lin Tianhu looking at him here and trembled in fear.
Lin Tianhu quickly walked up to Xiao Lei and gave Xiao Lei a fierce slap and said, “You still dare to make a move against Mr. Chen, believe it or not I will kill you now and destroy your Xiao family ……”
Lin Tianhu wasn’t bragging, with the strength of the Gathering Hall, he could really wipe out the Xiao family!
“Lin Tianhu, our Xiao family has been kind to you, how dare you help others and beat me up?”
Xiao Lei was following the madness at this point, his brain had been stimulated!
“If it wasn’t for the fact that your Xiao family has been kind to me, do you think you would still be standing here?”
Lin Tianhu said as he looked coldly at Xiao Lei!
Xiao Lei didn’t dare to look Lin Tianhu in the eye, he couldn’t understand at this moment why all these people were treating Chen Ping with such respect!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Just at this moment, Gu Mantian arrived in a hurry with Tang Long as well!
Seeing that Chen Ping was alright, Gu Mantian let out a long breath this time and said, “When I heard that Mr. Chen was being sought by the Red Dragon Gang, I rushed here without stopping, it’s good that Mr. Chen is alright ……”