“The dungeon where my mother is being held can only be opened by Long Jingguo, and now that Long Jingguo can’t return, my mother is going to starve.”
Chen Ping followed Long Wu and explained.
“Then be careful, both the Martial Arts Alliance and the Long Family are eyeing you intently, if you go for a replacement this time, they will definitely not let go of this opportunity ……”
Long Wu admonished Chen Ping.
“I know!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
After bidding farewell to the others, Chen Ping left for Kyoto alone!
…………
Kyoto, in front of the Dong family!
Ge Jiayi was holding a sword and facing Dong Jiahao with an angry face!
Although Ge Fuhai tried his best to stop it, he still couldn’t stop Ge Jiayi from coming to seek revenge on the Dong family!
“Miss Ge, you have struck out at me three times, what on earth have I done to you?”
Dong Jiahao’s face was full of sorrow, he really didn’t know what he had done to offend Ge Jiayi!
“You beast, don’t pretend anymore, today I will kill you and then I will kill myself, I will never live in the world like this.”
With anger in her eyes, Ge Jiayi stabbed her sword towards Dong Jiahao!
Dong Jiahao was no match for Ge Jiayi, and this sword stabbed out with endless light, enveloping Dong Jiahao!
This time, Dong Jiahao couldn’t escape even if he wanted to!
Clang …………
Suddenly there was a crisp sound, only to see Dong Liqun blocking in front of Dong Jiahao, deflecting Ge Jiayi’s sword.
“Miss Ge, what exactly did Jiahao do that made you have to kill him? Tell me, if he has really done something bad, I will never spare him and I apologize on his behalf like Miss Ge ……”
Dong Liqun said politely after Ge Jiayi.
Dong Liqun did not want to follow the Ge family to fall out, after all, now the entire martial arts families in Kyoto had long since become part of the Martial Arts Alliance, all isolating the Dong family.
If the Dong family fell out with the Ge family, then they would have no place in Kyoto.
“Ask yourself what that precious son of yours has done, how dare he do it and why doesn’t he dare to say anything!”
Ge Jiayi, a girl, how could she have the guts to say such a thing.
Dong Liqun turned his head to look at Dong Jiahao: “Jiahao, what exactly did you do to Miss Ge?”
“Dad, how many times have I told you, I didn’t do anything, I didn’t do anything, I don’t know why she’s always looking for me ……”
Dong Jiahao was so anxious that he was about to cry.
Dong Liqun looked at Dong Jiahao that way, it was obvious that Dong Jiahao did not want to be lying.
“Miss Ge, could there be a misunderstanding here, I don’t think my son would lie ……”
Dong Liqun said in a soft voice.
“In that case, that means I’m unreasonable and I’m lying?”
Ge Jiayi frowned.
“No, no, no, I don’t mean that, I just feel that there could be a misunderstanding here ……”
Dong Liqun hurriedly waved his hand and said.
“There is no misunderstanding, your beast son has drugged me and defiled me, today I have to kill him ……”
Ge Jiayi said, her body’s aura soared, and the precious sword in her hand emitted light!
Then a sword cut out, a sharp and domineering sword qi, instantly heading towards Dong Liqun and Dong Jiahao’s father and son.
The sword arrived in an instant and left a deep furrow in the ground!
Dong Liqun’s feet shook slightly and a wall of earth suddenly rose from the ground, instantly blocking the sword qi!
After blocking the sword qi, Dong Liqun did not make a move against Ge Jiayi, because he did not want to fall out with the Ge family!
Ge Jiayi’s face turned ugly as she waved her sword in her hand again, and a dozen sword qi shot out in a flash!
Dong Liqun frowned as his aura began to soar, a barrier visible to the naked eye instantly wrapped around Dong Liqun and Dong Jiahao!
As he watched, a dozen sword qi reached his eyes, but was suddenly cut off instantly by a golden light.