Plop!
Chen Ping swung out his sword, the terrifying sword aura combined with the Supreme Fire, instantly chopping off the head of a demonic beast!
The head rolled to the ground and the pole stone in its mouth fell out!
Chen Ping waved his hand and the pole stone arrived in Chen Ping’s hand!
This pole stone was cold to the touch, and surprisingly, it carried a slight electric current, which should be the effect of the magnetic field!
Seeing their companions being killed, the other demonic beasts all went crazy and kept charging towards Chen Ping!
However, it was all in vain, these demonic beasts that rushed to Chen Ping’s body all became dead under the sword!
The extreme stones in their mouths also fell down and were picked up by Chen Ping!
Of the dozen or so demonic beasts, in the end, only one was left, looking at Chen Ping in horror, not daring to launch an attack!
This demonic beast slowly got down, showing a submissive appearance, and even took the initiative to spit out the pole stone in its mouth!
Seeing this, Chen Ping walked up and picked up the pole stone, stroking the demonic beast with his hand!
The demonic beast did not move at all and was very docile!
In front of the strong, only absolute obedience and meekness would be able to survive!
It seemed that this demonic beast was very intelligent!
Chen Ping looked at the docile demonic beast and then looked at the dead demonic beasts!
In fact, he did not have any grudges following these demonic beasts, it was all just to get the Pole Stone!
That was how it was in the Celestial Realm, people could disregard kinship between people for resources and benefits!
Not to mention between people and demonic beasts!
There were no eternal friends, only eternal interests!
Chen Ping did not kill that last demonic beast and turned around to prepare to leave, but just after taking two steps, he suddenly stopped!
Since these demonic beasts could find polestones and use them for their own cultivation, Chen Ping could use these demonic beasts to find polestones!
Moreover, Chen Ping could also ride on this demonic beast, making it a lot easier!
It was difficult to fly in this place, so he could find a mount!
Chen Ping turned around and walked towards the demonic beast again, the demonic beast’s eyes clearly showed panic!
“You don’t have to be afraid, I won’t kill you, you take me to look for pole stones now, when I recruit enough pole stones, I will release you, and I will also send you some pole stones to cultivate.”
Chen Ping said to the demonic beast!
The demonic beast understood Chen Ping’s words and nodded vigorously!
Chen Ping directly sat on the body of the demonic beast, the demonic beast’s entire body was furry, and there was a warm feeling when he sat on it!
The demonic beast led Chen Ping, after walking for a while, the metal bar in Chen Ping’s hand reacted again!
Immediately after that, the demonic beast used its huge claws to peel away the snow, revealing a few fist-sized pole stones underneath!
Chen Ping directly threw the pole stones into the storage ring!
In this way, with this demonic beast, Chen Ping found more and more pole stones, there were already hundreds of them, and it was very comfortable to sit on the demonic beast!
However, Chen Ping has not been able to find the polar stone mine, like this several pieces of several pieces of search, when can we find the number for the use of the Guanghan Palace ah!
But from the looks of it, the demonic beast also didn’t know where a large number of extreme stones were located.
A day passed like this!
Chen Ping followed Bing Lu and the girls to regroup!
Seeing that Chen Ping was actually riding a demonic beast, the many saintesses felt very novel!
“Mr Chen, what kind of demonic beast are you riding?”
Bing Lu asked curiously!
“I don’t know, I was too tired from walking, so I caught one to ride!”
Chen Ping said casually!
“This is a Snow Bear Monster, the most abundant demonic beast in the Polar Regions, but Snow Bear Monsters are docile and usually don’t take the initiative to attack unless they are threatened themselves.”
At this time, Lan Yingying opened her mouth and said!
In this day, Lan Yingying had actually not been able to walk out, being a big girl herself, being stripped naked in public by Chen Ping, touching and looking at her, her heart could not accept it!
However, she also knew that she could not blame Chen Ping for this, Chen Ping was also trying to save her!