Chen Ping was in the magma river, and at the moment, he was like a fish, swimming at the bottom of the river.
Elder Tu, on the other hand, was looking at the magma river with flames rising, his brows slightly furrowed, he did not expect Chen Ping to jump into the river!
Looking at the incomparably wide magma river that could not be seen at a glance, Elder Tu exuded his divine sense, trying to find out Chen Ping’s exact location!
However, the magma river was too big, and Chen Ping had dived into the bottom, so Elder Tu’s divine sense could not penetrate the magma river at all, and he could not find Chen Ping’s position!
“We can’t let this kid escape, or I won’t be able to explain ……”
Elder Tu was not just blocking Chen Ping now!
Chen Ping had killed so many of their Ghost Face Sect disciples, and he was still able to exchange them for a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.
Elder Tu wanted to jump down and chase after Chen Ping, but he didn’t know Chen Ping’s exact location, so if he went down rashly and couldn’t find Chen Ping that would be troublesome!
Moreover, by himself, if he couldn’t use his divine sense to probe, trying to find Chen Ping’s figure in this magma river was simply like looking for a needle in a haystack!
Elder Tu looked at the Ghost Face Sect disciples who had died not far away and seemed to think of something!
Only to see him forcing out a drop of essence blood from his brow, which fell to the ground and instantly transformed into a mass of blood mist!
This blood mist quickly turned into the shape of a ghost face!
Then a ray of light lit up from within that blood mist!
Accompanied by a cold aura that continued to permeate out, the ghostly face transformed by the blood mist slowly rose into the air!
Right after the ghostly face made of blood mist rose into the air, the ghostly faces worn by those dead Ghost Face Sect disciples on the ground all followed and floated up!
These ghost faces unexpectedly emitted a mournful scream, as if something was being suppressed within the ghost faces!
“Go …………”
With a wave of Elder Tu’s hand, dozens of ghost faces swarmed into that magma river as if they possessed life.
These ghost faces were not afraid of flames at all, scattering and zapping into the magma river, Elder Tu was trying to rely on these ghost faces to look for Chen Ping’s traces!
At this time, Chen Ping was still unaware of this and was desperately swimming in the depths of the magma river.
Fortunately, Chen Ping had already refined the Heart of the Earth’s Flame, so he only needed to slightly operate the Supreme Flame to withstand the scorching heat within the Magma River!
However, Chen Ping’s fleshly body was suffering from a burst of soreness from different places!
This was all the aftermath of being controlled by the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
This fellow, he had clearly said that he would restrain himself, but in the end, he was madly trying to absorb all the power around him and condense it into arrows!
Even if Chen Ping’s physical body was strong, it could not withstand it. Fortunately, in the end, the Great Luo Golden Canon sensed Chen Ping’s dangerous situation and forcibly separated the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch from Chen Ping’s physical body!
Otherwise, Chen Ping would now be a lonely soul, and his physical body would have exploded long ago!
“Kid, I got a little over excited, sorry ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch also noticed the changes in Chen Ping’s physical body, so he said with embarrassment!
“Saying sorry now is of no use, I must now find a relatively safe place to slowly cultivate for a few days to let my fleshly body recover before I can do so.”
Chen Ping said in a good-natured manner!
“Just within this magma river, that fellow won’t be able to find you, it won’t be probed by divine sense here.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
He also knew that he was at a disadvantage, so when Chen Ping said a few words about himself, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch could only listen!
“Run a little farther in, this guy is really difficult to deal with ……”
Chen Ping swam desperately for another distance before relaxing a little and stopping!
Chen Ping intended to absorb a little bit of these underground fires here, and then use the True Fire Dharma Body to quench his physical body!
It was exactly in the middle of this magma river, if one used the True Fire Dharma Body to quench their fleshly body, they would definitely get twice the result with half the effort!
Chen Ping tried to absorb the underground fire within the magma river, but just as he was running, he heard a buzzing sound, and immediately after, he saw that the flow of flame qi around him was more turbulent.