What’s more, all of those holy maidens had suffered abuse, and Chen Ping also wanted to let this Munaiyi have a taste of abuse!
“Ah …………”
Mu Naiyi was going crazy, roaring loudly and angrily, slapping one hand violently on top of her forehead!
“Bad, Missy is going to open the Mu Family Seal.”
Mu Yao was secretly admiring Mu Naiyi’s figure when he suddenly noticed Mu Naiyi’s crazy behaviour and was directly startled!
Only to see Mu Naiyi’s skin, which was as white as jade, begin to show a trail of blood!
Those blood marks unexpectedly formed an extremely complex pattern on Mu Nai Yi’s body, and even Mu Nai Yi’s skin became red at this moment!
Along with that complex pattern running through the entire body, a shocking aura climbed within Mu Nai Yi’s body!
The surrounding void trembled continuously, and the violent aura surged in all directions like a tidal wave!
Mu Nai Yi’s entire body was enveloped in a red light, and his aura continued to surge!
“What’s going on, is this Mu Naiyi going to break through the Transition Realm and ascend to the Mahayana Realm?”
“What a terrifying aura, is this Mahayana Realm so easy to break through?”
“A Mahayana realm cultivator, I’ve never seen one before!”
The crowd all looked at Mu Naiyi dumbfounded, they were all shocked by the aura on her body, no one was admiring her body anymore!
Bing Lu and the others were also filled with worry, worried about Chen Ping!
Chen Ping himself was also frowning, he did not expect that this Mu Naiyi even had such an evil technique that could instantly increase her strength!
One must know that this Mu Naiyi was at the peak of the Ferrying Realm, and if he were to raise it, wouldn’t that be the Mahayana Realm!
Mu Yao and the others were not happy about Mu Naiyi’s increased strength at the moment, instead, they were all worried!
They knew that the transition realm to the Mahayana realm was a large realm to cross, and the gap between them was not so easy to cross!
For how many years, Mu Naiyi had not been able to break through to the peak of the Ferrying Realm!
> She has never been able to find the right opportunity!
And now, Mu Naiyi had opened the Mu Family Seal and forcefully raised her strength.
One must know that within the body of every Mu Family direct lineage, there was a specialised seal of the Mu Family, which sealed the power of the Mu Family’s ancestor!
Only, this sealing power couldn’t be used casually, because once it was opened, while the strength was increased, the body would also suffer a backlash!
If it is light, the strength will stagnate and never become immortal, if it is heavy, the dantian will be destroyed, and one will directly become an invalid.
No one will open the seal until it is absolutely necessary!
Now Mu Naiyi has not reached the point of exhaustion, and they still have Bing Lu and others as a bargaining chip in their hands, it is not necessary to open the seal!
Maybe Mu Naiyi was too stimulated and didn’t control it!
After all, a woman, for their own body is the most valued, now being surrounded by people, how can not be angry!
Mu Naiyi’s body’s breath, has been continuously rising, at this moment Mu Naiyi’s strength, has long exceeded the peak of the Ferry Realm!
Only, there was no thunderbolt blasting down!
That is, Mu Naiyi’s body was still at the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm, but her strength had already surpassed the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
“Family Master, what is this situation? Why hasn’t it triggered the thunderbolt?”
An Ouyang family member asked Ouyang Zhenhua in great confusion!
“Because of this aura, it’s not that Miss Mu’s, it should be that there was originally such an aura of power within her body.”
“That’s why even though it looks like the strength exceeds the peak of the Transitional Tribulation Realm right now, it didn’t invoke the thunder tribulation.”
“If my guess is correct, this power of hers won’t exist for too long, and it also definitely has side effects.”
“Things like this sudden surge in one’s body strength that violates the laws of nature will suffer backlash.”
“This is the law that everything in the world follows, and we must abide by it, and this is also why I teach you guys that practising kung fu must be steady and gradual.”