But with such powerful spiritual power at the early stage of Martial Sect, it was evident that these two people’s manipulation of spells must be very powerful.
“Who are you people?”
Chen Ping frowned and pretended to look like he was in pain as he asked the two men.
Only the two men had frosty faces and no one answered Chen Ping’s question.
Only to see the woman slowly raise her hand, followed by a huge divine sense enveloping Chen Ping, directly invading into his mind, seemingly searching for something.
A moment later, I only saw the woman frown and look at the man beside her, shaking her head slightly.
The man nodded, and then the two turned around and left!
Neither of the two men made a move on Chen Ping, nor did they even say a word after him!
This confused Chen Ping for a moment.
He had to stop the two men and ask them to understand what was going on here.
Chen Ping pointed his toes and his whole body rose up and landed steadily in front of the two men.
This startled the two men, they both thought that Chen Ping was under control, but they did not expect Chen Ping to appear in front of them.
Seeing that Chen Ping had stopped them, the woman hurriedly emitted her spiritual power to regain control of Chen Ping’s mind.
But just as the woman’s mental energy entered Chen Ping’s mind, it was instantly cut off by a golden light!
“Ah ……”
The woman shrieked and her body retreated backwards, while the man’s face also changed greatly and he hurriedly stepped forward to support the woman.
The woman was frowning at the moment, her eyes showing panic: “You …… How can your spiritual power be so strong too?”
“It’s because yours is too weak, isn’t it?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly.
When the woman heard this, a flash of anger surfaced on her face instantly, her strength was not strong, others could say that she was not strong, but they could not say that her spiritual power was too weak.
One should know that their Blood Corpse Sect was known for their spiritual power in the martial arts world.
“Senior brother, let’s go together ……”
The woman said to the man.
The man nodded, and then the two of them mouthed the words, and a huge stream of spiritual power was attacking towards Chen Ping’s mind.
At this moment, it was as if Chen Ping was in the middle of chaos, even though his body was strong, his physical strength was not the slightest bit effective against the attack of spiritual power.
The two men were relieved to see that Chen Ping’s expression had changed under their spiritual attacks, and his eyes were dazed.
But just as the two wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to escape, they saw a golden light flash in Chen Ping’s mind, followed by a clearing that repelled the two men’s mental energy!
Chen Ping recited a clearing incantation under his breath, and a peaceful and incomparable spiritual energy began to envelop the bodies of the man and the woman.
The two men’s faces changed greatly and they desperately sent out their spiritual energy to resist, while their bodies hurriedly retreated backwards.
These two people practiced evil kung fu, and this Clear Heart Incantation was specifically for evil kung fu, to clear one’s mind and prevent one from going off the rails.
“Don’t be reciting it …………”
The woman was struggling desperately and seemed to be in great pain!
“Chen Ping, let us go quickly or you will die a horrible death if our sect master finds out ……”
The man threatened at Chen Ping.
“Sect Master? Aren’t you guys from the Martial Alliance?”
Chen Ping asked the man as he put away the Clear Heart Spell.
The man’s forehead had long been filled with cold sweat, and his entire body seemed to be gnawed by thousands of insects!
“We are from the Blood Corpse Sect, and our sect master is the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign, if you dare to kill us, then you are an enemy of the Blood Corpse Sect, and our sect master will never let you go.”
The woman shouted a threat at Chen Ping.
She knew that if her spiritual power could not control Chen Ping, then the two of them would have no power to fight back in front of Chen Ping.
How could two early Martial Sects deal with a Martial Marquis