“Zhu Hao, shut up ……”
Seeing this, Hong Qianjiu hurriedly reprimanded Zhu Hao!
He knew that at this time, it was not the time to take out anger, if they fought now, then the ones who would be happy would be the other clan families!
Why were so many clan families gathered on this Penglai Island, yet there was no conflict, they were all saving their strength and wouldn’t fight over unnecessary matters!
Jiang Wei’s face instantly became angry when Zhu Hao said this, and his eyes were fierce as he said, “Zhu Hao, you’re giving me a f*cking word ……”
With that, that Jiang Wei was about to smash his fist towards that Zhu Hao!
But he was stopped by Hong Qianjiu.
“Brother Jiang, don’t be angry, this Zhu Hao guy talks like this, just take it as a fart.”
When Hong Qianjiu said that, that Zhu Hao dared to get angry too.
“Brother Jiang, forget it ……” At this time Chen Ping spoke up, Jiang Wei then gritted his teeth and took two steps backwards!
When Hong Qianjiu saw this, that Jiang Wei really listened to Chen Ping, so he looked at Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, I believe you came to Penglai Island, and you also know what will happen here, so I just proposed that I hope you will consider it, as long as we unite, who dares to disobey the other sects and families?”
“When the aura recovers, we can carve up the land, it’s better than being scattered together and being destroyed by other clans and families, right?”
Hearing Hong Qianjiu’s words, Chen Ping however smiled lightly, “Then I really thank you for your kindness, but I am more of a solitary person, sorry ……”
Chen Ping’s meaning was clear, he would not follow Hong Qianjiu and their alliance!
When Hong Qianjiu heard this, his eyebrows furrowed slightly, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to refuse so quickly!
Just as Hong Qianjiu was about to say something else, that Zhu Hao spoke again, ” Chen Ping, who do you still think you are, don’t think you are the best in the world, you don’t even look at these people coming up from this Penglai Island, how many Great Martial Marquis are there, just by yourself, you will definitely die a miserable death.”
“Whether I will die or not, it doesn’t seem to have anything to do with you, does it?”
Chen Ping looked coldly at Zhu Hao, with a bit of chill in his eyes!
Seeing the look in Chen Ping’s eyes, that Zhu Hao was so scared that he didn’t dare to speak for a while!
Seeing this, Hong Qianjiu could only look at Jiang Wei and said, “Brother Jiang, what do you mean?”
Jiang Wei said without hesitation, “Of course I’m following Mr. Chen, there’s no need to ask!”
“Brother Jiang, I hope you are thinking about it, although that Chen Ping is now ……”
“Alright, no need to say anything, we’ll leave if there’s nothing else!” Without waiting for Hong Qianjiu to finish, Jiang Wei cut him off.
Hong Qianjiu’s face went cold, then said coldly, “Brother Jiang, on this Penglai, if you are not a friend, then you are an enemy, when we meet again, I will not show mercy ……”
“The same goes for me ……”
Jiang Wei said indifferently.
“Brother Jiang, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping called on Jiang Wei to leave.
And Hong Qianjiu looked at the backs of the two men, his teeth clenched!
“Bah, what the heck, that Jiang Wei is a fool.” Zhu Hao cursed, then turned to Hong Qianjiu and said, “Brother Jiu, that Jiang Wei is stupid, we don’t care about him, even if the three of us work together, we’re still invincible on this island.”
Hong Qianjiu didn’t say anything, but turned around and left!
On the other side Chen Ping followed Jiang Wei and found a tavern, ordered a few dishes, asked for a bottle of wine and started drinking!
“Does Brother Jiang know why I don’t follow them to make an alliance?”
As he sipped his wine, Chen Ping asked Jiang Wei.
Jiang Wei shook his head and then said, “With Mr. Chen’s strength, I’m afraid that without an alliance, he would be invincible on this island.”
When Chen Ping heard this, he smiled, “Brother Jiang has also learnt to patronise ……”
“The reason I don’t want to make an alliance is because they are all looking forward to the aura recovery, while I want to ruin this aura recovery.”
“If the real aura recovery starts, the ma*sacre will spread from Penglai Island to the whole world.”
“By then it would be a living hell, and all these clans in the martial world would become slaves in general.”
“I believe Brother Jiang should know the strength of those clans and families in the secret realm, right? Are they comparable to these martial dao realms in the secular world?”