Xu Shimao turned red and stumbled, not knowing how to explain.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled faintly, “It’s alright, I was forced to be the Pill God Valley Master, just hanging a title, it’s still Elder Xu and the others who really sit in the town ……”
“Yes, yes, yes ……” Xu Shimao nodded his head repeatedly, looking embarra*sed.
“Don’t all stand still, take the Body Training Pill, and all hurry up and train ……”
Chen Ping said.
Zhao Wuji waved his hand, and immediately the captains of the various squads came over and took away the Body Training Pills and distributed them down.
“Thank you Instructor Chen …………”
The members of the Protector Pavilion who had taken the Body Training Pill were each excited and thanked Chen Ping loudly.
“Since I agreed to be your instructor, these are all things I should do!”
Chen Ping laughed.
“Mr. Chen, you go and rest now, I have an appointment with Director Guo of the Martial Arts Union in the evening, we will sit together then, as long as the Kyoto Martial Arts Union steps in, I believe that everyone else will have to be scrupulous if they want to deal with Mr. Chen!”
Zhao Wuji came up to Chen Ping’s ear and said softly.
“Thank you, Pavilion Master Zhao!”
Chen Ping said gratefully.
“Mr. Chen, you are now a member of our Dharma Protection Pavilion, your affairs are my affairs, only that I am too small to invite the alliance leader of the Kyoto Martial Alliance …………”
Zhao Wuji said in an embarra*sed manner.
“I’m already grateful that Pavilion Master Zhao can do so ……”
Chen Ping was indeed grateful to Zhao Wuji from the bottom of his heart, in this part of Kyoto, the only people Chen Ping could trust were Zhao Wuji and the Bai family.
In the evening, a member of the Guardian Pavilion came over and asked Chen Ping to go to the hall.
When Chen Ping arrived at the hall, he saw an old man in a black practice uniform sitting in the hall, the old man looked majestic and could not see a single expression on his face.
Zhao Wuji, on the other hand, was all smiles and was personally pouring tea for this old man.
When he saw Chen Ping coming, Zhao Wuji hurriedly waved and followed Chen Ping and introduced him, “Mr. Chen, this is Guo Wei, the director of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union, Guo Wei ……”
Chen Ping glanced at Guo Wei, close to the peak strength of Martial Sect, such strength was afraid that even Long Wu might not be a match.
With such high strength, it was surprising that he did not hide his breath in the slightest, it looked like this Guo Wei had done it intentionally.
“Councilor Guo, how are you …………”
Chen Ping said politely as he extended his hand.
Only that Guo Wei coldly swept a glance at Chen Ping and did not follow him to shake his hand, but spoke indifferently, “Are you Chen Ping?”
“Yes!” Chen Ping smiled awkwardly and withdrew his outstretched hand.
Zhao Wuji then gave Chen Ping a somewhat apologetic look, but Chen Ping did not blame Zhao Wuji, it seemed that Zhao Wuji had gone to great lengths to be able to invite this Councilor Guo here.
It seemed that this Kyoto Guardian Pavilion was nothing in the eyes of the Martial Alliance, and Zhao Wuji, the Guardian Pavilion Master, was also worthless.
“At Dragon Lock Island, you were the one who swallowed the dragon crystal?”
Guo Wei continued to ask.
Chen Ping faintly froze and did not answer immediately, as he did not know what this Guo Wei was going to do.
“Director Guo, Mr. Chen he …………”
Guo Wei waved his hand, interrupting Zhao Wuji’s words, and looked at Chen Ping coldly with one pair of eyes.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, “Not bad, the one who swallowed the dragon crystal is me ……”
Seeing Chen Ping admit it, that Guo Wei immediately laughed: “You don’t need to be so nervous, I am not interested in the dragon crystal you swallowed, nor will I kill you for the sake of it, the dragon crystal is the greatest treasure for you, but for our Martial Alliance, there are more valuable things than the dragon crystal …… ”
Seeing Guo Wei say so, Chen Ping’s heart was then slightly relieved, if Guo Wei spied on his dragon crystal and struck out at himself, Chen Ping would not have the slightest ability to fight back, near the peak of the Martial Sect, Chen Ping would not be able to fight.