“Master ……”
Seeing this old man, Long Xiao hurriedly greeted him.
And that Long Jingguo also hurriedly greeted him, respectfully shouting, “Venerable Ding Huan ……”
Venerable Ding Huan nodded slightly, then looked at Zhu Zhishan: “Master Zhu, three days is too short, seven days, give me seven days, I have a way to raise Xiao’er’s strength by one realm!”
Seeing Venerable Ding Huan say so, so everyone was stunned, after all, cultivation was different from child’s play, how could one advance a realm in such a short time, even if it was a small realm, it was not something that could be broken through just like that.
Unless one uses some evil cultivation method, one might be able to quickly raise one’s strength, which is why many people take the desperate step of practising evil techniques!
“Venerable Ding Hui, to raise a realm in seven days is a bit too fast, isn’t it? Is it possible?”
Zhu Zhishan asked with some disbelief.
“Master Zhu, Long Xiao has now reached the critical moment of breakthrough, he will soon reach the eighth grade Martial Sect, originally he was not going to come back for the trial, in that case, I am sure that Long Xiao will reach the peak of Martial Sect at the end of the year, this time coming back for the trial has delayed his cultivation quite a lot, so I could only come down personally and brought a Yuan Enhancement Pill to help him breakthrough! ”
Venerable Ding Huan explained.
Only when Venerable Ding Huan said this did Zhu Zhishan understand, but for such a reliable master like Venerable Ding Huan, Zhu Zhishan was all envious!
Originally, Long Xiao did not intend to come back for the trial, but since the trial site was in the Emperor’s Tomb, Long Jingguo called Long Xiao back so that he could obtain the treasures inside.
But who knew that the trial would yield nothing, and he was even beaten up by Chen Ping, which almost disfigured Long Xiao!
But now it was useless to regret, fortunately Venerable Ding Huan came down personally, so that if Long Xiao fought against Chen Ping, it would be a sure thing.
“Venerable Ding Huan, thank you so much, don’t worry, I will immediately send someone to repair more Daoist temples for Venerable Ding Huan, so that Venerable Ding Huan’s followers will increase more.”
Long Jingguo hurriedly thanked Venerable Ding Huan.
“You are very kind, Master Long Jia, since Long Xiao is my disciple, I naturally have to take responsibility for him, please also find a secluded place for me, I will immediately help Long Xiao break through ……”
Venerable Ding Huan said.
“Fine, fine …………”
Long Jingguo nodded his head repeatedly and immediately ordered someone to clear a courtyard and instructed no one to approach or disturb!
“Long Family Master, so it seems that the match with that Chen Ping, the Duke of Long will definitely win, only in the ring, we can’t kill that Chen Ping yet, let him live for the time being, you have to instruct the Duke of Long ……”
Zhu Zhishan barked at Long Jingguo.
“Don’t worry, Lord Zhu, I will make sure of that ……”
Long Jingguo nodded his head.
Even if Zhu Zhishan didn’t bark at him, Long Jingguo wouldn’t let Long Xiao kill Chen Ping, he still had a use for keeping Chen Ping’s life!
…………
Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion!
Zhao Wuji found Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, that Long family has placed a war letter and will let that Long Xiao and Mr. Chen compete in seven days’ time!”
Chen Ping nodded, “I know, but I didn’t expect it to take seven days, it looks like they are thinking of making that Long Xiao’s strength improve some more!”
Against Long Xiao, Chen Ping had complete certainty, as long as there were no accidents, that Long Xiao was no match for himself.
“Mr. Chen, what are you going to do then? You just beat up that Long Xiao, if Mr. Shi comes forward, the Long family won’t dare not give face.”
Zhao Wuji did not want Chen Ping to fight in the ring, it was obvious that this was all calculated by the other party.