“Taejo, we’re out ……”
Ji Meiyan stepped forward and followed the Great Ancestor with a greeting!
The Great Ancestor slightly closed his eyes, then slowly opened them and glanced at Ji Meiyan, “I’ve been guarding this place for hundreds of years, and you’re the only one who activated that polymorphic stone, opened the origin space of my Ji family’s ancestor, and sensed the gold origin.”
“It’s also my honour to see this scene in my lifetime ……”
Tai Ancestor’s words made Ji Meiyan a little excited, she didn’t think that what she had sensed was the origin space of the Ji Family’s ancestor, no wonder it would be a huge origin space like the Vast Jungle!
On the side, Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen listened to Tai Ancestor’s words with nothing but envy and jealousy in their eyes!
They also didn’t expect that Ji Meiyan would have this kind of luck!
“Tai Ancestor, in that case, wouldn’t my sister be one of the most gifted in our Ji family over the centuries?”
Ji Meiling hurriedly asked!
For hundreds of years, only Ji Meiling was able to activate that what’s-her-name Polygonal Stone, so she must be the one with the best natural talent!
But who knew that Tai Zu shook his head “Your sister’s natural talent is mediocre, no different from anyone else.”
Ji Meiling froze and asked in disbelief “Great Ancestor, since my sister’s natural talent is mediocre, why can she activate that what’s-his-name polymorphic stone, open up the origin space, and perceive the origin?”
The Great Ancestor then placed his gaze on Chen Ping, and then lamented “Although your sister’s talent was mediocre, she was lucky, when she entered the Ancestral Ground, your sister mated with this person, causing her originally mediocre talent to change, and her bloodline changed, before she was able to activate that Polygonal Stone.”
“Because of me?” Chen Ping froze and asked with some incredulity!
“Not bad, your bloodline and natural talent are rare in the world, although I have not seen through you, I know that you are by no means ordinary.”
“Otherwise, do you really think that if you casually follow the Ji family’s female child and sleep for a while, you can have the Ji family’s bloodline and I will let you in?”
“If that were the case, how many outsiders would have had to enter our Ji family’s ancestral land over these hundreds of years.”
“But my decision was correct, it is because of you that my Ji Family can revive our ancestor’s origin.”
A smug smile appeared on the Tai Ancestor’s face!
Chen Ping looked embarrassed when he heard this, so it turned out that this old man was using himself!
Ji Meiyan was also a little ashamed, after all, in front of so many people, it was a little too humiliating to tell the matter of her following Chen Ping to sleep inside the great hall!
“Big sister, you two …… did you two do that inside this great hall?”
Ji Meiling asked with some incredulity!
Ji Meiyan had a red face and didn’t say anything!
Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen, on the other hand, were shocked as they looked at Chen Ping, from Tai Zu’s words, the two of them were able to hear that Chen Ping was definitely not an ordinary person!
It was outrageous that Ji Meiyan had gained the favour of the ancestors of the Ji family just because she had followed Chen Ping and slept with him!
Ji Meiyan even felt that why was it not she who slept after Chen Ping?
If that was the case, then the one who opened the Origin Space and sensed the Origin would be herself!
The Great Ancestor placed his gaze then onto Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen!
“The two of you kneel down ……,” the Great Ancestor said in an icy tone!
Ji Yue and Ji Mei Zhen froze, then both of them fell to their knees!
“You colluded with outsiders and used our Ji family’s ancestral land as a bargaining chip, think I don’t know?”
“Although I can’t go out of this great hall, I’ll tell you that I know everything about the Ji family.”
“If I’m still alive now, there’s no way that the Ji Family will be in chaos, and there’s no way that any outsiders will dare to sow their wild oats in the Ji Family.”
“Go out and tell your father to roll over to the Ancestral Ground and accompany me to guard it for ten years. ……”
The words of the Great Ancestor were like a heavy hammer that struck hard on the hearts of Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen!