He was able to feel that aura on the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, it was an aura that only Demon Monarchs had!
A Devil Monarch from the Heavenly Realm, to him, that was something he had never even thought of!
He had never thought that he would be able to meet a Demon Monarch from the Heavenly Realm, and even more so, he had never thought that in the Sea of Consciousness of a small cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm in the Celestial Realm, there was actually the divine soul of a Demon Monarch from the Heavenly Realm residing in the Sea of Consciousness!
“Do you hear me, I’m asking you to call out to your father!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said as he looked at that demonic soul!
“Daddy, daddy, daddy …………”
That devil soul desperately shouted.
At this moment, not to mention letting him shout dad, even letting him shout ancestor and grandpa he was willing to do so!
The old Sect Master listened to the voice coming out of Chen Ping’s body, the timbre, the breath, it was indeed coming from the mouth of that devil soul!
The old Sect Master had followed the Demonic Soul in his Sea of Consciousness for so long, so he could hear and feel it!
The old Sect Master was astonished and looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
He really couldn’t imagine how on earth Chen Ping had managed to do that!
It was also impossible for the old Sect Master to think that there would be a Demon Lord in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
“Alright, it’s time to die!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, a miserable scream was heard!
With a wave of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s hand, the demonic soul flew away into dust and turned into a resource for Chen Ping’s cultivation!
“Old Sect Master, isn’t it time to honour the promise and teach me the method of Supreme Fire Fusion?”
Chen Ping asked to the old Sect Master!
“I can teach you, but I just don’t know how to ah……”
The old Sect Master said with a bitter smile on his face!
“Sh*t, you f*cking old thing, shady me?”
When Chen Ping heard this, he was instantly anxious!
He had worked hard to come to the Purple Flame Sect just to learn the method of the Supreme Flame Fusion, and he had also helped the old Sect Master to remove the Demonic Soul!
Now telling himself that he wouldn’t?
What did you do long ago?
“Xian son-in-law, don’t be anxious, don’t be anxious, why are you still swearing!”
Seeing this, the old Sect Master hurriedly calmed Chen Ping, “I don’t know how to fuse fire, but it doesn’t mean that others don’t know how to do it!”
“Then who will?”Chen Ping asked with a huff!
“In fact, the method of this Supreme Fire Fusion is within our Purple Flame Sect’s Divine Flame Seal, and it was only when I got the Divine Flame Seal and realised a hint of the mind from it that I was able to make the two types of Supreme Flame fuse.”
“There is no way to teach this kind of enlightenment, if you also want the Supreme Flame to fuse, you have to get the Divine Flame Seal and perceive the heart method from within the Divine Flame Seal before you can do so.”
“I wonder how many types of Supreme Flames you want to fuse?”
The old Sect Master asked to Chen Ping!
Once Chen Ping heard that, it turned out to be for this reason, the old Sect Master had not lied to himself, so his expression eased a little bit and said, “I want to fuse at least five kinds of Supreme Flames ……”
Chen Ping had already mastered five types of Supreme Flame right now, and perhaps he would be able to master more later on!
So Chen Ping now wanted to fuse at least five types of Supreme Flames!
“Five?”
The old Sect Master’s eyes glazed over, his eyes filled with surprise as he said, “How do you know five kinds of Supreme Flames? Can you reveal the Supreme Flames and let me see them?”
Chen Ping was a little embarrassed when he heard this!
Two of his Supreme Flames were stolen from the Purple Flame Sect, if he revealed them, how could he explain to the old Sect Master?
Looking at Chen Ping’s wriggling appearance, the old Sect Master then said with a cold face, “Since you don’t want me to look at it, then I won’t look at it, and as for how to use the Divine Flame Seal to perceive the Heart Technique, then there is nothing more for me to say!”
“Old Sect Master, I’m not not letting you see it, I’m just afraid of scaring you, since you have to see it, I’ll let you see it!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a ball of Supreme Fire began to burn around his body!
Black demonic supreme fire, fiery red heart of the earth’s fire, white extreme cold ice flame, brown, purple …………
Five different coloured supreme flames jumped around Chen Ping’s body!
“Sh*t, this is our Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Fire, how the hell did you get it?”
When the old Sect Master saw this, he immediately became anxious!