When Chen Ping heard this, he was instantly happy, this Red Cloud Demon Monarch taught something, it was definitely not bad.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, desperately collected the flame filaments within the cave, and only after collecting a palm-sized ball of flame this time did Chen Ping stop!
“Drop your essence blood into this flame!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping hurriedly did as he was told, and when a drop of his essence blood was dropped into that flame, the flame throbbed joyfully as if it possessed life!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping hurriedly looked towards the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, wanting to know what to do next!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch came to Chen Ping’s ear and gave him a mantra!
For his part, Chen Ping recited the words, accompanied by only a spiritual light striking out, the mass of flames suddenly parted and all of a sudden transformed into a dozen or so small mice burning with flames!
The reddish fur was like flames burning, and these little mice squeaked, very cute!
Chen Ping who saw this scene was directly dumbfounded as he could clearly sense the presence of each little mouse!
And the vision of each little mouse would also appear in his mind!
“Don’t be surprised, this is just a minor point, when you help me restore my physical body, I can teach you more!”
“These red furred mice were made using flames and have your essence blood present, so their actions are under your control.”
“Now you can let these red furred rats explore the path, but they can only be used for exploring, after all, it’s just a drop of your essence blood, it doesn’t allow for these red furred rats to have the ability to fight yet!”
“By the time your drop of essence blood is consumed, these red furred rats will also disappear!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded and looked at those red furred rats very cute!
Because these red-furred rats were conjured from the flames condensed from the flame filaments within the cave, these red-furred rats were not the least bit uncomfortable with the environment within the cave!
This was also the reason why the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had asked Chen Ping to collect the flame filaments!
Soon, Chen Ping commanded the red furred rats to start heading towards different forks in the road while Chen Ping waited in place!
Every red furred rat’s movement could be accurately detected by Chen Ping, and even the places that the red furred rats saw could appear in Chen Ping’s brain!
Fortunately, Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was vast enough, otherwise the information brought by a dozen red-furred rats would have burst Chen Ping’s brain!
The speed of the dozen or so red-haired rats was extremely fast, constantly travelling within the cave!
“Just wait, I guess there won’t be any results in a short period of time, I think that while you are waiting for the results, you should still carve a defence spell formation around you to prevent any fierce beasts from coming out from within this cave!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said to Chen Ping after those red furred rats left!
Chen Ping stared blankly at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, he always felt that this fellow should know something, but he just didn’t say anything!
Chen Ping did not say anything more, but instead carved a simple defence formation around him!
After all, this cave was incredibly quiet, where were there any demonic beasts!
Carving a defence formation was just seeking a psychological comfort!
After doing all this, Chen Ping was bored waiting for the result of the red furred rat, casually holding the devil whip, from time to time, beating Elder Tu, making Elder Tu wail!
At this time, Elder Tu did not mention how much he regretted, regretted provoking Chen Ping to do what ah!
This guy was a devil, he could torture himself like this!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch looked at Chen Ping whipping Elder Tu for fun and couldn’t help but laugh!
It seemed that this fellow was also a careful eye, which was even more to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s temper!
Just as Chen Ping was whipping Elder Tu, he suddenly stopped, followed by a frown!
“Did you run into something?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch looked at Chen Ping in that manner and asked indifferently!