“Ten thousand year old herb? What ten thousand year old herb? Could it be that ten thousand year old herbs are coming out here?”
Zhu Hao said with a bewildered expression, “I just came over for a swim, and I just had an internal emergency, so I went to take a sh*t, but who knew that just shortly after squatting down, the Zheng Family Master just took action and blew me out.”
“I really didn’t expect the Zheng Family Master to be so irascible, taking a sh*t on your turf and even taking action!”
“Sir Zhu, let’s not talk in plain sight, what is the purpose of your visit here? It’s better to tell the truth.”
Zheng An Guo said with a cold face.
“I’ve come here for a tour, can’t I? If not, then we’ll go ……”
Zhu Hao finished and said to the old man beside him, “Let’s go ……”
The two men turned around and left, Zheng An Guo watched with an angry face but didn’t move!
Instead, that Zheng Kai took a healthy step and tried to go forward to stop that Zhu Hao!
But he was pulled by Zheng An Guo!
“Dad, what are you pulling me for, you can’t let them go, they are obviously running for the Ten Thousand Year Herb.”
Zheng Kai said anxiously.
Pop!
Zheng An Guo went up and gave Zheng Kai a slap, “When the f*ck are you going to grow up? You’re simply a piece of sh*t!”
“Although the Zhu family in the southwest has been silent, it has recently gained a lot of popularity, is it that easy to mess with?”
“Even if we stop that Zhu Hao, are we afraid that no one else will know about this matter?”
Zheng Kai covered his face with an aggrieved expression, “Then what?”
“Hey, what else can we do, we can only stop the soldiers and cover up the water, no matter who comes, this is South Lake, my Zheng family’s territory, we must not let others take that ten thousand year old medicinal herb away!”
Zheng Anguo’s eyes narrowed slightly, a cold intent flickering in his eyes!
After Zheng Anguo’s father and son left, Chen Ping and the others also left, now that they had determined the location, it was useless to stay there, and with so many people guarding the Zheng family, there was no way for Chen Ping and the others to get close!
Back in South Lake City, Chen Ping and the others found a hotel and stayed there!
“It seems that it is not a secret that this ten thousand year old herb is out of this world ……”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown.
The more people who knew about this matter now, the more difficult it would be for Chen Ping to get that Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb, and everyone would fight for their lives when faced with such a tempting resource.
“When this ten thousand year medicinal herb comes out, there will definitely be a heaven and earth vision, it is impossible to hide it from people, now I just don’t know how many people clans and families know about it.”
Pocky Hu’s face was also rather grave at this moment.
The appearance of such top resources was bound to cause a bloodbath, and strife was definitely inevitable.
“Let’s go, let’s go for a walk on the street, if this 10,000 year medicinal herb attracts many clans and families, we will definitely be able to feel the change on the street!”
Chen Ping called on Hu Ma Zi and prepared to go around the streets to see what he could find!
And at this time Zhou Jie approached and said, “Mr. Chen, our Vice Lord has something for me, I need to go back ……”
“Good, Miss Zhou take care on your way!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Through these few days of contact, Chen Ping had a good impression of Zhou Jie, and the one person in the entire Demon Spirit Sect that Chen Ping could trust the most was this Zhou Jie.
As long as that Song Qingping was also courteous and polite to himself, but Chen Ping always felt that Song Qingping was docile.
And then there was the Patriarch of the Demon Spirit Sect, who had not been seen since the last time he had met and said a few words!
Looking at Zhou Jie’s back, Hu Pocky said with a helpless look on his face, “This little girl, too innocent, sooner or later she will be tricked into bed by that Song Qingping, what a good woman, too bad ……”
Hu Pazzi sighed, his harrumphs almost didn’t flow out!
Looking at Hu Pazzi’s appearance, Chen Ping smiled lightly all: “You should not worry about it, people have already slept ……”
The moment Hu Pazi heard this, the whole person seemed to be instantly knocked, looked at Chen Ping in disbelief and asked, “What? Early to bed? Really?”