“Wait a minute.” Ge Yuhan pulled out the small vial from his pocket and handed it to Chen Ping: “If there is danger, this spider beast can still help you ward off.”
Ge Yuhan then told Chen Ping two incantations, before following Hu Ma Zi and leaving!
Chen Ping put the small bottle into his pocket, deliberately exposed his breath and started running in another direction!
Kawaguchi Kazuo, with that Sakata Masamura in hot pursuit, finally caught up with Chen Ping at a hillock.
“It really is you kid ……”
Looking at Chen Ping in front of him, Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes were full of killing intent, he had just sensed that the breath was Chen Ping’s.
Chen Ping had killed Jun Watanabe, and now he had destroyed their secret base, Kawaguchi Kazuo would never let him go.
“Little son Kawaguchi, how dare your island nation set up a private base here with us, and brutalize our compatriots and feed you demonic beasts, I will kill you today to avenge those who died.”
Chen Ping cursed at Kawaguchi Kazuo.
“Haha, don’t you think you’re funny? Even you can kill me with just you?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo laughed, not putting Chen Ping in his eyes in the slightest. Remember the website m.lqzw.org
“Whether I can kill you or not, just try.”
Chen Ping’s body began to glow with golden light, his imperishable golden body activated, and his body was instantly covered with scales!
At the same time, Chen Ping grabbed the small vial in his hand and prepared to release the spider beast, as long as the spider beast blocked Kawaguchi Kazuo for a while, he would be able to escape.
Chen Ping wasn’t foolish enough to actually fight that Kawaguchi Kazuo.
Right now, no matter in terms of strength or numbers, Chen Ping did not have an advantage.
“Humph, don’t measure yourself ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo coldly snorted, followed by his body’s aura beginning to rise, followed by a palm about to slap towards Chen Ping!
Kawaguchi Kazuo was about to make his move, but he was stopped by Sakata Masamura at the side, “Lord Kawaguchi, don’t kill him, this man’s soul is too powerful, if we can extract his soul and control it, then we have another expert under us.”
As soon as Kawaguchi Kazuo heard this, he nodded slightly, and only then did he collect his body aura!
“Sakata-kun, I’ll leave it to you then ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said.
“Lord Kawaguchi, just watch me ……”
Sakata Masamura said and took two steps towards Chen Ping, then sneered, “Kid, if you cooperate obediently, you will be spared the pain of scraping your bones and eating your heart, do you hear me?”
Chen Ping looked at that Sakata Masamura, who did not have much strength, so he smiled coldly, “I’ll cooperate with your mother, with this strength, you still want to arrest me?”
“Kid, don’t talk tough, you’ll know in a moment ……”
When Sakata Masamura finished speaking, a burst of black fog began to emerge from his entire body, and immediately after that those black fogs turned into a black shadow and instantly surrounded towards Chen Ping!
The moment the black shadow came into contact with Chen Ping, it directly entered Chen Ping’s body.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping personally froze, and his eyes instantly became dull!
Seeing this scene, a faint smile appeared on the corner of that Sakata Masamura’s mouth!
Kawaguchi Kazuo, on the other hand, was surprised and said, “Sakata-kun, this soul searching technique of yours is really getting stronger and stronger ……”
“Hahahaha, Lord Kawaguchi is overpraised, it’s average ……”
Sakata Masamura laughed out loud.
Soon, black mist began to emerge from Chen Ping’s body, followed by that one black shadow slowly leaving Chen Ping’s body, and within Chen Ping’s body, a human figure of only about half a meter was similarly brought out!
This figure was Chen Ping’s soul. Seeing Chen Ping’s soul leaving his body and being brought out, Sakata Masamura and Kawaguchi Kazuo laughed even louder!
But just after Chen Ping’s soul had escaped from his body, suddenly the soul’s body shone with golden light and immediately turned into a small golden man-like form!
Seeing this scene, both Sakata Masamura and Kawaguchi Kazuo were stunned, the two of them hadn’t reacted yet!