Hearing this voice, Butler Liu’s body shook slightly before he panicked and looked in the direction the voice came from!
Only to see a silhouette slowly appear, it was the young man who had watched Chen Ping and the others leave the city in South End City!
“Second Duke, how did you …… you come back?”
Seeing this young man, Butler Liu’s face was filled with incredulity!
This person was none other than the Mu Family’s Second Duke, Mu Qing!
“My elder brother and aunt were both killed, all the Mu Family’s sons and daughters have been recalled, can’t I just come back?”
“Am I not a son of the Mu Family?”
Mu Qing said with a cold face!
“No, no, no, no, the old slave by no means meant this, it’s just that the second son is out learning the art, and the master didn’t allow you to be notified.”
“What’s more, these people of ours are enough to deal with that Guanghan Palace, and there’s no need for the Second Prince to step in.”
Facing Mu Qing, Butler Liu had a slavish look on his face, no longer having that domineering look when facing the rest of the Mu family!
“Hmph, you don’t know yet, I saw that Chen Ping, with thousands of cultivators, heading to the Guang Han Palace in great numbers.”
“It’s obvious that they already had their defences in place.”
Mu Qing said coldly!
“Thousands of cultivators?”
Butler Liu was shocked, his face full of incredulity!
He did not expect that Chen Ping would be able to gather thousands of cultivators in such a short period of time!
“Second Prince, we are waiting for Master to come out of the gate, as long as Master comes out of the gate, even if they have more people, it won’t help.”
After being shocked, Butler Liu said!
After all, in front of absolute strength, quantity was less important!
“How long will it take for my father to emerge?”
Mu Qing asked!
“I don’t know, it should be just in these few days, in the middle of it, the old master’s divine soul went out of his body once, causing some damage, so the seclusion might take a little longer.”
Butler Liu said!
“There’s no need to wait for my father, I’ll take you guys to take revenge!”
Mu Qing said!
“Second Prince, never, you just said that that Chen Ping has brought thousands of cultivators to the Guang Han Palace, if we go without waiting for Master to come out of seclusion, it will be dangerous.”
“And that Guanghan Palace’s princess is in the Mahayana realm, it’s not that easy to deal with.”
“There’s also that Chen Ping, don’t look at his realm, but he’s very strong, the Grand Duke and also the Eldest Miss both died in his hands.”
“The eldest miss is not even a match for the peak of the Ferrying Realm, to defeat that Chen Ping, I’m afraid that it would take the Mahayana Realm to do so.”
Butler Liu hurriedly said in a dissuasive manner!
“Mahayana realm ……”
Mu Qing coldly smiled, then his body’s aura instantly erupted!
For a moment, the sky and the earth were dim, and boundless black mist filled the sky above the Mu Family, as if it was the end of the world!
And in the midst of this roiling black mist, a mass of flames continued to fall and then attached itself to Mu Qing’s body!
In just an instant, Mu Qing’s entire body turned into a fireman!
With a wave of Mu Qing’s hand, the heaven and earth visions instantly disappeared, and even the flames were gone!
“Second Duke, you …… you even broke through to the Mahayana realm as well?”
Butler Liu said incredulously!
“If I hadn’t broken through to the Mahayana Realm, I wouldn’t have dared to return home.”
“This time, can I head to the Broad Cold Palace to take revenge?”
Mu Qing said with a cold smile!
Butler Liu hesitated for a moment, then nodded his head and said, “Good, I will bring people to follow Second Prince along with me, although that Broad Cold Palace Lord is powerful, but the old slave still has the confidence to deal with it.”
“Second Prince only needs to kill that Chen Ping!”
Mu Qing nodded, “Don’t worry, I will definitely kill that Chen Ping and avenge my big brother and aunt.”
“Even if he got thousands of cultivators, what can he do, they are all just some little trash from the Transitional Succession realm!”
Mu Qing had just broken through to the Mahayana Realm, which called the Transition Realm trash!
Mu Qing and Butler Liu, with hundreds of mouths of the Mu Family, headed towards the Guanghan Palace in great numbers!
They didn’t wait for the Mu Family Head to come out of the gate!