Most of all, Chen Ping himself knew that he simply did not have that ability to resurrect Ge Cansheng’s daughter.
But looking at Ge Cansheng like that, Chen Ping finally had no choice but to agree!
Ge Cansheng was overjoyed, ordered a banquet and then let Chen Ping stay in the Ge family!
Chen Ping stayed in the Ge family for three days, and during those three days, Chen Ping gained a deeper understanding of the Immortal Cultivation Realm and the Secret Realm!
It turned out that the secret realm was no different from the secular world, where the major clans and families were fighting over resources!
Chen Ping had asked Ge Cansheng if he was sure if the Ge family could deal with the Purple Sky Mansion with their power at this time.
But Ge Cansheng did not know, because he was not in a secret realm, so Ge Cansheng did not know much about the strength of the Purple Sky House, so he had no way to determine if he could beat the Purple Sky House.
But if one fights across secret realms, the requirements for the strength of the attacking side are very demanding, otherwise when one reaches someone else’s territory, there will only be no return!
This was why there were teleportation arrays between the various secret realms, but few people teleported to other secret realms!
In the three days he had been here, Chen Ping had also learned about the strength of the Martial Alliance’s background from Ge Cang Sheng’s mouth.
It turned out that the current Martial Alliance had long since broken away from the Martial Realm!
Those who truly controlled the Martial Dao Alliance were some of the devil spirits that had survived after the God-Devil War.
Although these people died back then, many souls remained!
Now these spirits are using their corpses to prepare to rule the entire secular world and then slowly regain their strength!
Because of this, these spirits are not restricted by the laws in the secular realm, and their strength can grow without limit!
However, these immortal cultivators in the secret realm cannot stay in the mundane world for long.
They can only wait for the time when the heaven and earth change and the spiritual energy revives, when the secret realm disappears and these immortal cultivators can reappear!
At that time, these immortal cultivation clans will be able to get rid of the artificially created secret realm cage!
“Ai ……”
Sitting upright on the Ge Family’s highest honorable main seat, Chen Ping sighed softly!
The more he learned, the more he felt a sense of powerlessness!
He realized at this moment that he was like a speck of dust in the immortal cultivation world, only able to go with the flow ……
After staying in the Ge family land for three days, Chen Ping planned to leave, although the Ge family land was full of spiritual energy and had far more resources than the secular world.
But Chen Ping could not stay here forever, he had his own business to do!
“Hall Master, I’ll leave the little girl to you ……”
Ge Cansheng reluctantly, handed his daughter over to Chen Ping!
Because the secular world was depleted of spiritual energy, Ge Cang Sheng didn’t have to worry about his daughter’s flesh decaying.
“Clan Elder Ge, don’t worry, I will find a way to revive your daughter.” Chen Ping could only speak out to comfort Ge Cang Sheng, in fact, Chen Ping himself had no idea whether he could revive her or not!
“Hall Master, my daughter’s name is Ge Yuhan, although she only has one soul and one spirit, but after staying for a long time, she can still understand some words.”
Ge Cansheng said to Chen Ping.
“Good, don’t worry about it, Clan Elder Ge!”
Chen Ping took Ge Yuhan with him and followed Ge Fuhai as he left the Ge clan lands and returned to the secular world!
When Chen Ping appeared in the Ge Clan with Ge Yuhan, the jealousy on Ge Jiayi’s face flared up!
Ge Jiayi couldn’t understand how this Chen Ping had gone to the clan land and brought a girl back with him!
“Chen Ping, you’re enough of a philanderer, bringing a girl back after being gone for a few days?”
“Looks like you were all lying bullsh*t the other night, right?”
Ge Jiayi said to Chen Ping with great dissatisfaction.
“Miss Ge, you have misunderstood ……”
Chen Ping said with an embarra*sed smile.
But before Chen Ping could explain, Ge Fuhai, who was at the side, turned pale and yelled at Ge Jiayi, “Shut up, why are you talking after Mr. Chen? Is it your business what Mr. Chen wants to do?”
“You hurry up and go back to your room, what are you babbling about here?”