“Thank you Elder Chu, I hope that in the future, our Xiao Imperial Dynasty and the Demon Sealing Alliance can continue to work together to unify the entire Celestial Realm!”
Xiao Jian said with a faint smile!
“Hahaha, that’s for sure ……,” Elder Chu laughed loudly!
And at this moment, in the hall of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s headquarters, Zuo Tianzheng had already cracked his mouth to his cheeks in joy!
“Tenth Highness, I’ve said it before, the Xiao Dynasty is nothing more than that, with just a little trick, the Xiao Dynasty will be destroyed!”
“Now you see, in less than a quarter of an hour, the Xiao Dynasty will be changed!”
Zuo Tianzheng said happily!
He wanted to get a compliment from His Highness the Tenth and then let His Highness the Tenth know that he had made this trip for nothing!
Although the Xiao Dynasty was powerful, it was still taken down by himself!
But who knew that the Tenth Highness only smiled faintly, an intriguing smile appearing on his face!
This smile appeared on the face of a child who was only in his teens, making it somewhat puzzling to look at!
And within the Imperial City, Yu Wenqiang’s eyes widened in anger as he said to Xiao Jian, “Second Prince, do you really want to betray the Xiao Dynasty and Emperor Xiao?”
“He is your father ah, how could you possibly kill each other’s flesh and blood?”
Yu Wenqiang wanted to make Xiao Jian wake up and never be used by the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Prime Minister Yu, shut the hell up, if you are on my side now, I can continue to be the Prime Minister of the Xiao Dynasty.”
“But if you are still being foolishly loyal, then don’t blame me for not being polite.”
Xiao Jian said to Yu Wenqiang!
Yu Wenqiang knew that Xiao Jian was dead set on seizing the throne, so he no longer tried to persuade him, instead, the aura on his body skyrocketed!
“With me here, I won’t let anyone destroy the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!”
Yu Wenqiang’s aura filled the entire Imperial City.
To be able to become the prime minister of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Yu Wenqiang also had real skills!
Feeling Yu Wenqiang’s aura, Elder Chu said to Xiao Jian, “Prince Xiao, what happens next is up to you, if you need help, we can do it anytime!”
Elder Chu was going to let Xiao Jian lead the people to follow Xiao Feng into battle, so that the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty would kill each other!
They, the Demon Sealing Alliance, would then be able to reap the benefits, and if Xiao Jian’s forces also died or were heavily injured at that time, then the Demon Sealing Alliance would be able to completely swallow the Xiao Imperial Dynasty in a single bite, and Xiao Jian would not have to be a Xiao Emperor!
“Elder Chu, just watch the show!”
Xiao Jia smiled faintly and suddenly his face turned cold as he directly grabbed Elder Chu’s neck!
And at the same time, the people brought by Xiao Jian simultaneously moved against the Demon Sealing Alliance cultivators around them!
Because it was too sudden, many of the cultivators from the Demon Sealing Alliance did not react and died directly and tragically!
Elder Chu froze, even Yu Wenqiang and the others froze!
This sudden change of heart was just too fast, so fast that they did not react at all!
“Prince Xiao, what …… are you doing?”
Elder Chu asked with a face full of shock!
“What do you think?”Xiao Jian coldly smiled, “Your Demon Sealing Alliance still wants to separate me and my father, it’s simply laughable, the town of Cangwolf City is also my own choice, it’s not something that my father forced me to do.”
“My elder brother was crowned Crown Prince, I am also not jealous at all, I am still happy for my elder brother.”
“With this little trick of yours, it’s better to use it on someone else!”
Pfft!
Xiao Jian fiercely exerted his force, Elder Chu’s neck was instantly pinched and broken, and after a mouthful of blood was sprayed out of his mouth, there was no sound!
After Elder Chu died, Patriarch Zhou turned around and ran at the first opportunity, not even caring about Tian Luo and Tian Shi!
As soon as Patriarch Zhou ran, the many cultivators of the Demon Sealing Alliance were suddenly in chaos, and they all started to run for their lives!
“Kill …………”
Xiao Jian raised his arm and the cultivators he brought with him began to chase down the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Xiao Feng also snapped out of his shock at this moment and also waved his hand, “Kill for me, don’t let any of the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance go!”
This time, those cultivators from the Demon Sealing Alliance turned into prey and were being chased by the guards of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!