Chen Ping followed Ah Li and the others into the Security Hall, where at this moment there were quite a few people seeking medicine, and behind an eight immortal table, a man of only about thirty, with his eyes slightly closed, was calmly taking someone’s pulse!
“Brother Chen Ping, this man is the divine doctor Zhang ……”
Pillar whispered to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at that Divine Doctor Zhang and was a bit taken aback, he didn’t expect this Divine Doctor to be so young, not older than himself by a few years!
But to be called a divine doctor in a place like this, he probably wasn’t much stronger.
A Li and the others were waiting in line at the back of the room. Soon after the people in front of them left to ask for medicine, Yun’er rushed forward and said, “Doctor Zhang, I want to ask you to heal my grandmother’s eyes, I have money now ……”
The god doctor opened his eyes, and when he saw that it was Yun’er, he wasn’t the least bit surprised, it looked like he had seen Yun’er more than once!
“As long as there is money, let alone healing your granny’s eyes, even if I were to bring your granny back to life, where is the money?”
Divine Doctor Zhang asked to Yun’er!
“It’s here ……”
Yun’er hurriedly put the fifty spirit coins she had just sold for the demon wolf corpse in front of Divine Doctor Zhang!
The divine Doctor Zhang looked at the spirit coins, but shook his head slightly and said “There’s not enough money!”
“Divine Doctor Zhang, this is fifty spirit coins, I told you at first that fifty spirit coins would be enough.”
Yun’er said with a surprised face!
“That was the price a year ago, now it’s at least one hundred spirit coins to make it work!”
Divine Doctor Zhang said slowly!
When Yun’er heard this, she was directly dumbfounded, the fifty spirit coins were still unwanted by the others and then given to her to scrape together, now it had suddenly risen to one hundred spirit coins, where was she going to find them?
“Doctor Zhang, you can’t go back on your word, can you? You clearly said before that fifty spirit coins would be fine!”
Ah Li said with great dissatisfaction!
“That was before, now it’s one hundred spirit coins, if you don’t have the money, then leave quickly and don’t affect my business!”
Divine Doctor Zhang’s face also started to look gloomy!
“Divine Doctor Zhang, I beg you, please treat my grandma’s eyes!”
Yun’er said, and actually knelt down for that Divine Doctor Zhang!
Yun’er knew that if that Divine Doctor Zhang didn’t agree this time, she didn’t know when she would be able to save up enough one hundred spirit coins!
But Dr. Zhang was indifferent to Yun’er’s kneeling, without the slightest bit of pity, perhaps he had seen too many people kneeling down and begging!
“Yun’er, get up, a medicine man like this who has no medical ethics is no higher, I think he’s just blowing it out of proportion!”
Chen Ping went forward and helped Yun’er up, his eyes were full of disdain as he gave that Divine Doctor Zhang a look and said!
When Dr. Zhang saw that Chen Ping dared to say such things about himself, he said with a glare in his eyes, “Kid, you’re here to cause trouble on purpose, aren’t you? If you want to die, I will never let you walk out of Qing Shi Town alive.”
“Doctor Zhang, don’t be angry, this friend of mine is just talking nonsense!”
“Since Dr. Zhang’s price has gone up, we’ll just go and get the money together!”
When Ah Li saw that Divine Doctor Zhang was angry, he hurriedly explained, knowing the strength of Divine Doctor Zhang in Qing Shi Town.
If Divine Doctor Zhang said one word, they were afraid that no one would be able to leave Qing Shi Town!
“Get lost quickly!” Divine Doctor Zhang waved his hand!
Ah Li winked towards Chen Ping, telling him to stop talking and follow him out of here!
But Yun’er didn’t want to go, she wanted to beg this divine doctor again, but was forced out by Ah Li!
Everyone knew that this divine doctor treated money like his life, so how could he take pity on Yun’er!
But shortly after Chen Ping and the others had left, a man came out of a room behind the divine doctor, aged about forty or so and dressed in a strong suit.
Seeing this man, Dr. Zhang hurriedly got up and said, “Brother, what brings you here?”