“Same same same, I’ve been alive for almost ten thousand years, it’s normal to say you’re a little doll.”
“If you have nothing to do, go home to your mum to get milk, don’t learn from adults and always fight and kill!”
Daoist Wuji persuaded the Tenth Highness!
But this persuasion, how did it sound so awkward, it was like a mockery!
“Are you insulting me?”The Tenth Highness’s eyes stared slightly!
“Put? go away, yes!”
Daoist Wuji nodded!
The people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were all speechless for a while as they listened to Daoist Wuji’s words!
How could Daoist Wuji, who seemed so righteous and upright, speak in a somewhat amusing manner?
“Old mongrel, you’re not insulting me, you’re insulting our entire divine Hall, you’ll regret it!”
After the Tenth Highness finished speaking, the longsword in his hand was like a streak of thunder, directly swinging towards Daoist Wuji!
This sword shook the heavens and moved the earth!
Even the crowd that was a hundred miles away felt a terrifying pressure!
Chen Ping’s face was shocked, he really could not figure out how there were still forces behind this Demon Sealing Alliance!
And what was this Divine Hall?
How is it that the forces in this Celestial Realm followed the same as the companies in the secular world!
It’s like a set of children, parent company, subsidiary company, subsidiary company, subsidiary company……
What’s going on here?
Behind this temple, there won’t be any other forces, right?
In that case, is he still facing the Demon Sealing Alliance?
Chen Ping was speechless!
“Alliance Master, should we go together?”
At this time, the Demon Sealing Alliance cultivator who had just not finished his words, came to Zuo Tianzheng’s ear and asked!
Zuo Tianzheng’s face was very embarrassed as he felt that pressure!
He was thinking of doing it together, but right now, this pressure made it so that those of them couldn’t move at all!
Even if they wanted to do it together, they were afraid that before they got close, all of them would be turned into ashes!
That cultivator saw Zuo Tianzheng’s ugly face and secretly laughed!
He was asking on purpose, in order to embarrass Zuo Tianzheng!
What strength does he not know?
It was simply retarded to think of a group fight on an occasion like this!
Daoist Wuji snorted coldly and waved his duster!
Boom!
Boom!
The sword awn shattered, and the Ten Highnesses fell back a hundred miles!
And Daoist Wuji remained motionless!
Not even a hint of fatigue could be seen!
“What’s wrong with you? If it’s because you haven’t eaten, I can allow you to go back and eat your milk and fight again when you return.”
Daoist Wuji said!
“F*ck ……”
His 10th Highness’ face was grim as he suddenly took a step forward, and a diamond-shaped crystal-like object appeared in his hand!
From within that thing, a light shot up into the sky!
Immediately after that, countless mysterious powers came from nowhere and then converged within that 10th Highness.
At the same time, the longsword in his hand began to buzz, and a silhouette loomed above the longsword!
“Sword Spirit?”
Seeing the silhouette that appeared on the longsword in that Tenth Highness’s hand, Chen Ping immediately recognised that it was the Sword Spirit!
This Tenth Highness was so powerful that it was normal for the sword in his hand to possess a sword spirit!
Along with the mysterious power entering the body of the Tenth Highness, the body of the Tenth Highness unexpectedly slowly began to become illusory!
A terrifying sword path shook out in all directions!
Seeing this, the crowd panicked and began to retreat!
However, the speed at which the sword dao was stirring was too fast, so much so that many people were unable to retreat in time!
Seeing this, Xiao Yuanshan panicked and then struck out a drop barrier to protect the crowd!
However, that barrier was instantly crushed by the sword path and did not even last a second!
Xiao Yuanshan’s face was incomparably ugly!
He had just had a huge battle and had lost too much strength!
As for Grandmaster Limitless, Grandmaster Wu Wei, at this moment, neither of them were capable of blocking the raging sword dao!
“Everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty block this sword dao!”
The old Sage finished speaking and took the lead!
A barrier was continuously waved out, while the other experts of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty saw this and also desperately waved out barriers to protect everyone!
However, these barriers, in front of that sudden outburst of sword dao, were so fragile that they were not even as good as a piece of paper!
The faces of every Xiao Imperial Dynasty expert became very ugly!
“I’ll do it ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping stood out!