Not to mention Yuan Baozhong, even that Master He, Chen Ping might not be able to compete, after all, Chen Ping was still young, to know that no matter a martial artist, a warlock, a cultivator, all need time to sharpen!
“Kid, are you blind, I just opened the formation in this eight trigrams plate, can’t you see? Still dare to say that this is just a piece of rotten wood?”
Yuan Baozhong stared coldly at Chen Ping!
How could the No. 1 spell master in China and Hong Kong tolerate a little kid’s repeated provocations!
That Zou Zhaolong also looked at Chen Ping with an unhappy face, if it wasn’t for this Chen Ping, this Eight Trigrams Plate of his would’ve been madly grabbed by the crowd at a high price by now, and now this fellow even kept messing up from it!
“Kid, you really have a lot of guts, you even dare to question Grandmaster Yuan, do you know how great Grandmaster Yuan’s skills are?”
That Grandmaster He looked at Chen Ping and said with a cold smile on his face.
This Grandmaster He was trying to step on Chen Ping to butter up that Yuan Baozhong, the hand that Yuan Baozhong had just shown was enough for those other Grandmasters to bow down and worship!
“Hum ……” Chen Ping coldly laughed: “It is because I am not blind that I will not be deceived by you. The spell formation in that eight trigrams plate, do you really think that no one can see it?”
Chen Ping’s words instantly hit the sore spot of that Master He and Yuan Baozhong, both of them were indeed using their own magic techniques and did not activate any spell formation, only that Yuan Baozhong was so skilled that no one was able to see it.
As for that Master He, someone had seen it and did not say so explicitly. At the very least, that Yuan Baozhong knew that Master He was lying, but it was to his advantage, so why should he expose that Master He?
“Kid, what are you babbling about? Is it possible that the vision just now was my own magic? Do you mean to say that everyone is blind and only you saw it?”
Yuan Baozhong roared in anger and anger!
With these words, Yuan Baozhong was obviously drawing trouble to the east, to make everyone unhappy with Chen Ping!
Sure enough, as soon as Yuan Baozhong’s words fell, the crowd started ranting and cursing directly at Chen Ping!
“You f*cking little brat, how dare you call us all blind? Who didn’t see the vision of the spell formation just now?”
“Bai Xiushan, where did you hire this kid from, what the hell is he?”
“I’ve been studying magic for decades, but have I become blind?”
“I have never seen such a pretentious person, it seems that he has not been beaten by society!”
…………
The fact is that the people who can sit here are all the major powerful families in Kyoto, many of them are not worse than the Bai family, so Bai Xiushan can only look ugly and dare not say anything as he listens to the ranting and raving of the crowd!
He couldn’t follow the entire circle of Kyoto’s powerful families as enemies, could he? The Bai family was not yet so powerful as to dominate the whole of Kyoto!
Seeing the crowd ranting and cursing at Chen Ping, Grandmaster Yuan’s face slightly eased up a little, and that Qin Xiaotian was even smiling from ear to ear.
“Kid, you said that what Grandmaster Yuan activated was not the Eight Trigrams Plate’s formation, what proof do you have? You can’t just make empty promises, can you? If you don’t have that ability, apart from the two billion you lost, you won’t be able to walk out of Kyoto today ……”
The first thing you need to do is to show that you have the ability to do it.
“Do you want proof?” Chen Ping looked at that Qin Xiaotian and asked playfully.
“Nonsense, without proof that this eight trigrams plate is a piece of rotten wood, then it is you who lost, it is you who are talking nonsense ……”
Qin Xiaotian snorted coldly!
“Do you want me to produce evidence too?” Chen Ping asked as he looked at that Yuan Baozhong.
Yuan Baozhong was just about to speak, but Chen Ping continued, “You can think about it, you know best what this eight trigrams plate is!”