Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi entered the water and kept swimming downwards. As they kept going downwards, the light started to become dimmer and dimmer, and the surroundings became pitch black!
“Chen Ping, it’s pitch black here, where’s the light?”
Hu Ma Zi looked around and was a bit nervous, pulling Chen Ping’s coat by the horns!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was exuding his aura, forming a barrier around them both as his body continued to fall!
“Can’t you see the light source?”
Chen Ping asked in amazement, looking at Hu Ma Zi.
“I really can’t see it, it’s pitch black all around, if there was a light, I would have found it already, you’re scaring me!”
Hu Puzi looked around and his face turned a bit ugly!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but frowned slightly and followed the light source!
He couldn’t understand why Hu Puzi couldn’t see the light source, but only he could see it.
As Chen Ping and the others continued to descend, they soon entered a very small gully, and looking at the dark and depressing gully, Hu Ma Zi regretted that he should not have followed Chen Ping down.
But as things stood, he could only hold on to the corner of Chen Ping’s coat and kept descending!
I don’t know how long it took, but the water, which was as dark as ink, suddenly became bright!
“What’s that?”
Hu Pazi also noticed the bright light and exclaimed.
Chen Ping also looked towards the light and found a white bone, which was emitting light.
This made Chen Ping very curious, wondering how there could be white bones in the deep sea.
How could the white bones be glowing?
When Chen Ping and Hu Pazi came closer, they saw that the white bone was crystal clear and glowing, just like crystal!
“Is this a real human bone, or is it made of crystal?”
Hu Ma Zi squatted down and observed carefully.
The skeleton was so complete that even the fingers were clearly visible, but I didn’t know why such a white bone had suddenly appeared here!
Chen Ping looked closely at the white bone and suddenly found some special patterns on the skull.
The skull was covered with horizontal and vertical lines, and there were even some markings, which was very new to Chen Ping!
“Master Hu, what do you see here?”
Chen Ping called Hu Pazi to look at the special lines on the skull.
After taking a closer look, Hu Pazi said with astonishment, “This looks like a map.
“Look here, does it look like the Kunlun Mountains, and here, here …………”
After Hu Pazi pointed out the lines on the top, and after Hu Pazi said so, Chen Ping found that the map drawn on the top was really the map of this area, and the places that were specially marked were probably some kind of relics and treasures!
After all, thousands of years ago on Earth, there were immortal sects everywhere, and all kinds of heaven and earth treasures existed, so it was normal for some relics and treasures to appear now!
“But who the hell is this? How could he have carved this treasure map on his own skull?”
“And how did his bones end up here?”
Chen Ping asked.
“I don’t know, but this Jean’s bones are here, so he must have been killed at sea and then dumped here.”
“Plus the environment in the sea, the bones started to crystalise and eventually became like this.”
“But you were able to find this light on the surface of the sea, so this is a kind of guidance for you.”
Hu Ma Zi could not explain the history of this corpse and why he carved the treasure map on his own skull, after all, no one in his right mind would do that.