Only Hu Ma Zi was not worried, and seeing the worried look of these two father and daughter, he advised, “Don’t worry about it, Chen Ping will be fine.”
Chen Ping had now reached the Out-of-Body realm, and even if Toyotomi Hideyoshi did not capture Chen Ping’s soul, Chen Ping himself could still have his soul out of his body.
When Toyotomi Hideyoshi saw that he had easily captured Chen Ping’s soul, he could not help but laugh out loud.
“Hahahaha, so arrogant, I thought how bullish it was, but I didn’t expect the divine soul to be so fragile, so easily caught out by me!”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi looked at Chen Ping’s physical body with a look of excitement on his face!
“Have you had enough of laughing?”
At this moment, however, Chen Ping suddenly spoke slowly, followed by a radiant green aura appearing above his palm.
Right now, Chen Ping’s soul had no way to use the Dragon Cutting Sword, but he still had this small means of condensing Qi into a sword!
The radiant green aura transformed into a long sword, and the light instantly illuminated the entire divine Hall.
Chen Ping then flicked it, and the blade flashed out, instantly chopping at the huge palm!
Poof …………
After a muffled sound, one could only see that huge palm instantly being severed, while Chen Ping’s soul was left without control and instantly returned within its body!
“This …………”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi jerked up and couldn’t help but take a few steps backwards!
He did not expect that Chen Ping’s soul, having left his body, would still have the strength to fight and be able to condense his Qi into a sword, this was simply incredible.
One had to know that when the soul left the body, the strength would drop a lot, and in some cases, the soul’s combat power was not there at all.
Only after possession could some of the strength be restored!
But Chen Ping could condense qi into a sword with his soul alone, and it was so strong!
Toyotomi Hideyoshi himself, if his divine soul had left his body, now he didn’t even know if he could reach Chen Ping’s level!
“It seems that I underestimated you, I didn’t expect your divine soul to be so strong that it still possesses the strength of your original body.”
“But even if that’s the case, it’s no big deal, I’ll just kill you and end up taking your physical body in the end.”
“Although in this way, your Golden Dragon True Body physique will be reduced, but for me, it is enough ……”
With that, Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s huge palm that had just been blown off slowly began to reappear above Chen Ping’s head!
“I tell you, in this shrine, I am the master, you will never be able to kill me!”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi swiftly slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!
A huge palm that pressed down on Chen Ping like a small mountain!
And with a wave of his right hand, Chen Ping took the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, his sword qi spreading across the sky and cutting through the air!
At this moment, those believers outside were all looking up at the vision inside the shrine, revealing terrified expressions!
They had to know that their gods were living inside!
But at this moment, the black clouds over the shrine were so thick that it had to terrify them!
Rumble …………
All of a sudden, the ground shook.
Immediately afterwards, the majestic shrine actually burst with a loud bang!
It was as if the whole shrine had been bombarded, instantly splitting apart, and many of the believers, unable to dodge in time, were actually killed by the masonry scattered in all directions!
In an instant, the square in front of the altar was filled with wailing and blood flowing!
The crowd saw a black shadow leap up and then land on top of the statue!
It was a dry old man, as if he hadn’t eaten for a long time, and the bones of his body could be seen through his skin!
At this, everyone froze, they didn’t know who this old man was!
And then a young man flew out and landed firmly on the altar, looking coldly at the old man on the statue!
“In order to stay alive, you have even destroyed the shrine that has fed you for a hundred years, how else can you make your followers accept this?”
Chen Ping looked at that Toyotomi Hideyoshi with a faint smile and said.
Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s face was now ugly to the extreme as he stood on his statue and stared angrily at Chen Ping!
At that moment, Hu Ma Zi and the others hurriedly ran out, as did that Ono Koichi!