“Master Tiger, don’t beat him to death at once, but torture him to death …………”
When he saw Lin Tianhu coming, Xiao Lei immediately screamed.
“You are teaching me to do something?”
Lin Tianhu frowned and looked at that Xiao Lei!
With just this glance, it scared that Xiao Lei almost didn’t wet his trousers and backed up, “I dare not dare ……”
“b*****d, how dare you talk to Master Tiger like that!” Xiao Yan stepped forward and gave Xiao Lei a fierce slap before saying with a face full of smiles, “Master Tiger, my dog’s son is ignorant, I hope Master Tiger will not be offended!”
“Xiao Yan, let me tell you, I, Lin Tianhu, do owe your Xiao family a favour, but I am not an underling of your Xiao family, I hope you understand!”
Lin Tianhu said in a cold voice!
“Understand, understand, Master Tiger is a guest of my Xiao family, how can he be an inferior!”
Xiao Yan was frightened to the point of cold sweat and glared fiercely at his own son!
That Xiao Lei, who was originally in pain from his broken arm, had just had his arm slapped by Xiao Yan and was now lowering his head, not daring to say a word!
Seeing that Xiao Yan’s attitude was still okay, Lin Tianhu put his gaze back on Chen Ping!
“Master Tiger, Mr. Chen was also impulsive, that bride was Mr. Chen’s girlfriend, but she was snatched away by this Xiao Lei, all Mr. Chen has some resentment!”
Su Wenzong hurriedly stepped forward and followed Lin Tianhu with a face full of smiles as he explained!
“Oh!” Lin Tianhu nodded, finally understanding that this guy, who looked like no more than an ordinary guy, dared to make trouble at the Xiao family wedding, so it was because his girlfriend had been snatched.
But soon, Lin Tianhu reacted and suddenly froze and said to Su Wenzong, “What did you call him?”
Su Wenzong was the richest man in Hongcheng, how could he possibly address an ordinary young man in his early twenties as sir, there must be a reason for this!
“Mr. Chen!” Su Wenzong was bewildered, but he quickly understood Lin Tianhu’s meaning and explained, “Mr. Chen saved my life, so no matter what, I have to protect him today!”
Only then did Lin Tianhu completely understand what was going on, to put it mildly it wasn’t a big deal, but with the Su family and the Xiao family going toe to toe, this was a big deal, that’s why the Xiao family had brought themselves here!
“It’s such a small matter, look what your two families have become! Since that boy caused trouble at the wedding and beat up the Xiao family’s boy, you can’t let him off lightly, but he’s not guilty to death, so let him break his arm and apologise in public, admit his mistake and get lost!”
Lin Tianhu reprimanded both Su Wenzong and Xiao Yan, but neither of them dared to retort!
He was able to become the underground emperor of Hong City, Lin Tianhu did not only rely on his fists, but also on his mind.
In this way, the Xiao family would have face and the Su family would not be offended, for Lin Tianhu, it would be the best of both worlds!
“Do you two think what I said is okay?”
Lin Tianhu saw that Su Wenzong and Xiao Yan were silent, so he asked again.
He did not ask Chen Ping, the party in question, because in his eyes, Chen Ping was a pawn and he would have to move however he was told to move.
“All listen to Master Tiger!”
Who dared to refute Su Wenzong and Xiao Yan?
“Isn’t that the end of it, why make a big deal out of it as if it was so serious!” Lin Tianhu chuckled before he looked at Chen Ping and said, “Kid, you made a scene at someone’s wedding and beat up their son, now break your own arm and apologise to them and you will be let go, otherwise you would not have been able to leave today!”
Chen Ping looked at Xiao Lei who was full of smugness, he was waiting for Chen Ping to break his own arm and then go over and apologize to him.
“They don’t deserve …………”
Chen Ping spat out four words indifferently!