But just as the giant hand reached the front of the rockery, a blazing light suddenly shone from the rockery, and under the light, the giant hand made of black mist instantly turned into nothingness and disappeared without a trace!
Long Xiao was stunned, his eyes full of incredulity, although he had not used his full strength just now, but that blow had not even managed to destroy the fake mountain!
“Martial Alliance, there really is something, I don’t believe I can’t break a formation ……”
Long Xiao said, gathering black mist again, this time with an even more terrifying aura.
“Stop it, you can’t break this spell formation ……”
At this moment, the old voice in Long Xiao’s head rang out!
“Senior, can this formation not even be broken by my strength as a Grand Martial Marquis?”
Long Xiao didn’t quite believe it.
What kind of person had laid a formation that even he, a Grand Martial Marquis, could not break.
“This is an ancient Soul Locking Formation, even though the person who set it up only exerted half of the power of this formation, it is not something that you, a Grand Martial Marquis, can forcefully break.”
“I didn’t expect that the Martial Alliance would still have someone who could set up this formation, it seems that the Martial Alliance is really not simple ……”
The pale old voice said with a bit of surprise in it.
Seeing this, Long Xiao could only sigh and retreat!
Soon, the news that the Martial Dao Alliance was under the control of the Long Family spread throughout the entire Kyoto Martial Dao community!
And Long Xiao hosted a banquet at the Long family’s home, inviting all the major clans and families of the Kyoto martial arts world to attend!
Long Xiao’s intention this time was very obvious!
Anyone who came was considered a friend of the Long family, and anyone who didn’t come would be eliminated by Long Xiao!
He wanted to bring the entire martial arts world of Kyoto under the Dragon Family’s feet!
Although many clans and families were not convinced, they could only swallow their anger due to Long Xiao’s current strength!
Even Zhu Zhishan of the Martial Arts Alliance, Long Xiao dared to kill him, what else would he not dare to do?
On the day of the Long family feast, almost the entire martial arts community of Kyoto was present, which made Long Xiao’s heart swell to the core!
As Long Jingguo looked at the spectacle before him, he was also overwhelmed with excitement!
Even when the Long Family was at its peak, there had never been such a spectacular sight!
As the head of the Dragon Family and the current head of the Martial Arts Alliance, Long Jingguo was dressed very grandly and waited for everyone to arrive before he took his seat!
“Xing Xu, all the clans and families in the martial arts world, have they all come?”
Long Jingguo asked as he turned to Long Xingxu.
“Master, except for the Dong and Ge families, all of them have come ……”
Long Xingxu said in a small voice.
“Humph, it’s this Dong family and Ge family again, always presumptuous, now our Long family is not like back then, so disgraceful ……”
Long Jingguo’s face chilled after hearing this.
“Dad, don’t worry, these two families will soon disappear from the Kyoto martial arts world ……”
At the side, Long Xiao’s body vaguely emitted a cold aura and said.
“En.” Long Jingguo nodded, then looked at Long Xingxu and said, “You go out and entertain those people, don’t lose the style of our Long Family ……”
“Understood, Master ……”
Long Xingxu retreated, and just as he stepped out of the doorway, a few moments of worry flashed across Long Xingxu’s face!
He had been holding back and spying on the Long Family’s family headship!
But now, that Long Xiao had actually been promoted to Grand Martial Marquis, then he was afraid that it would be much harder for him to seize the Long Family’s headship again.
Originally, he had wanted to help himself destroy Long Jingguo’s father and son through Chen Ping’s hands, so that he could take the Long Family’s headship.
However, he had not expected that Chen Ping would disappear with his life and death unknown, disappearing for months at a time!
Long Xingxu took a deep breath, then gathered the rest of the Long Family and began to greet those from the clan and family.
But in the bottom of Long Xingxu’s heart, he would never give up just like that.
The sword was hidden in its sheath, and the killing intent was hidden in his heart ……