“Well, it’s just that I haven’t had any contact in the last few years, so I don’t know how it’s going!” Sun Fuhai nodded.
“Now maybe long ago became a big official, later came, you guys have a good catch up ……” Li Fengxia a face of excitement, and then looked at the sofa Sun Xiaomeng said: “quickly go to change clothes go, later home guests, you The actual fact is that you will be able to get a lot more than just a few of these. And your father, the old cla*s leader’s family has a son, when they come together, maybe …………”
“Aiya, mum, you quickly stop, I have a boyfriend now, you do not know, really annoying ……”
Sun Xiaomeng stood up from the sofa and walked towards the bedroom with an impatient face!
“You girl, I’m not doing this for your own good, that Cui Zhiyuan is just a company sales manager, the other guy here is a second generation official, can it be the same?”
Li Fengxia yelled behind her back!
Sun Xiaomeng didn’t say anything, but went into the bedroom and then closed the door hard!
“This child is too disobedient ……” Li Fengxia muttered, and then said to Sun Fuhai: “Old Sun, I’m going to wash some fruits, you remember to call and book a hotel, a better one, and have a meal together at noon! ”
“Okay!” Sun Fuhai nodded his head!
Soon, Chen Ping’s family arrived, and after ringing the doorbell, Sun Fuhai hurriedly went to open the door!
As soon as Chen Baoguo and Sun Fuhai met, both of them faintly stared, before hugging each other heavily!
“Old cla*s leader, I’ve missed you, you’ve changed so much over the years, your hair has turned quite white ……”
Sun Fuhai laughed!
“Haha, you brat has also gotten blessed, with your current size, you still dare to wear a military uniform ……”
Chen Baoguo laughed and hammered Sun Fuhai.
Sun Fuhai put his eyes on Tang Hongying and Chen Ping, and after he saw that although Tang Hongying’s eyes were open, they were listless, as if he couldn’t see anything, his whole body was slightly stunned!
Seeing this, Chen Baoguo hurriedly introduced himself, “This is my wife Tang Hongying, who fell ill a few years ago and became blind in both eyes.”
Sun Fuhai hurriedly said to Tang Hongying, “Good sister-in-law, hurry up and sit inside ……”
Tang Hongying this is a smile on her face, nodded repeatedly: “Good, I often heard old Chen mention your things back then at home ……”
“If it wasn’t for the old cla*s leader back then, I would have been reincarnated by now!”
Sun Fuhai hurriedly a*sisted Tang Hongying into the room!
“Uncle Sun, I’ll do it ……,” Chen Ping stepped forward and a*sisted Tang Hongying!
“This is my son Chen Ping ……” said Chen Baoguo!
“Well, a talented man, just like your father back then!”
Sun Fuhai glanced at Chen Ping and said with a smile!
Chen Ping smiled after him, Sun Fuhai gave him a good impression, and the smile on his face was sincere and not pretentious!
But no one noticed that after Sun Fuhai’s remark, both Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying’s faces changed slightly, but it was only a flash!
“Old Sun, is it the old cla*s leader who is here?”
Li Fengxia walked out of the kitchen with another large plate of fruit and hurriedly greeted him!
“Old squad leader, this is my wife Li Fengxia ……”
Sun Fuhai followed Chen Baoguo and introduced her!
“Hello sister-in-law ……” Chen Baoguo smiled faintly!
Li Fengxia froze for a moment, she found Chen Baoguo all in ordinary clothes, hair white, and does not have the kind of high official majesty, and then look at the side of Tang Hongying followed by Chen Ping, are also plain and simple, simply an ordinary person!
“Are all big officials so plain now?” Li Fengxia muttered in her heart!
“What are you staring at? The old cla*s leader is talking to you!” Sun Fuhai saw that Li Fengxia was frozen, so he pulled a hand and said!
“Oh, hello big brother, hello sister-in-law, have a seat, I washed the fruit for you!”
Li Fengxia reacted and hurriedly greeted her with a smile!