“Could it be that he’s trying to scare us away with his Transition Realm Sixth Grade aura?”
The green-clothed middle-aged man smiled coldly in his heart, then spoke, “Fellow Daoist, we just stepped into the Divine Demon Battlefield, and found a seven-coloured haze rising up to the sky, I wonder what kind of treasure emitted it?”
“Don’t worry, we are just taking a look, since fellow Daoist made the first move, we will never snatch it, our Skywolf Sect is definitely a man of their word.”
The voice reached Chen Ping and that Luo Xi’s ears, after hearing the Skywolf Sect, Luo Xi’s face changed slightly!
“I didn’t expect that someone from the Skywolf Sect would also come, it seems that throughout the Celestial Realm, there are quite a few people who have come to this Divine Demon Battlefield.”
Roxie said!
“What? You know someone from the Skywolf Sect?” Chen Ping asked!
With regards to the Celestial Realm, Chen Ping knew very little and did not know what this Celestial Wolf Sect was!
“I know, this Skywolf Sect is a sect in the Western Region, these guys are the worst, and they don’t keep their words, all of them are lustful.”
“I followed my senior brother to the western region and ran into people from the Skywolf Sect, at that time, I was still sick again and was almost defiled by people from the Skywolf Sect.”
“Luckily, my senior brother desperately saved me, and the two of us escaped to the Northern Region.”
Luo Xi said with a face of indignation!
“The Skywolf Sect is actually such a person?” Chen Ping didn’t expect that this kind of person would even dare to say that he was true to his word and declare himself!
“So it’s a Taoist friend of the Skywolf Sect ah, disrespectful disrespectful ah ……”
Chen Ping decided to tease these Skywolf Sect guys for a while, so he opened his mouth and said!
The green-robed middle-aged man heard the other side back, and also very polite, thought to be Tian Lang Sect name scared, so full of complacency, “Friend, I hope you can tear off the array, let us see the treasure style ah.”
“If you have concerns, I can go in by myself, and definitely won’t be tempted by your treasures.” r>
“I’m sure you’ve heard of our Skywolf Sect, in the entire Western Region, our Skywolf Sect is the most honest sect out there.”
The green-clothed middle-aged man boasted about himself, almost causing Chen Ping to stifle his laughter!
“Of course I have heard of the great name of the Skywolf Sect, the entire Celestial Realm has legends of the Skywolf Sect, and legend has it that the disciples of the Skywolf Sect, each and every one of them is a great lustful wolf, who does not even spare their own relatives.”
“So much so that the Celestial Wolf Sect’s women have now become public things, and the members of the Celestial Wolf Sect have all become bast*rds ……”
Chen Ping said nonchalantly!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Luo Xi couldn’t help but laugh, she really didn’t expect that Chen Ping would say this!
And the young middle aged man froze, then became furious “Ah ………… brat, I will kill you, I will break you into pieces.”
“And the woman in this formation, I am going to strip her naked and make her our slave ……”
The green clothed middle aged man roared angrily, and then with a wave of his hand, the others also fell down!
These people surrounded Chen Ping’s formation, accompanied by a wave of the young middle-aged man’s hand, all of these people entered inside the formation together!
The reason why they were like this was so that the people in the formation should not be able to take care of them, through the conversation they had just had, the young middle-aged man in green clothes had long guessed that there would not be many people in the formation!
Maybe there was only one man and one woman, in that case they rushed in together, so that the other party would not be able to react!
Seeing the other party enter together, Luo Xi’s complexion became a little tense!
Seeing Luo Xi nervous, Chen Ping comforted “Don’t be afraid, as long as these guys enter the formation, that is the anointing to stay in, I’ve already laid an illusionary formation in the white mist, they fall into the illusionary formation, it’s not scary.”
Luo Xi had Chen Ping comforting her, then she put her heart down and nodded!
Luo Xi then raised his sword towards the cultivators who had intruded, Luo Xi’s eyes were filled with anger!