“What do you mean?”
The old man said with a slight frown!
“What do you think?” Chen Ping smiled!
Ka …………
Hearing only a crisp sound, a crack actually appeared above the barrier!
The crowd looked at the crack, one by one, all dumbfounded, did not expect that the barrier was really broken!
Originally they thought there was no hope, after all, after blasting for so half a day, everyone was almost exhausted, and now the old man came to his senses, none of them could escape!
But now, the barrier is actually cracked!
“Don’t all freeze, hurry up and continue blasting ah ……”
Ning Cai Chen saw the situation, hurriedly greeted the crowd to continue blasting up!
This time, the crowd was even more vigorous, and even used all their strength!
The clacking sounds continued, and the cracks on the barrier grew larger and larger!
The old man looked at Chen Ping with a cold face, somewhat incredulously “I didn’t expect that you, a mere fourth-ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm, would find out where the eyes of the formation are and unite so many people to break my formation!”
“If I don’t kill you today, then won’t I lose face?”
“I said, you can’t kill me ……” Chen Ping said, the whole person turned into a golden light and slammed towards that barrier!
Rumble …………
With a deafening sound, the barrier was instantly shattered by Chen Ping, and Chen Ping’s body rushed straight out!
Seeing this, the others fled outwards!
Seeing this, the old man wanted to chase after him, but his body reached the boundary of the altar, and he didn’t!
He is just a wisp of soul, if he leaves here, his strength will be greatly reduced, then even if he catches up with Chen Ping and the others, I’m afraid he will not be able to fight!
The old man looked at the Golden Fury and others still immersed in the illusion formation, angry a wave of his hand, the illusion formation was instantly broken!
The Golden Fury all looked around with a dumbfounded look!
“What’s going on, what’s going on?”
> Several people shouted in confusion!
“You’ve fallen into the illusion formation, and the people have all run away, go chase them for me right now.”
“Get the people back for me, when the time comes, there will be no shortage of benefits for you ……”
The old man said to the Golden Fury few people!
“Senior don’t worry, we will definitely get the people back for you ……”
With that, Gold Fury and the five of them quickly chased out!
“Brother Chen, thank you so much for today, if it wasn’t for you, we would all be dead here ……”
After escaping some distance away, Yuan Bao gratefully said to Chen Ping!
“That’s right, if it wasn’t for fellow Daoist Chen, we wouldn’t have known it was a trap!”
“What kind of person treasure place is this, it’s obviously a trap!”
The crowd lamented!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping who discovered that it was a trap, recognized the old man, and helped them to suck away the strange power of the Ice Soul Fragment, they would still be turtles in a jar!
“Although we escaped from the altar, but everyone should not be careless, we are not able to completely escape from here yet.”
“But leaving the altar, we will be relatively safe, that old guy left the altar, the strength will drop.”
Chen Ping barked at the crowd!
“No harm, I’ll contact my friends outside, we’ll be able to find a way out by then.”
Saying that, a cultivator pulled out a talisman and threw it violently towards the mid-air!
Boom …………
But just as the talisman was thrown, it burst into flames instantly!
“What’s going on with this ……? Can’t the message get through?” The cultivator was shocked!
“It can’t get out, I’ve just tried, even our family heirloom divine sense sound transmission technique doesn’t work!”
At this point Ning Cai Chen spoke up!
It seems he intended to contact the Ning family as soon as he escaped, after all, his son was killed by the Five Elements Heavenly Furies, he had to take revenge to do so!
But with his current strength, there is no way to take revenge, he can only contact the family and send more people!