Chen Ping headed towards the woman, reaching out to try and remove the woman’s mask!
After all, with such a good figure and white, smooth skin, it was believed that the looks were also very charged!
Seeing that Chen Ping was actually trying to remove her mask, the woman .Greatly alarmed, the longsword in her hand slashed through mid-air, instantly intertwining into a network of sharp swords, directly blocking Chen Ping’s path, while rapidly retreating at the same time!
She must not allow Chen Ping to remove her mask, this was her secret that no one knew, if she wore the mask, it could still give everyone reverie, but if the mask was removed, she knew that Chen Ping would definitely be shocked!
But just as the woman retreated, Chen Ping just flicked his hand, the intertwined sword network was instantly chopped up by Chen Ping, it did not give Chen Ping any obstruction at all, Chen Ping’s body was still getting closer!
“If you are getting closer, I will kill you ……”
The woman said with some shock as she held her long sword!
However, Chen Ping acted as if he did not hear it, and had to remove the woman’s mask!
The woman could only swing her sword towards Chen Ping, while Chen Ping used this Dragon Cutting Sword to block!
Clang!
A crisp sound came over, and the longsword in the woman’s hand unexpectedly broke in response!
This time, the woman was completely dumbfounded, to know that the longsword in her hand was a precious sword that cut iron like mud, now it even broke?
Just when the woman was in a daze, Chen Ping had already arrived in front of her!
Only to see Chen Ping grabbing at the woman’s mask!
The woman reacted and dropped the broken sword in her hand, wanting to slap at Chen Ping, but she was grabbed by Chen Ping’s wrist and brought under control!
The woman twisted her body, but found that she was simply unable to break free!
Chen Ping controlled the woman and took him into his arms, then his other hand went towards the woman’s mask!
“Don’t, please, don’t ah ……”
The woman began to panic, constantly following Chen Ping and begging for mercy, begging Chen Ping not to take off her mask!
Chen Ping’s hand stopped and asked in a cold voice, “You care so much about the mask on your face, are you afraid of people seeing you because you are an ugly monster?”
When the woman heard this, she became furious and hissed loudly, “You are the ugly one, although my looks are not as good as a fairy, I can still charm thousands of men.”
As soon as the woman’s words fell, Chen Ping suddenly removed his mask!
The moment the mask was removed, Chen Ping directly froze!
Only half of the woman’s face was very hideous, all covered in scars, obviously burns!
However, the other half of her cheeks were delicate and smooth, and she was able to tell that she was a beauty!
“Oooooooo…………”
The moment the mask was removed, the woman actually cried!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly released the girl, he did not expect things to come to this, and even more so, he did not expect that underneath this delicate figure would be such a face!
Chen Ping was a little flustered, not knowing how to comfort the woman in front of him!
However, as he looked at half of the woman’s face, it unexpectedly looked somewhat familiar!
But Chen Ping could not recall where he had seen this woman before for a moment!
“I’m sorry, I didn’t do it on purpose, I really didn’t know it would be like this.”
“And I was by no means spying on you, I had no idea that there were people on this island, much less without clothes.”
“This is a complete misunderstanding, don’t cry, and I won’t tell anyone about you.”
Chen Ping could only try his best to explain!
The woman squatted on the ground, still hiding her face and crying, ignoring Chen Ping at all!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only leap forward with the intention of leaving the island, he did not have the time to follow the woman here!
He still had to hurry to go to Zhu Family Town, help Zhu Qing Yue to deal with things, and then send Zhu Qing Yue back to Xiao Dynasty!
But just as Chen Ping was planning to leave, the woman suddenly called out to Chen Ping, ”You’ve seen all of my body, and now you’ve seen my ugly appearance, and you want to just walk away like this?