Chen Ping walked down the mountain, but just as he reached the halfway point, he was stopped by four or five people!
“Chen Ping, I’ve been waiting for you for half a day, you’ve finally come down!”
Fu Wei looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile on his face and said!
Behind Fu Wei, several men were holding sticks and sticks, with fierce faces!
“What’s the matter with waiting for me?”
Chen Ping coldly swept a glance at Fu Wei: “If it’s a fight, these few of yours are not enough for me, I put down a dozen people from the Xiao family yesterday, you think you can deal with me with just a few people?”
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, you’re afraid you don’t know what kind of people I’ve got here today, so you dare to say such big words, you’ll find out later when you’re on your knees begging for mercy and crying to your father and mother!”
Fu Wei laughed greatly, not even putting Chen Ping in his eyes!
Yesterday, Fu Wei had seen that the bald man was a small gangster, not much strength at all, and Chen Ping had knocked him down with one punch!
But today was different, the men he had found were all practitioners, all of them were good fighters, they were more than capable of dealing with Chen Ping!
“It seems that the slap was really light on you, I should have broken your arms and legs at that time, so as to save you from jumping in front of me!”
Chen Ping said as he glanced at Fu Wei.
“D*mn, you’re still talking about yesterday, if I don’t beat you to your knees and beg for mercy today, my last name won’t be Fu!”
Fu Wei said, turning his head to look at the men behind him and said, “Brothers, beat this kid to his knees and beg for mercy, someone will pay 100,000 yuan for his hard work, whether you can earn this money depends on you!”
At the sound of a hundred thousand hard-earned dollars, a few people’s eyes started to light up!
“Don’t worry, if you say you’ll make him cry, we’ll never make him laugh!”
“If you say we’ll make him kneel, we’ll never make him stand!”
“Just the way this kid is weak, I’ll make him cry with one kick!”
Several people looked at Chen Ping with disdain, not putting him in their eyes at all!
“This hundred thousand dollars, it’s from Geng Shanshan, right?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Fu Wei.
“Not bad, just telling you isn’t scary, do you still dare to look for trouble with her? You beat up the Xiao family’s grandson, the Xiao family is unlikely to let you go, I’m just giving you an early appetizer now!”
Fu Wei nodded unabashedly.
“Well, it seems that I really shouldn’t show mercy!”
Chen Ping stretched his hands somewhat helplessly, before fiercely kicking towards Fu Wei!
Only a bang was heard, and Fu Wei’s body instantly flew backwards.
The few people who had just been full of disdain instantly froze in their expressions, unable to believe the scene in front of them!
You know it takes a lot of strength to kick a person away, it seems that this Chen Ping really has some skills!
“Cough cough cough ……”
Fu Wei fell to the ground and coughed out a mouthful of blood, before roaring hideously, “Get him, get him ……”
The four or five men looked at each other, remembering the 100,000 hard-earned dollars, all gritted their teeth and rushed up.
These few people are really practiced and work well with each other.
“Tenacious!”
Chen Ping let out a cold laugh, and immediately afterwards, he met them!
Boom boom boom …………
In less than half a minute, these few practitioners that Fu Wei had found, all fell to the ground at this time, wailing, each with a very painful expression!
This time Fu Wei was dumbfounded, swallowing his saliva, his expression full of astonishment!
He really couldn’t imagine what this Chen Ping had gone through in his three years in prison, and how he had become so powerful.
He had to know that these few people he had found were all from the former martial arts school and were now somewhat famous on the road, but surprisingly, they were also beaten down by Chen Ping.
“Are you still getting me killed?”
Chen Ping looked at Fu Wei teasingly and slowly walked towards the fallen Fu Wei!
“You …… what are you going to do?”
Fu Wei’s face was full of panic as he kept backing up: “This …… was all Yuan Shanshan’s idea, I ……”
But before Fu Wei could finish his words, Chen Ping stepped on his foot and directly stepped on Fu Wei’s arm.
Fu Wei let out a miserable scream, followed by a sharp pain from his entire arm!
Fu Wei’s arm was broken!
“Stop using Geng Shanshan to press me, whether it’s her or that Xiao Lei, I won’t let them off easily.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and walked away, not bothering about that Fu Wei’s miserable scream.