“Mr Chen won’t be in danger, right?”
Jiang Yulian, who had already left, was very worried about Chen Ping!
“No go, let’s wait and see, if Mr Chen fails to catch up, we’ll go back and take a look!”
Patriarch Jiang waved his hand, making several people stop!
Anyways, Chen Ping was also his saviour, if he watched Chen Ping in danger and he was indifferent and saw death, Patriarch Jiang would have a hard time for the rest of his life!
“Master, we’d better go, even if we go back now, I guess Chen would have been captured or killed long ago.”
Seeing that his master was going back to save Chen Ping, Zheng Jian hurriedly said!
“Patriarch Jiang, Yulian, you don’t have to worry, Mr Chen will be fine, just a few Transition Realm 6th grade demonic cultivators can’t do anything about Mr Chen.”
“And I also found out that those few demonic cultivators are all from the Inferno Demon lineage, that would be even less of a threat to Mr Chen.”
Ochre Yan was not worried about Chen Ping at all, and even reassured Patriarch Jiang and Jiang Yulian!
And Ochre Amazing called Yulian directly and acted very close to following Jiang Yulian, which made Zheng Jian on the side listen to him and gnash his teeth!
“Brother Yan, why are you so confident in Mr Chen? Mr Chen is only at the second level of the Transition Realm, even if he is gifted and can fight over the level, he won’t be in any danger at all when he is facing several sixth level Transition Realm cultivators, right?”
Jiang Yulian asked!
“I’ve been following Mr Chen for some time now, his true strength is something that no one else can imagine, even if Mr Chen really can’t defeat those several demonic cultivators, in a moment of crisis, he will still be able to turn danger into safety.”
Ochre Yan smiled slightly, but then pondered slightly “But that Divine Doctor Liu and the others, how did they discover Mr Chen’s identity, by all accounts Mr Chen changed his appearance and hid his breath, he would not have been discovered.”
“And the first time we came across it, that Divine Doctor Liu and the others didn’t seem to have discovered Mr Chen’s identity, but the second time it was obvious that they had already laid down a spell formation and were waiting for Mr Chen to take the bait, it’s really strange ……”
Ochre Yan finished speaking and turned his gaze to Zheng Jian!
“Could it be that that Divine Doctor Liu and the others, when they met for the first time, had discovered Mr Chen’s identity, only to pretend not to know, and then purposely leave and run ahead to lay down a spell formation, waiting for Mr Chen to throw himself into the net?”
Jiang Yulian analysed!
After all, it was impossible for her to suspect Zheng Jian, after all, the two had known each other for so many years, not to mention that Zheng Jian had no reason to betray Chen Ping!
“Yes, Senior Sister’s analysis is correct, it must be that Divine Doctor Liu and the others found out a long time ago and deliberately pretended not to know!”
Zheng Jian was still trying to find some excuse to absolve himself, but now Jiang Yulian had spoken!
“Let’s not worry about how that surnamed Liu found out about Mr Chen’s identity, the priority is whether or not Mr Chen can escape!”
Patriarch Jiang frowned slightly, constantly looking at the direction from which he had come, he was very hopeful that Chen Ping would suddenly appear safely!
“Patriarch Jiang, I’m really sorry for making you guys worry ……”
Just as Patriarch Jiang’s words had finished, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly appeared in front of them!
It was as if it had appeared out of thin air
This was Chen Ping’s execution of the Royal Fire Steps, although it was not yet possible to take one step for a hundred miles, it was still possible to take one step and instantly appear several miles away!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?”
Patriarch Jiang asked with great excitement when he saw Chen Ping!
“I’m fine, just a few devil cultivators, still wanting to kill me and find the Demon Sealing Alliance to collect the reward, is simply a joke.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, then took out the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng “Not only am I fine, but I also took back the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng that you were cheated out of by that Divine Doctor Liu, now return it to its rightful owner!”
Although Chen Ping knew that the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was a good thing, however, this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was something that the Soul Demon Sect had exchanged with the lives of over a dozen of their disciples, so he couldn’t take it for himself!