“D*mn, you dare to hit me, get them killed for me …………”
Boss Cui wiped a handful of blood and yelled directly at those beaters under him!
A dozen of beaters instantly surged up with sticks, just as Chen Ping was about to make his move, Gu Ling’er’s athletic body met him, against those experts of martial arts families, Gu Ling’er was no match, but against these beaters, Gu Ling’er was still more than enough!
Boom, boom, boom …………
In just a few minutes, more than a dozen fighters were all beaten down by Gu Ling’er, this time Gu Ling’er did not hold back, those fighters either broke their arms or legs, Gu Ling’er had been ignored, her heart had long been burning with anger!
Seeing this scene, boss Cui, backed up one after another, with a fierce face, said, “Good, good, good …… you guys have caused a big deal, no one is going to leave today!”
Boss Cui finished, directly took out his mobile phone and made a call, obviously to that young master Wu.
“Young man, you guys hurry up and take your stuff and go, the Wu family is not something to be messed with …………”
Someone said to Chen Ping persuasively.
“Sister, we …………”
Gu Feng saw that boss Cui called someone and also began to be a little afraid, after all, the Wu family is not something to be messed with.
“Gu Feng, don’t be afraid, I’m here!”
Seeing Gu Feng’s scared look, Chen Ping said indifferently.
Gu Feng nodded and said, “Well, don’t you know someone from the Red Phoenix Hall? Call the people from Red Phoenix Hall here, there is no need to fear that Martial Family in the slightest!”
“Dealing with a mere Martial Family, where is the need for people from the Red Phoenix Hall!”
Chen Ping sneered!
Seeing how arrogant Chen Ping was, the people around him couldn’t help but shake their heads in disbelief, the madness of the sky would bring rain, and the madness of people would bring misfortune, to dare to say such a thing about the Martial Family, I’m afraid he’s going to have bad luck today!
Soon, a young man in his early twenties arrived in a hurry with a folding fan, followed by a few people behind him!
“Who the hell has no eyes, daring to cause trouble in my Martial Family’s shop?”
Before the men arrived, the sound of angry curses had already come.
Chen Ping took a look at the young man, he really looked similar to Wu Liuyi, but his temperament was so different from his son’s. Wu Liuyi had a deep heart, and he was steady and stable, but his son was so arrogant and domineering!
However, Chen Ping did not feel the slightest fluctuation of energy on this young man, so it was obvious that he was not a martial artist.
Just as Chen Ping was wondering, that boss Cui saw that people were coming and hurriedly greeted them.
“Young Master Wu, that’s them …………”
Boss Cui pointed at Chen Ping and the others, his eyes full of anger as he said.
The young man swept a glance at Chen Ping and Gu Feng a few people, and then looked at the wailing beaters on the ground, his face was cold: “Making trouble in my place and injuring my people, even if you Miss Gu are from the Dharma Protection Pavilion, do you still have to give me a statement?”
“Wu Dong, it was your people who lied to my brother in the first place, it should also be you who have to give a statement!”
Gu Ling’er said as she looked angrily at the young man.
“I only know that you have caused trouble in my place and injured my people, I don’t know anything else, now apologise and pay for my losses, maybe I can spare your lives!”
Wu Dong shook his folding fan with an extremely arrogant attitude!
“What if I say no?” Chen Ping looked at Wu Dong and said with a cold smile.
“Then there’s no need to go!”
Wu Dong’s voice sank, and the few people following behind him instantly surrounded Chen Ping.
Only an old man with a withered figure stood motionless at Wu Dong’s side!
Chen Ping swept a glance and found that these few people were all internal energy martial artists, not knowing how much stronger than those punks just now, while the withered old man beside Wu Dong was surging with energy, his aura not even the slightest bit weaker than Wu Liuyi’s!