Kyoto, Protector’s Pavilion!
Xing Jun hurriedly entered the hall of the Protectorate Pavilion, “Mr. Shi, the island delegation has arrived and is now outside!”
Mr Shi nodded, “Let them in!”
Soon after, Xing Jun walked in with a group of island missions!
At the head of them was a middle-aged man with a beard, named Kawaguchi Kazuo, who was also the head of this mission!
And behind this Kawaguchi Kazuo was followed by five other men, all in suits, but only one, dressed in a samurai uniform and carrying a samurai sword, with his hair in pigtails behind his back!
When Xing Jun saw that the man had actually come in with a sword, his face turned slightly cold and he immediately stepped forward and said, “Hand over your sword and meet Mr. Shi, no weapons allowed ……”
“The sword, is the soul of our samurai, we never have the habit of handing over our weapons, unless we kill me ……”
The samurai said with a disdainful face.
Xing Jun frowned and reached out towards the sword in the samurai’s hand and grabbed it.
Just as Xing Jun grabbed the katana, he saw the samurai’s wrist shake, followed by a huge force that shook Xing Jun backwards several steps!
“Watanabe Jun, don’t be rude ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo rebuked at the samurai!
Shi waved his hand at Xing Jun at this point, “Let them be ……”
Xing Jun could only retreat while Mr. Shi said to Kawaguchi Kazuo, “Mr. Kawaguchi, please sit down ……”
“Many thanks Mr. Shi ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo nodded, and then the crowd took their seats at the side!
But just as that Watanabe Jun was about to sit down, he only saw Mr. Shi flex his fingers and snap.
With a crash ……
The chair underneath Watanabe Jun shattered with a crash, scattering directly to the ground!
This made that Watanabe Jun’s face look very ugly!
“Mr. Kawaguchi, I’m really sorry, the chair is in disrepair, I didn’t expect it to be broken ……”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, he gave a wink to Xing Jun and said, “Captain Xing, go and bring a chair here ……”
Xing Jun looked at Mr. Shi’s wink and instantly understood, so he pretended to say, “Mr. Shi, because of an event, the chairs have all been moved, there are no more spare chairs.”
“Oops, what a coincidence, we’ll have to let this Watanabe gentleman stand then ……”
Mr. Shi said with an apologetic smile.
This made that Watanabe Jun angry, but that Kawaguchi Kazuo said in a hurry, “No matter, as an island samurai, it’s okay to stand.”
Although Watanabe Jun was angry, Kawaguchi said so, so he could not say anything, but stood by!
“Mr. Kawaguchi, I wonder if there is something you are doing on this visit?”
Mr. Shi asked knowingly.
Since the intentions of the mission were made clear before they visited, it was impossible for Mr Shi not to know.
“Mr. Shi, we are here this time, just to exchange martial arts and increase the emotions of the two countries, nothing else ……”
“We have long heard that in your country’s martial arts world, there is a rising star who is exceptionally strong at a young age, so we have come here on purpose to seek advice.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo was also straightforward, he knew it was useless to beat around the bush with Mr. Shi!
“Indeed, a new talent has recently emerged from the martial arts world, but I just wonder who Kawaguchi-san intends to ask for lessons?”
Shi said with a puzzled look on his face.
Kawaguchi froze, and then said, “Of course it’s our Watanabe Jun, he’s the only one in our party who is a martial artist!”
In fact Shi had long since seen that the others were all just ordinary people with no breath on them, only this Watanabe Jun had a surge of breath on him!
“Alright then, but since this rising star is not one of my official people, so if you want to ask for advice, you can only go and place a battle order yourselves, and it’s not up to me to decide whether someone will answer the battle or not.”
“I can’t force people to answer the battle on account of my official face, I hope Mr Kawaguchi understands!”
Mr Shi said.
“With these words from Mr. Shi, we are relieved, so I won’t bother you any more ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo took his leave.
The reason why he met Mr. Shi was because he wanted this word from Mr. Shi, otherwise the official would have stepped in when the time came and made it very troublesome for them.