“Master has been cultivating here, I’ve been stealing and learning for hundreds of years, fortunately, Master is kind-hearted, knowing that I’ve been stealing and learning, instead of chastising me, he even accepted me as a disciple.”
“Otherwise I wouldn’t have been able to transform into a human, at most I would have been nothing more than a rat demon, I don’t know when I would have been killed.”
“Since master handed you over to me, you have to study hard, don’t think about being lazy, when will you be able to break the formations around you, when will you be able to leave!”
The middle-aged man said to Chen Ping!
“Understood!” Chen Ping knew that he would not be able to escape from here, so he simply studied the art of Divine Patterns at ease!
Chen Ping sat with his knees crossed while the middle-aged man spoke to Chen Ping about the ancient divine pattern engraving method.
Listening to his senior brother’s narration, Chen Ping slowly realised that there was a difference between this Ancient Divine Pattern and ordinary formation pattern engraving!
Seeing that Chen Ping was listening attentively, the middle-aged man nodded with satisfaction and said, “The difference between divine patterns lies in the fact that they can be inscribed without having to rely on a cultivator’s spiritual energy to lay down a large formation.”
“Ordinary people who know the art of Divine Patterns are also able to carve them out, and Divine Patterns don’t need spiritual energy as a medium to open, all that’s needed is one’s own Divine Soul.”
“I’ll teach you divine pattern engraving now, you need to control your consciousness and never use your spiritual energy.”
“You need to put all of your consciousness on top of this divine pattern, imagining that you are a part of the divine pattern, and that the entire formation belongs to a part of your body.”
“Don’t think of these divine patterns as a kind of weapon to defend against the enemy, you need to think of it as your body.”
The middle-aged man carefully narrated to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping listened attentively, repeating the middle-aged man’s words in his heart several times!
After he finished speaking, the middle-aged man waved his hand and a yellow cloth that was a foot long and several feet wide appeared in front of Chen Ping!
“This has divine patterns on it, you can follow the practice now ……”
After saying that, the middle-aged man’s figure disappeared, reverted back to the appearance of a small white mouse, and then squeaked as he left the thatched hut!
Chen Ping looked at the large piece of yellow cloth, there were indeed many divine patterns engraved on it, each one of them was not very large, but there were countless tiny lines on it, each one of them had a correlation and seemed to possess some sort of rules!
Chen Ping looked carefully, and the more he looked, the more shocked he became as he realised that every single one of these divine patterns was a formation, and this entire divine pattern on the yellow cloth was a much larger formation!
That meant that a large formation was made up of many small formations, and within the small formations, possessed even smaller formations!
If this kind of formation was to be cracked, it was feared that it would be harder than climbing up to the sky!
The complexity of the divine pattern was beyond Chen Ping’s psyche, but Chen Ping did not intend to give up.
According to the formation pattern on the yellow cloth, Chen Ping slowly began to carve it up, holding his breath and throwing away his distractions, Chen Ping carved it over and over again!
Time passed, Chen Ping had already forgotten about time!
I don’t know how long it took to carve, Chen Ping then drew the same pattern as the gourd, and carved all the formation patterns on the yellow cloth!
At this moment, Chen Ping felt that his entire body was deflated!
Although he did not use spiritual energy, that concentration of the divine soul made Chen Ping’s entire body very tired!
After relaxing, Chen Ping collapsed headlong!
The current Chen Ping would not be paying attention to whether or not this thatched hut was dilapidated!
Looking at the translucent roof, and the stars outside, Chen Ping quietly lay down!
But soon, Chen Ping realised that those flickering stars outside the roof were not stars, but rather pairs of eyes!
These eyes began to turn crimson, and were just suspended in mid-air, no body could be seen, only a pair of eyes that seemed to stare at Chen Ping through the slits!
Chen Ping frowned and hurriedly got up to take a closer look!