Watanabe Fumio glared viciously at Watanabe Fumishi, but in the end he could only leave in a huff!
He didn’t dare to openly strike at Watanabe Fumio, after all, he was still the head of the family and Watanabe Fumio’s brother!
Watanabe Fumio returned home in a huff, and when Tanimoto Yoshie saw this, she hurried up to help Watanabe Fumio change his clothes, and then asked, “Fumio, what has made you so angry?”
When Fumio told Tanimoto what had happened today, Tanimoto froze in her tracks!
After a while, Tanimoto Yoshie then said emotionally, “No …… no way, I will never send my daughter to the shrine, if you dare to send my daughter to the shrine, I will die to show you …… ”
Watanabe Fumio saw this and hugged his wife in pain, “I don’t want to, but what can I do ……”
Watanabe Fumio didn’t want to either, but it was an order from Watanabe Kazuo, not to mention possibly an order from the shrine, what could he, Watanabe Fumio, afford to disobey?
“We can go, as far away as possible, and you should not be the head of this family anymore ……”
Tanimoto Yoshie said.
“Go? Go where? Even if we flee to the ends of the earth, they will find us.”
Watanabe Fumio shook his head!
“I don’t care, I don’t care, I’ll never let you send your daughter to the shrine anyway ……”
Tanimoto Yoshie shouted as if she was crazy!
Watanabe Fumio looked helpless, but luckily there was no time limit, they could stall and think of something!
………………
Three days had pa*sed ……
Chen Ping and Hu Pazi, every day, just accompanied Old Fan to drink, drink and sleep, and drink when they woke up!
“Chen Ping, it’s been three days, you don’t dare to use this lustful capture, that Watanabe Fumio also didn’t come to you, ah.”
Hu Ma Zi said with a listless look.
Although he drank and slept every day, the environment here was too bad, and more importantly, there was no woman at all. If Zhou Jie had come with him, Hu Pazi might not have been so anxious!
Chen Ping also frowned slightly, “It doesn’t make sense, I saved his daughter, how come he has to meet and thank me?”
Chen Ping also felt strange, why didn’t Watanabe Fumio come to see him, he hadn’t heard from the Watanabe family since he sent someone to follow him last time!
Neither did he see that Watanabe Fumio send anyone, which made Chen Ping a bit confused too!
“What are you two chattering about? Come and have a drink. ……”
The two of you are not even talking to each other.
But neither of them moved this time.
When Old Fan saw this, he walked over with the wine jug and said, “Don’t worry, the man is already here, he will be here within ten minutes ……”
When Old Fan finished speaking, he started drinking by himself, Chen Ping and Hu Pazi were both a bit surprised, not understanding if this Old Fan was drunk.
Soon, a few minutes later, outside Old Fan’s ramshackle house, Watanabe Fumio arrived carrying a gift and with Yumiko in tow!
“Watanabe Fumio, take my daughter to pay her respects to Master Fan ……”
Watanabe Fumio shouted politely from outside!
“Come in ……”
Old Fan spoke indifferently with his eyes slightly closed.
At this moment, it caused Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi to be a little confused, not understanding how this Old Fan knew that Watanabe Fumio would come?
Watanabe Fumio led Yumiko into that shabby house, and then took out a bottle of wine and put it in front of Old Fan.
“Master Fan, this is for you ……”
Watanabe Fumio said politely.
But that old Fan didn’t even look at it and slowly spoke, “No reward for no work, if you are looking for me to kill someone, just put the money into my account ……”
Watanabe Fumio suddenly looked embarra*sed, where did he have ten billion dollars to find Old Fan to kill someone!
“Chen Ping, two days ago really thank you ah, if not for you, I was afraid that I would have been taken away ……”
Yumiko came forward and said to Chen Ping happily.