Ning Zhi took out the tiny stove cauldron, and along with the cauldron being thrown upwards, a huge suction force began to absorb the flames released by Chen Ping!
The flame breath was desperately absorbed by that stove cauldron, and a fire dragon instantly dissipated!
Chen Ping looked at the magic treasure that Ning Zhi had run out and couldn’t help but frown, this magic treasure looked like it was specialised in restraining the to fire breath?
Without the fire dragons, there were only thunderbolts and sword awnings, and the dozen or so demonic cultivators resisted with apparent ease!
While Ning Zhi retrieved the furnace tripod, he did not choose to make a move against Chen Ping, only to see his eyes slightly condense as his entire body violently rushed towards the bottom of the sea!
Ning Zhi suddenly rushed into the sea, which caused the dozen or so demonic cultivators and Chen Ping to all be somewhat confused!
Especially Chen Ping, how could he not expect that this guy would not take the opportunity to make a move against himself, but he suddenly rushed into the sea!
Just now, the dozen or so demonic cultivators had entered the sea, but Ning Zhi was watching from mid-air!
Now they were all above the sea surface, but Ning Zhi suddenly entered the sea!
This brain circuit directly confused Chen Ping a little!
After Ning Zhi entered the Dead Sea, his body was instantly wrapped in black gas around him, heading straight for the bottom of the sea.
Ning Zhi just wanted to go to the bottom of the sea to see what kind of trap that Chen Ping had at the bottom of the sea!
Now that Chen Ping was battling those dozen or so demonic cultivators at sea, Ning Zhi had just the right opportunity to go to the bottom of the sea to see what was going on!
Although Chen Ping was confused at the moment, he was immediately going to chase towards Ning Zhi!
This fellow, suddenly entering the sea, must have some intentions!
However, the dozen or so demonic cultivators were not willing to let go of this opportunity, and they directly surrounded Chen Ping and tangled him up!
Ning Zhi landed on the bottom of the sea, his eyes looked around, looking at the surrounding mountains, Ning Zhi always had a bad feeling in his heart!
However, he did not notice the Demon Descending Formation that Chen Ping had laid down, and he would not have thought that Chen Ping would lay down a Demon Descending Formation here!
This square circle was so huge that Ning Zhi could not have thought to death that Chen Ping alone would be able to lay down such a huge formation for a short period of time!
“Since I don’t know what kind of trap it is, I’ll give it a try ……”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, his face turned cold, and the black Qi on his body instantly swarmed towards the surroundings!
But just as the black Qi on Ning Zhi’s body spread out in all directions, the mountain peaks around him unexpectedly lit up with a formation pattern at the same time!
The Demon Subduing Array was activated, looking at the array patterns that lit up around him, Ning Zhi’s face was filled with incredulity, this was the first time he had seen such a massive array formation!
He didn’t believe that this formation was laid by Chen Ping himself for a short period of time, it must have been this guy who came here by chance and found out about the existence of this large formation!
Perhaps this place was a clan’s residence many years ago!
Without the slightest bit of time to think, Ning Zhi’s figure rushed out from the bottom of the sea as if it were a cannonball!
With such a massive formation, Ning Zhi wouldn’t be foolish enough to follow the formation and fight against it!
While rushing out of the sea, Ning Zhi shouted, “Everyone back off, don’t get entangled.”
Although Ning Zhi didn’t know the power of this grand formation, he immediately greeted the crowd as they retreated!
After all, the power that erupted from such a massive formation would never be simple!
The dozen or so demonic cultivators still didn’t know what was going on, and all of them looked at Ning Zhi in puzzlement!
They didn’t understand that Ning Zhi had only gone to the bottom of the sea for a moment, and what he had seen that made him so frightened and panicked!
Just as the crowd of devil cultivators were puzzled, there was a sudden buzz!
Only to see the surface of the sea shake, right in front of the crowd, tens of miles in a circle, a ray of light suddenly lit up, the dense light connecting together to form a curtain of light, directly closing off the area!
“This …… what is this situation ah?”
A demonic cultivator was shocked, then struck out an aura, but that aura struck above the light curtain and instantly bounced back!
When Ning Zhi saw this scene, the corner of his mouth twitched, he didn’t expect to be so cautious, but he was still counted by Chen Ping!
He never expected that such a huge formation would exist here!