Chen Ping, who still knew nothing at all at this point, worked hard to carve the divine pattern and kept using his divine soul to feel it.
In the beginning, Chen Ping had learnt by rote, drawing from a gourd, but now Chen Ping was carving the divine pattern while feeling the mysteries in the divine pattern!
He knew that when he followed the divine pattern and became one, his divine pattern should be successful!
But when he would succeed, Chen Ping did not know, so he could only double his efforts!
He couldn’t be trapped in this place for too long, he still had a lot of things to do!
Moreover, Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix and the girls had been driven out of Hu Huang City and went to the Western Region, who knew what the situation in the Western Region was like!
What if they were in danger?
Now that they were Chen Ping’s women, Chen Ping would not allow them to be in danger!
After Chen Ping did not know how many times he had inscribed the Divine Patterns, while lying down in the thatched hut to rest, the crimson eyes appeared once again, and this time, it was obvious that there was a hint of abnormality in these crimson eyes!
The surrounding formation light curtain opened, isolating this pair of eyes from the outside!
Chen Ping was very puzzled inside, what in the world was it that would always be staring at him closely?
Chen Ping tried to use his Heavenly Underworld Eyes to see the other party, but surprisingly, the Heavenly Underworld Eyes could not penetrate the surrounding formations either!
It had to be said that these words, the Divine Pattern Formation, were indeed powerful, much more powerful than the formation runes inscribed with spiritual energy!
Chen Ping simply closed his eyes and did not look at anything, taking a good rest before continuing to inscribe the divine pattern!
Along with each engraving, Chen Ping’s perception of the divine pattern deepened by one point!
And because of that Soul Suppressing Grass, Chen Ping felt that the power of his mind had also become a lot stronger, and every time he carved, Chen Ping deliberately injected his mind power slowly into the divine pattern!
At this point in time, Chen Ping already had the feeling of fusing with the Divine Patterns, every time he carved a Divine Pattern, he felt that the Divine Patterns were just like the blood vessels in his own body, and the flow of power on the Divine Patterns was just like the flow of blood!
The connection between each divine pattern also began to slowly become clearer, and some seemingly unrelated divine patterns seemed to have countless capillaries connecting them in the middle!
At this time, the divine lines were no longer like a dead thing, but more like a living flesh and blood person, only Chen Ping had not yet fully fused and mastered it, so all he could feel was just some flesh and blood!
I don’t know how long it took, but the middle-aged man came again, and this time he didn’t bring any medicinal herbs, but instead brought a jar of good wine, and some food!
Although at Chen Ping’s level of strength, even if they did not eat or drink, it did not matter at all!
However, drinking and eating meat was not the solution to food and clothing, but the kind of feeling they wanted!
“Senior brother, take a rest, Master asked me to bring good wine and meat to drink some with you.”
The middle-aged man said as he placed the wine and food on the worn out table!
Chen Ping nodded and followed the middle-aged man as he ate and drank!
Although the two had not met a few times, Chen Ping had a good feeling about this so-called senior brother in front of him!
Through conversation, Chen Ping also learnt that the name of his senior brother, who was in the form of a mouse, was White Chicory!
This name was still given to him by the Divine Ripple Elder Ancestor!
“Senior Brother Bai, I wonder how that Gu Tianzhao is doing?”
Chen Ping asked to White Chicory!
Chen Ping was still worried about that Gu Tianzhao because he had promised Gu Tianzhao that he would help him become the door master and he could get that blood jade!
This if Gu Tianzhao couldn’t wait and did it himself, then how would Chen Ping still get the blood jade!
“Senior brother is still thinking about the blood jade, right?”
White Chicory said with a smile!
Chen Ping froze, then said with some embarrassment, “Senior Brother Bai, how do you know all this?”
“Hahaha, what is it about the Two Yi Sect that can escape the eyes of the Master, but don’t worry, that Gu Tianzhao is fine.”
“You now put all your energy into learning the Divine Patterns, when you leave here after your great success, all you need to do about the Two Yi Sect is to open your mouth.”
White Chicory laughed out loud!