What’s more, Chen Ping did not only have only lightning origin’s, he could completely fuse other origin’s to make the lightning origin more offensive!
As for that Hu Da’s means, Chen Ping was even more disdainful.
With the protection of the Unbreakable Golden Body, it was simply impossible for that Hu Da to injure Chen Ping!
It was only that the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others did not know the situation and were still worried about Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was alone, fighting the two brothers, Hu Da and Hu Er!
They exchanged more than a dozen moves, but did not fall into a disadvantage!
At this moment, both that Hu Da and Hu Er became a little anxious, and cold sweat broke out on each of their foreheads as well!
It was too humiliating for two Transition Realm 6th Grade cultivators to be powerless against a Transition Realm 2nd Grade cultivator!
The two of them had joined forces and had not been able to take down Chen Ping, which was beyond the expectations of the two of them!
“Not playing with you guys ……”
Chen Ping suddenly swept a refined aura in his eyes, followed by an additional Demon Drawing Whip in his hand!
A whip then lashed out towards that Hu Da.
The Demon Drawing Whip still had a fire on it, which startled that Hu Da, and his body swept backward rapidly, and the whip slightly crossed from that Hu Da’s chest, almost hitting it!
Even if he didn’t hit it, the breath from the Demon Whip caused Hu Da to go into a trance!
While that Hu Da was in a trance, Chen Ping chopped towards Hu Er with a sword!
A whip and a sword, Chen Ping was actually able to use them at the same time!
When Hu Er saw this, he let out a cold snort, and then swung the lightning lance in his hand, which instantly blossomed into countless thunderbolts!
Immediately after, those thunderbolts blasted towards Chen Ping!
And on top of that Hu Er’s lance, there were still thunderbolts blasting out!
Every single thunderbolt carried with it a mind-blowing power, and the void was even torn out by these ten thousand thunderbolts into black holes of varying sizes!
Seeing this, Chen Ping directly formed a ball of lightning light around his body and then rushed towards Hu Er without dodging!
“You still want to compete with me in the power of lightning, you are simply hitting a stone with an egg!”
Seeing that Chen Ping was even using the power of thunder and lightning to follow him in a fight, Hu Er’s eyes were filled with disdain!
This Lightning Origin was his mastery, this kind of thing could not be perceived by anyone!
Ten thousand thunderbolts were in the void, forming a huge cage, covering Chen Ping in it, and then squeezing continuously!
The lightning cage became smaller and smaller, and finally bound Chen Ping tightly!
Boom!
A deafening explosion accompanied the closing of the lightning cage!
A puff of white smoke rose up, and Chen Ping’s figure disappeared amidst that lightning!
“Hahaha, with this much skill, you dare to resist.”
“But this fleshly body has all been reduced to nothing, so I’ll have to explain myself to the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
Hu Er thought that Chen Ping had been directly reduced to ashes by that terrifying power of lightning!
“Hu Er, be careful ……”
Just as that Hu Er was looking smug, suddenly Hu shouted!
Immediately after that, Hu Er felt that from the top of his head, a terrifying aura attacked him!
Hu Er hurriedly raised his head to look and found that Chen Ping was covered in lightning and looking down at him!
“You actually escaped?”
Hu Er was shocked, and then the lightning lance in his hand pointed, and from above that lance, a bucket-thick force of lightning blasted directly at Chen Ping’s body!
However, Chen Ping did not dodge, but allowed that lightning power to hit him!
The lightning around Chen Ping’s body followed that Hu Er’s lightning and entangled together!
Soon, that Hu Er was surprised to find that the lightning essence within his body was being rapidly absorbed!
“You’re actually absorbing my origin power?”
Hu Er’s face was filled with surprise!
“What? Can’t you absorb it?” Chen Ping asked with cold eyes!
“Do you know that my Origin Space is a lake, and you’re still trying to absorb my Origin Power and directly burst your body.”
Hu Er did not think so, after all, there was a huge Origin Space that stored a lot of Lightning Origin, Chen Ping wanting to suck it all away was simply a daydream!