Chen Ping opened his mouth and the Dragon Crystal entered Chen Ping’s body and then fused with the Dragon Crystal inside Chen Ping’s body!
The dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body, which had been dulled, now shone brightly again!
“Kid, today I’m going to rip your heart out and see how many treasures you have inside your body!”
When the Great Protector saw that Chen Ping had swallowed the dragon crystal, he roared with anger!
Chen Ping didn’t care about the Great Protector and asked Liu Rui, “What about the Tong Ling fruit?”
“There’s still one left ……”
Liu Rui replied loudly!
“Even if you all pick the fruit, it will still be in my hands!”
The Great Protector snorted coldly and then charged towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had swallowed a dragon crystal and had recovered some of his spiritual power, but it was almost impossible for him to resist the Great Protector.
But if he retreated, then Liu Rui would be in danger and all the spiritual fruits would fall into the hands of the Great Protector!
The Great Protector looked coldly at Chen Ping and suddenly an arm seemed to tear through space and time and grabbed Chen Ping directly!
It looked like the Great Protector did not want Chen Ping to die now, but wanted to capture him alive!
Chen Ping shouted to the heavens, although he felt his opponent’s terrifying aura, Chen Ping’s eyes were scarlet, and he then slammed his fist into the arm!
However, Chen Ping’s fist hit the arm, but it did not cause any damage to the arm at all!
On the contrary, he himself was suppressed by the terrifying breath and could not move, even lifting his arm was very difficult!
Seeing that the arm had already reached Chen Ping’s face, Chen Ping was about to be grabbed away!
“Okay …………”
Liu Rui shouted, and all the Lingering Fruits were plucked off!
And right after Liu Rui’s shout, the Lingering Tree began to shake violently, and a huge force instantly shattered the arm coming out of the void!
Immediately afterwards, the branches of the Tree began to shrink and wrap, and the dense crown of the tree slowly wrapped into a sphere, encasing both Chen Ping and Liu Rui!
From a distance, one could only see a green ball wrapped in leaves on top of the tall, loose trunk of the Tong Ling tree!
When the Grand Protector, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun saw this, they were all a bit confused!
They couldn’t understand how the tree had suddenly become like this!
“Did the tree become this defensive after all the Lingering Fruits were taken?”
Leng Yun frowned slightly and said.
“Hmph, some twigs and leaves wrapped up to make it, a single punch can break it ……”
The first thing that happened was that the body leapt up.
The next thing you know, a terrifying force emanated from his fist, and then he slammed his fist into the orb with a vengeance!
Boom! …………
With a violent explosion, Tong Youcai’s body was instantly shaken out of the sky, while the ball, which was wrapped in branches and leaves, did not move at all!
This time, Tong Youcai was dumbfounded and looked at the ball wrapped in leaves in front of him with embarra*sment on his face!
“I’ll do it ……”
The Great Protector said, and with a wave of his palm, a huge black palm was pressed towards the orb!
Boom …………
But just as it touched the orb, the black palm instantly collapsed!
The three men were all dumbfounded by this scene!
The three men were all dumbfounded at the sight of this scene! And Chen Ping and Liu Rui, who were wrapped in it, were listening to what was going on outside, and with two violent explosions, Chen Ping knew that the three men outside were trying to open the orb!
But the orb was not damaged at all, it looked very solid.
“Let’s not worry about them, let’s regain our strength first.”
“I’ll take two of these Spiritual Fruits and eat the rest, we must break through as soon as possible, we can’t stay trapped here forever!”
After Chen Ping finished, he picked up the two Spiritual Fruits and threw them into his ring. -Chen Ping