“Aiya, just stop asking and eat quickly!”Liu Zhongnan didn’t want Chen Ping to ask again!
“If you don’t say, then I’m going to tell the truth about you!”
Chen Ping threatened him again with the matter of Liu Jiannan going to the outside world!
When Liu Zhongnan heard this, he sighed helplessly and said, “In fact, this Beast City Jail is not for holding any prisoners at all, but rather a huge Spirit Absorbing Array.”
“That ancient tree, is the one that absorbs the spiritual energy from the cultivator’s body inside the cell, and after it sucks the spiritual energy dry, that cultivator will also die.”
“And all of this spiritual energy that was absorbed was stored within the ancient tree, which was then used for the people within the City Lord’s Mansion to cultivate.”
“Beast City has relatively few resources, so the people in the City Lord’s Mansion can only use this method to cultivate!”
“This is a secret of the City Lord’s Mansion, if it wasn’t for Elder Zang telling me, I wouldn’t have known about it, so don’t talk nonsense.”
Liu Zhennan urged Chen Ping, fearing that Chen Ping would say something!
After all, this was a high level secret of the City Lord’s Mansion, if this was spread out, I’m afraid that the Beast City would be in turmoil, and who would be willing to be arrested in the prison ah!
Chen Ping heard, also instantly understand why the rules of this Beast City is so strict, a slight mistake will be arrested into the prison!
It turns out that there is this kind of collusion behind the scenes!
No wonder Chen Ping saw the youngest sister brother, the whole person is like to die off the feeling!
There was also the trace of suction that was detected in the cell, which turned out to be the one that absorbed the spiritual energy in the cultivator’s body!
And it was still invisible, allowing the cultivator to die without realising that they were being sucked dry of their spiritual energy!
At this moment, Chen Ping was instantly interested in that ancient tree!
However, the ancient tree was in the centre of the prison, so Chen Ping had no way of getting close to it!
If one were to enter the dungeon in a probing method, Chen Ping would also find it difficult to get close to the ancient tree, after all, the probing time was very limited!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, pondering!
Now, only by violating the rules of Beast City and then being caught within the large prison, Chen Ping would have the time and opportunity to get close to that ancient tree!
It would be the same to find the time to escape at that time!
Chen Ping had observed the formations around that big prison, to break the formations and leave, it was still very simple for Chen Ping!
During this meal, Chen Ping ate somewhat absentmindedly, his mind was on that ancient tree!
Absorbing the spiritual energy of the cultivators and storing it within the ancient tree, that ancient tree could be more valuable than any kind of resources!
After the meal, Chen Ping followed Liu Zhennan out of the box!
He happened to run into Qiu Yu, who had brought a few of his friends out of the Heavenly Character Box!
Chen Ping and Liu Zhennan were in the front, and a few of them were in the back, descending the stairs together!
“Get out of the way, get out of the way, grinding like pigs!”
A young cultivator yelled loudly, making Chen Ping and Liu Zhongnan get out of the way!
Although Liu Zhinan was furious, he still leaned to the side!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, stood motionless, then turned his head to look at the yelling cultivator and said, “Is this your home?”
“No!”The cultivator said.
“Not your home, you yelling ah, why should I give you the right of way? If you call me father, I’ll make way for you!”
Chen Ping said to that cultivator!
“Fuck ……”
That cultivator was anxious and was about to follow Chen Ping!
However, he was stopped by that Qiu Yu, “Don’t fall for it, he purposely provoked you to make a move, once you make a move, you’ll fall for it.”
When that cultivator heard that, he hurriedly took a few steps backward!
“Kid, what kind of a thing are you, can’t you see that even that Liu Zhongnan obediently gave way?”
“Now if you make way and respectfully call out to me as a master, I can stop hitting you!”
Qiu Yu looked at Chen Ping arrogantly and said!
He would definitely be punished for following something behind him, but he would be fine if he did it, so Qiu Yu planned to do it himself!
“Fuck you ……”
Chen Ping directly grabbed that Qiu Yu’s collar and threw it violently!
Boom!
Qiu Yu’s body directly fell down the stairs, smashing a table and smashing a deep pit in the ground!
If this was an ordinary person, he would probably have fallen to his death!