Luo Xiang stopped his hand, and then surveyed Chen Ping in front of him.
The two were several metres apart, but because of the killing formation, Luo Xiang was not able to get close to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping sized up Luo Xiang, and Luo Xiang sized up Chen Ping!
The two looked at each other like that for ten minutes.
“You really are young and talented, no wonder many people say that your strength completely surpa*ses mine ……”
Luo Xiang suddenly grinned.
“I don’t really know you, why did you break into my killing formation?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Luo Xiang.
“You don’t need to know me, it’s enough that I know you, I really didn’t expect that an ordinary looking guy could kill Guo Wei ……”
After Luo Xiang finished speaking, in front of Chen Ping, he slammed another fist hard on top of the killing formation.
This punch from Luo Xiang was even fiercer and more powerful, and many of the dao of killing power in the killing formation began to crumble under this huge attack!
Chen Ping’s face became a little ugly.
The strength of this Luo Xiang in front of him looked to be a little higher than Guo Wei.
If he were to face Luo Xiang alone, it would not be difficult for Chen Ping to escape even if he was not sure of winning.
However, behind Luo Xiang were several other Martial Sects watching.
If Chen Ping fought with these people alone, his chances of winning were almost nil, and it would be difficult for him to even escape!
Boom!
Luo Xiang attacked with another punch, and the killing formation started to become shaky.
Chen Ping knew that with Luo Xiang’s strength, it was only a matter of time before he could break this killing formation.
Without hesitation, Chen Ping turned his head back inside the Demon Subduing Tower.
Listening to Luo Xiang’s fistful of strikes outside, Chen Ping could not quietly cultivate anymore.
Looking at the Demon Tower, Chen Ping fell into deep thought.
This Demon Subduing Tower should look like a magic weapon, but who would refine such a huge magic weapon?
Or else this Demon Subduing Tower could be big or small, or maybe there was something else running inside the Demon Subduing Tower and this Demon Subduing Tower was just a carrier.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping began to search through the Demon Tower layer by layer.
However, each layer was empty, and he could not find anything at all.
As he listened to the outside, Luo Xiang’s power was getting stronger and stronger each time, Chen Ping knew that the killing formation would not last much longer.
If that Luo Xiang broke the killing formation, Chen Ping would only have to flee for his life, and this Demon Subduing Tower would be taken over.
Just as Chen Ping was getting anxious, a sudden light dawned on him and he remembered a solution.
Since there was aura inside this Demon Subduing Tower, he could feel where the aura came from.
This way, he might be able to find the secret of the Demon Subduing Tower’s operation.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping immediately held his breath and concentrated, followed by dispersing his divine sense to feel the spiritual qi within the Demon Subduing Tower.
Chen Ping’s divine sense followed the aura inside the tower and reached the top of the tower little by little.
The top of the tower was only a room of a few dozen square metres.
After Chen Ping felt the aura coming from the top of the tower, he quickly got up and headed towards the top of the tower.
When Chen Ping reached the top of the tower, he found that there was nothing at the top of the tower either, and he could see the entire top of the tower at a glance.
Chen Ping had already come up several times, so if there was something at the top of the tower, Chen Ping would have found it long ago.
“This is strange, clearly those auras are emanating from the top of the tower ……”
Chen Ping frowned as he carefully examined the top of the tower.
“Could it be?” Chen Ping suddenly thought of something.
Then he slightly closed his eyes, and his entire divine sense instantly detached, followed as if he had gone into the void.
When Chen Ping opened his eyes again, this time he found that in front of him, a bronze door had appeared.
“It really is like this ……”
Chen Ping was overjoyed and hurriedly reached out to push it, only to find that he could not push the bronze door in front of him!
Seeing that he couldn’t push it, Chen Ping clenched his fist, a golden light shining above his fist, and then smashed it out!
Boom!
This punch caused the whole tower to shake, but the bronze door in front of him did not move at all.