This has just come back and is about to play the old Sect Master’s daughter, this is not a good thing!
Perhaps, the Purple Flame Sect’s internal fights directly all erupted out of control!
‘Hahaha, the ninth rank of the Ferry Realm is nothing!’
Huo Dong laughed as his body’s aura suddenly erupted, black flames continuously burning around Huo Dong’s body!
‘Demon to Fire?’
Everyone was shocked, only that Huo Yuan Ting was expressionless, it was as if he already knew that Huo Dong had practiced the Demon Technique!
Immediately after that, the Supreme Flame around Huo Dong’s body turned brown and then turned lavender, as the Supreme Flame changed, the aura of Huo Dong’s body continued to climb!
‘Peak Transition Realm?’ All the Elders were dumbstruck!
None of them had expected that Huo Dong, who had left at the eighth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, had actually reached the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm after returning at this moment!
With just a small opportunity, Huo Dong would be able to honour himself as a Mahayana Realm expert!
It was simply unbelievable, especially since Huo Dong’s body had actually grasped three types of Supreme Flames!
‘Elders, with this strength, if I want to play with that Zhu Ling, no one will stop me, right?’
Huo Dong said with a faint smile!
Everyone fell silent, with this strength, I’m afraid that Elder Yu wouldn’t be able to stop him at all!
‘In fact, there is another reason for my son to come back this time, and that is to use the Divine Flame Seal as an opportunity to break through the Transition Realm and glory in the Mahayana Masters.’
‘That’s why I’ll find a way to open the Divine Volcano in the next few days to expose that Divine Flame Seal.’
Huo Yuanting said!
At this moment, everyone also understood the reason why Huo Yuanting suddenly called Huo Dong back from outside!
If the Divine Flame Seal was used as an opportunity to allow Huo Dong to break through the Transition Realm and advance to the Mahayana Realm, then it would really be worth it!
‘Sect Master, I do have an idea that I reckon will be able to make Elder Yu and the others agree to open the Divine Flame Mountain.’
That Elder Tian opened his mouth and said!
‘What idea?’ Huo Yuan Ting asked with interest!
All along, this Elder Tian was considered Huo Yuan Ting’s wise advisor, which was why Huo Yuan Ting had asked Elder Tian by name from the start!
Moreover, Elder Tian dared to close his eyes and fake sleep in front of Huo Yuan Ting, all because of his brain!
Elder Tian’s strength wasn’t that high, but his brain was good!
The Celestial Realm was honoured by strength, and many people were desperate to cultivate, thus causing their IQs to be low!
Those with a bit of brains could be wise men!
‘Sect Master, that Elder Yu and the others have been disgruntled about Elder Hu being imprisoned for thirty years.’
‘We can use Elder Hu as a bargaining chip, as long as Elder Yu and the others agree to open the Divine Volcano, then we can release Elder Hu from being imprisoned for thirty years.’
‘If they don’t agree, then we can keep them locked up, these elders from the old sect master’s lineage have deep friendships, I think they will definitely agree for Elder Hu’s sake.’
Elder Tian carefully analysed!
‘Right, why didn’t I think of that?’
Huo Yuan Ting slapped the table and stood up, his face full of excitement, ‘Then let’s use this method, if that Elder Yu and the others don’t agree, I’ll lock up Elder Hu for a few more decades and see if they agree!’
‘Father, I heard that that Elder Yu has taken in a new disciple, the Inner Gate Competition Examination, and defeated Liu Sh*tong, and even made Liu Sh*tong call out to his elder brother?’
Huo Dong asked to Huo Yuan Ting!
‘Not bad, I don’t know where this guy found a disciple from, he looks like he is only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, but in the end, he even defeated Liu Sh*tong.’
‘In the end, Liu Sh*tong sacrificed the Black Demon Lotus and even exposed our Violet Flame Sect’s top secret Supreme Flame, but he couldn’t even defeat that guy.’
‘That fellow doesn’t seem to be afraid of the Supreme Flame, it’s really strange.’
Huo Yuan Ting’s brows furrowed at the mention of this matter!
His most favoured disciple had been defeated, and he was still calling out to someone else’s big brother, this was a disgrace!
The main thing was that Chen Ping actually did not fear the Supreme Fire, which made Huo Yuan Ting very strange!