Soon, the Dragon Cutting Sword was entangled by the three!
And Old Five was wielding the Martial Saint’s Sword and slashed fiercely at Chen Ping, the turquoise mane of the sword whistling out!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was left without a weapon in his hand, so he could only use the flesh of the Blood Demon in his hand as a weapon.
With a loud shout, Chen Ping instantly danced the flesh of the Blood Demon into action!
Clang ……
With a crisp sound, the sharp blade maneuver surprisingly directly deflected the Blood Demon’s flesh body.
At the same time, Old Seven was holding a ring-shaped sharp blade, which also came directly towards Chen Ping, the sharp edge of which tore apart the void, emitting a sound of air-breaking bursts!
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt up and instantly let the ring-shaped blade fly past his feet, followed by holding the Blood Demon’s feet and instantly wheeling the Blood Demon’s flesh towards Old Seven!
Chen Ping was using the Blood Demon’s flesh body as a stick!
When the crowd saw this scene, they couldn’t hold back their laughter for a moment!
They had never seen a fight like this before.
And the Blood Demon, a fellow who was also a lord thousands of years ago, was at this moment reduced to a weapon with his flesh body!
If this had been known to him, he would probably have died of anger long ago.
Above the grandstand, Zhou Jie’s face was filled with pity and helplessness when he saw that Chen Ping was actually using the Blood Demon’s flesh as a weapon, this was simply a waste!
“Old Seven be careful ……”
Seeing this, the tiger fingers on his hands emitted a dazzling light, followed by a fist smashing out, a terrifying aura meeting Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not show any weakness either, wielding the flesh of the Blood Demon in a tiger-like manner.
A powerful wind rose up, and the entire void in the ring became distorted under Chen Ping’s swing!
Boom boom boom …………
The boss smashed out a terrifying breath, only to have it blocked by Chen Ping holding the flesh of the Blood Demon!
There was a violent explosion, and not a single scratch on the Blood Demon! On the contrary, the Boss only felt his wrists go numb and his arms trembled slightly.
“f*ck you ……”
Chen Ping took the Blood Demon’s flesh round and the whistling sound came instantly!
When the boss saw this, his face was shocked and he hurriedly retreated backwards!
But it was already too late, Chen Ping had long ago wielded the Blood Devil’s flesh and smashed it over.
If it hit, the blood demon’s flesh would be fine, but the boss’s head would have to burst into pieces!
“Big brother ……”
Seeing this, Old Five fiercely threw the Martial Saint Blade in his hand, directly in front of the boss!
Clang …………
With a loud clang, Old Fifth’s Martial Saint Blade was sent flying, while the Boss took the opportunity to take two steps backwards, dodging the blow!
Chen Ping glanced at the Martial Saint Sword that was still flying in mid-air, and his eyes suddenly lit up, followed by a fierce force from his feet, directly grabbing towards that Martial Saint Sword.
This was a Martial Saint weapon, if they could take it for themselves, then their Dragon Sect would also have a Martial Saint weapon.
Even in Chen Ping’s absence, no one would dare to underestimate the Dragon Sect.
Old Five could see what Chen Ping was trying to do, and he too leapt up in a panic!
He didn’t dare to throw away the Martial Saint Artifact; if the Great Power knew about it, he would be punished.
Seeing that Old Five was about to get his hands on the Martial Saint Sword, Chen Ping directly used the flesh of the Blood Demon in his hand as a dart and threw it towards Old Five.
Old Five was unable to dodge and viciously followed the flesh of that Blood Demon as it collided with it!
What was even more coincidental was that the two of them collided face to face, mouth to mouth.
This disgusted the old man!
The tremendous impact caused Old Five’s body to fall rapidly, and his internal organs tumbled about!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took hold of the hilt of the Martial Saint’s Sword in a smooth motion, and Chen Ping instantly felt a burst of breath from within the Martial Saint’s Sword.
Slowly falling to the ground, Chen Ping reached out to catch the Blood Demon’s flesh!