Chen Ping took Bai Shallow and Fire Phoenix and quickly left as well!
Then after finding a secluded cave, where there was no special aura around, Chen Ping placed formations around the area, so that if someone came, they could still withstand it for a while!
After doing everything, Chen Ping took out the Immortal Ore from his storage ring.
“I have Immortal Ore here, you can use it to restore your power.”
Chen Ping said to Bai Shallow!
“Immortal mine recovery is certainly fast, but it’s not as fast as being with you, which makes me recover ah ……”
Bai Shallow said as she looked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping knew what was going on as soon as he heard it, so he said to the fire phoenix “Fire phoenix, you go outside and keep watch, if there is any movement, you have to notify me immediately.”
“I know master ……”
The fire phoenix nodded, then looked at Bai Shao and said “Fox royal daughter, in a moment you can take it easy, my master has more than just you as a woman ……”
Bai Shao froze “Could it be that you have also been ……”
“That is of course, I have long been the master’s!”
Fire Phoenix said proudly!
“Well, you quickly go and guard it!” Chen Ping told the fire phoenix to hurry out!
After Fire Phoenix left, Bai Shao looked at Chen Ping and said “How many women do you have?”
“That doesn’t seem to have anything to do with you, does it? The two of us are just trading.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he actually took the initiative to go forward and help Bai Shao undress!
Chen Ping’s movements were very gentle, making Bai Shao very receptive!
This was the first time Chen Ping had become proactive!
Soon, the two people were entwined in the Immortal Mine!
Along with the mingling of the two bloodlines, in addition to the absorption of the Immortal Mine, Bai Shallow’s power was recovering rapidly!
Chen Ping also took this opportunity to be absorbing the energy within the Immortal Mine!
Chen Ping and Bai Shao were both immersed in it, forgetting about time!
On the other hand, the fire phoenix outside the cave was a little bored.
“Master is also really, it seems like he has never been with me for such a long time, biased ……”
The fire phoenix looked a little unhappy!
But right at this moment, the Fire Phoenix suddenly frowned and looked towards the distance!
“Someone is coming?”
The Fire Phoenix sensed that someone was coming, and at this moment, Chen Ping was lusting after Bai Shao!
Fire Phoenix could only leap up and head towards the other side of the mountain range!
She had to attract people to other places and could not discover Chen Ping and Bai Shao!
If the two were disturbed now, Bai Shallow would not be able to recover and it would be very traumatic for her body!
The fire phoenix deliberately hung in mid-air, and along with a cry, a fire feather stretched out from the sides of the fire phoenix!
“So it’s a fire phoenix, I didn’t realise that this God and Demon Battlefield, there’s still this kind of divine beast ……”
A teasing voice came from the void, followed by the distortion of the void as a silhouette slowly appeared!
The Fire Phoenix glanced at the silhouette in front of him and frowned slightly “What are you?”
“My name is Qi Peijia, I don’t know if Miss has ever heard of my name?”
Qi Peijia said with a slight smile!
Fire Phoenix then shook her head, she didn’t know Qi Peijia, but she was able to feel the terrifying aura on Qi Peijia’s body!
With Fire Phoenix’s current strength, it was impossible for her to be Qi Peijia’s opponent!
“This name of yours is so strange, I’ve never heard of it at all ……”
Fire Phoenix pretended to be very innocent and said!
“Hahaha, it doesn’t matter if you haven’t heard it, haven’t you heard it now?”
Qi Peijia laughed out loud “Seeing as you are a divine beast, how come your strength is so low, could it be that you have been trapped in the Divine and Demonic Battlefield all this time?”
“No, I also entered this Divine Demon Battlefield not long ago, I see that you also have fierce beasts embroidered on your black robe, could it be that you are also a beast race?”
Fire Phoenix asked curiously!
Qi Peijia shook his head “I’m not a beast race, I’m a devil race, but I have no animosity towards your beast race.”
“You are only in the Harmonisation realm now, so you will enter the Divine Demon Battlefield alone, it will be very dangerous, if you are willing to acknowledge me as your master and be my pet, I can keep you safe in this Divine Demon Battlefield!”
Qi Peijia actually wanted to take the fire phoenix as a pet!