“Brother Jiang, let’s go out for a walk ……”
Chen Ping said to Jiang Wei.
“Good!” Jiang Wei nodded his head!
Chen Ping and the two of them walked out of the palace and skipped through the streets, many of the doors of the houses on the streets were locked tightly, obviously many people had left the place!
If it weren’t for the sudden arrival of these thousands of experts from various schools, the whole Penglai Island would probably look a lot colder!
On this journey, Chen Ping and the others could always hear about the relics in the middle of the island, and many people were talking about it!
“Mr. Chen, why did this relic suddenly appear again? Could it be that someone has discovered something?”
Jiang Wei was wondering, it had only been a few short days, how come they all knew about the relics on Penglai Island!
Chen Ping was also a bit puzzled and frowned slightly, “I don’t know if there are relics on Penglai Island, and I don’t know if there are spell formations or divine altars, but since someone has discovered the relics, how could they be proclaiming them everywhere?”
“And if there are relics and the directions are known, why haven’t these people found them?”
When Jiang Wei heard this, he felt that it made sense, so he said, “Mr. Chen thinks that the rumours of this relic are false?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “I have no way to tell if it is true or false before I figure it out, but we have to be careful to do so.”
Chen Ping was chatting after Jiang Wei when he saw three people walking towards him, these three people were none other than Zhu Hao from the Zhu family, Qiao Zhiyong from the Qiao family and Hong Qianjiu from the Hong family.
In comparison, these three people were familiar with each other, among the many clans and families, so it was natural for them to get closer.
Zhu Hao still had anger in his eyes when he saw Chen Ping!
“Brother Jiang, I didn’t expect to see you again so soon.”
Hong Qianjiu stepped forward and greeted Jiang Wei after him, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Congratulations to Mr. Chen, obtaining the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, I believe Mr. Chen’s strength must have increased by a lot.”
“It was just a fluke ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Haha, Mr. Chen obtained it with his strength, where is it a fluke.” Hong Qianjiu laughed, then looked at Jiang Wei and said, “Brother Jiang, I have something to say to you, can I borrow a step to talk?”
“If you have something to say, just say it straight here!” Jiang Wei said indifferently.
And that Hong Qianjiu glanced at Chen Ping, seemingly wanting to say something but not doing so!
“Brother Jiang, you guys talk, I’ll go around by myself first ……”
Chen Ping saw that Hong Qianjiu was looking at himself in and was not good at opening his mouth, so he intended to leave!
But who knew that Jiang Wei pulled Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, you don’t have to go.”
After stopping Chen Ping, Jiang Wei was slightly unhappy and said to Hong Qianjiu, “If you have something to say, just say it, if not, then I will leave.”
“Wait a minute ……”
Hong Qianjiu stopped Jiang Wei and then said, “Brother Jiang, as you can see, dozens of clans and families have come to this Penglai Island, you should know what these clans and families represent behind them, now many of them are secretly starting to unite, so I hope that our four families can also temporarily ally to deal with what will happen later.”
“If we go our own way and work as a scattered group, we will all end up being driven away or wiped out in the end.”
Hong Qianjiu had found Jiang Wei, it turned out, just to make an alliance and be able to stand out among these many clans and families!
Jiang Wei did not expect Hong Qianjiu to follow his alliance, so he looked at Chen Ping, after all, Jiang Wei had to listen to Chen Ping now.
He represented the Tian Luo House, and since the owner of the House, Jiang Wu Ya, had spoken, how could Jiang Wei dare not obey!
Hong Qianjiu saw Jiang Wei look at Chen Ping and a hint of surprise flashed across his face!
Even if Jiang Wei followed Chen Ping and cared well, that should be equal, but looking at this situation, it was as if Jiang Wei had to listen to Chen Ping’s arrangements!
“Jiang Wei, as the eldest son of the Jiang family in the northwest, why do you still need to consult Chen Ping? Is Chen Ping your father?”
Zhu Hao saw the way Jiang Wei looked at Chen Ping and was instantly furious!