“Zhu Zhishan, if you dare to kill me, my father he will definitely ……”
“Your Dong family is nothing now, if I kill you, your father will still dare to find trouble with the Martial Alliance, don’t think of your Dong family as too bullish ……”
Not waiting for Dong Jiahao to finish, Zhu Zhishan directly disliked Dong Jiahao back.
Dong Jiahao still wanted to say something else, but was interrupted by Chen Ping waving his hand, “Brother Dong, back off, no matter what I do, you should not make a move, or you will waste your life for nothing ……”
Dong Jiahao looked at Chen Ping’s determined face, and in the end, he could only sigh and retreat backwards as well.
Seeing everyone retreat, the corners of Zhu Zhishan’s mouth raised, “Chen Ping, I can honestly tell you that these four experts from our Martial Alliance were all fed with your girlfriend’s blood, don’t you feel that they carry your girlfriend’s aura on them?”
“Now I’m letting the four of them deal with you, so that even if you die, it’s the same as being killed by your own girlfriend, and in the future, our Martial Dao Alliance, will use your girlfriend’s blood to raise more experts, while your girlfriend, will only be locked up in a dungeon for the rest of her life!”
Zhu Zhishan was full of sneers and spoke very softly, so softly that only the two of them could hear.
Chen Ping’s face turned cold as a murderous aura instantly burst out!
“I’ll get you to death ……”
Chen Ping could not hold back any longer, his eyes were scarlet!
A fist ruthlessly smashed towards Zhu Zhishan, who hastily raised his hand to block it, but was still smashed by Chen Ping’s fist and took several steps backwards!
“Today, you will all die …………”
Chen Ping’s face was full of fierceness, and his aura exploded to the extreme!
Zhu Zhishan, however, was not afraid, but revealed a cold smile, “Hahahaha, getting anxious, I like seeing you like this ……”
Chen Ping took a step out, and the terrifying aura from his body spread out towards Zhu Zhishan.
The four Martial Alliance experts who were originally behind Zhu Zhishan instantly leapt up, and the four of them instantly blocked the terrifying aura from Chen Ping out.
“Chen Ping, you are rude to the Alliance Master, D*mn you ……”
Xu Song, one of the four, looked at Chen Ping coldly and said.
“You have consumed Yu Qi’s blood, today I will make all your blood drain ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly appeared in his hand, and a burst of humming sounded above the sword!
The sword qi rose to the sky with bloodthirsty killing intent, instantly enveloping the four Xu Song men.
The four of them also instantly formed up in battle formation, ready to follow Chen Ping in a fight!
But it was then that Long Xiao walked over with faithful steps.
“Lord Zhu, it’s better to leave the matter of killing Chen Ping to me, I don’t share the same fate with Chen Ping, so I’m going to kill him with my own hands ……”
Long Xiao said to Zhu Zhishan.
At this moment, Long Xiao carried an incomparable confidence, because when he was on the boat, Chen Ping was beaten without a fight, so now Long Xiao planned to kill Chen Ping by himself.
Zhu Zhishan glanced at Long Xiao: “Duke Long, are you sure of killing this Chen Ping?”
“Hahahaha, of course I am sure, although this Chen Ping’s strength is strong, but I have found a method to restrain him ……”
Long Xiao said with a chuckle.
Zhu Zhishan nodded: “Surprisingly, Duke Long is so confident, then let you make the first move, this Chen Ping is already a turtle in a jar, there is no way to escape, when the time comes that you are no match for that Chen Ping, I will make the move ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a few of the people who have been in the area.
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand was tightly gripped, it seemed that his deliberate inability to beat this Long Xiao on the ship had really worked!
“Chen Ping, now you and I can fight to the best of our abilities, but I hope you can resist for a little longer, if I kill you too soon, I will be disappointed ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, he only saw his palm swung violently, followed by a black aura starting to surround his body!