They could die and be done with it, but if their souls were pinched by Chen Ping, then they would be in trouble, and it wouldn’t be a matter of whether they died or not!
Chen Ping could totally keep torturing them, making their lives worse than death!
“What the hell are you doing?”
Old Man Zang roared at Chen Ping with great anger!
“I just want you guys to take me to that Beast City to have a look, and nothing else.”
Chen Ping said!
“Impossible, if we bring you to the Beast City and the City Lord finds out about it, none of our family members will have to live either, they will be exterminated.”
Old Man Zang said very firmly!
“How could it be known, I also have a Beast Race aura on me, I can completely integrate into you guys.”
“If you guys don’t agree, then I can only use the Supreme Fire to cauterise your divine souls every day, letting you live in pain every day.”
Chen Ping said helplessly!
“Don’t, don’t ……” the green-robed middle-aged man panicked and hurriedly begged Chen Ping, and then turned to that Zang Lao and said, “Zang Lao, just agree to him, our Beast City is so big, and there are still quite a few loose cultivators around, they won’t find out. ”
“Zang Lao, I think just promise him, if it’s not possible we’ll just throw him outside the city and let him enter the city on his own.”
That Deer brother also panicked a bit and said to that Hidden Old Man!
The hidden old man looked at the two men and finally hesitated for a moment and said, “Alright, we can take you into the city, but we can only throw you outside the city, and then we’ll go our separate ways, and no one will know anyone.”
“Also the rules of Beast City are strict, you shouldn’t expect to use force inside Beast City, the Beast City’s law enforcement team will arrest you then.”
“No problem!”Chen Ping nodded!
Chen Ping only wanted to know how to get to that Beast City right now, as for the things that would happen when he arrived at the Beast City, that was all an afterthought!
Seeing Chen Ping agree, only then did Old Man Zang reluctantly leap up, and then the few people flew towards the front!
I don’t know how long it had been, Chen Ping always felt that the scenery around them hadn’t changed much, it was as if they had been stuck in the same place!
“You guys aren’t fooling me, right? We haven’t moved at all?”
Chen Ping said with some anger!
“Don’t be angry, we are already approaching the Beast City, it’s just that you didn’t realise it.”
That green-robed middle-aged man hurriedly explained!
Afterwards, he made a wink, signalling Chen Ping to look towards that Hidden Old Man!
Chen Ping followed the green-robed middle-aged man’s gaze to look at the Tibetan Elder and found that in the Tibetan Elder’s hand.Something similar to a compass had appeared!
There was also a pointer inside that was constantly trembling, while that Zang Lao had been travelling in the direction of the pointer!
“We’ve been in the illusionary realm all along now, only the thing in Zang Lao’s hand can take us out.”
“Without that thing, even we from Beast City wouldn’t be able to leave the boundaries of Beast City at all.”
“That thing is something that Old Man Zang spent a great deal of money to get from the City Lord’s Mansion, or else the three of us wouldn’t have been able to get out.”
The green-robed middle-aged man whispered after Chen Ping!
He was intentionally trying to curry favour with Chen Ping, it was obvious that he was afraid of death!
Chen Ping nodded and followed the three of them as they flew for some more time!
Soon, a white light suddenly flashed before Chen Ping’s eyes, followed by a huge city appearing in front of him!
Looking at the city in front of him, Chen Ping was a little shocked!
He had seen quite a few cities in the Celestial Realm, even the Imperial City of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Chen Ping had entered it many times!
However, this city in front of him was many times larger than any city he had ever seen!
Moreover, around the city, there were countless villages and towns of all sizes!
It was like a small kingdom here, and this huge city was estimated to be able to hold hundreds of thousands of cultivators, which was simply unimaginable!
“This is the Beast City now, you take care of yourself!”
Old Man Zang said as he looked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, then with a wave of his hand, he returned all three people’s divine souls to each other!