The palace in the depths of the sea, under this violent stirring, also began to become shaky, and Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes in the midst of this shaking.
Just as he opened his eyes, he was hit by a blinding golden light that made his eyes hurt, and Chen Ping hastily used his hands to shield them.
“Where am I? Could this be heaven?”
Chen Ping shook his head hard and then slowly got up.
When he saw that he was in an immense, opulent palace, his entire body was in a dumbfounded state.
But soon, Chen Ping reacted that this was not heaven, and that he was not dead.
Chen Ping carefully surveyed the palace, the whole palace looked like it was made of gold and emitted a dazzling golden light!
In particular, the throne on the main throne gave people a sense of majesty, but the sculpture of a mermaid on the throne seemed out of place in the palace and the throne.
Chen Ping then looked at the floor of the hall, looking at the pieces of beast pellets on the floor, feeling the spiritual energy emanating from them, a trace of excitement flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes!
But just as Chen Ping wanted to take a closer look at the beast pellets, he found that a faint spiritual energy was emanating from them, and that they had all converged into the sculpture on the throne!
Even the YuanYing on Chen Ping’s body was also emitting spiritual energy outwards, which kept converging on the sculpture!
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed slightly, his face full of disbelief!
A sculpture, how could it have the ability to absorb spiritual energy? Could there be a human being hidden inside this sculpture? Or was this not a sculpture at all?
Chen Ping cautiously stepped forward, wanting to examine it and see what was going on with the sculpture.
But as soon as Chen Ping’s body approached the throne, it was jolted back by a tremendous force.
This throne was surrounded by a formation that protected it, so there was no way for Chen Ping to get close!
Moreover, now Chen Ping’s body was extremely weak and his spiritual energy was almost depleted, so there was no way for him to break the formation!
“Forget about it first, recovering your body is important ……”
Chen Ping decided to ignore what was going on with the sculpture for now, and recover his spiritual energy first before he could.
There were so many beast pills on the ground, plus he still had his YuanYing, these were enough for Chen Ping to recover to his peak state, maybe even allowing Chen Ping to advance one more realm!
Chen Ping casually picked up a beast pellet and swallowed it directly, and a wave of spiritual qi instantly exploded within Chen Ping’s body.
Although the spiritual energy of a single beast pill was very little and was of little use to Chen Ping, there were thousands of beast pills here, enough for Chen Ping to absorb for a while.
Chen Ping sat impatiently on his knees, followed by the Heart Condensation Technique in his body activating, and a swirling stream of spiritual qi began to swirl above Chen Ping’s head.
The spiritual qi on those beast pills shifted to rest a*sured and began to swarm towards Chen Ping’s body.
As the spiritual qi shifted direction, the colour on the mermaid sculpture on that throne instantly appeared to darken a little.
Chen Ping had his eyes slightly closed and did not even notice this, even the eyes of that mermaid sculpture actually moved slightly, the anger in his eyes could be clearly seen, only unfortunately Chen Ping did not notice!
A large amount of beast dan spirit energy was absorbed by Chen Ping, while the spirit energy within Chen Ping’s dantian began to recover at a rapid pace!
Just as Chen Ping was diving into his cultivation to reply, a huge fluctuation directly stripped Chen Ping’s divine sense from his body.
When he opened his eyes, he found that he had already entered another dimension.
He saw that this was a small island with lush greenery, and on top of it, there was a very grand and magnificent palace!
Many people were going in and out of the palace, and the clothes these people were wearing were surprisingly ancient, like the clothes people wore thousands of years ago.