“Sorry, we are new from outside and don’t know the rules ……”
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly stepped forward and explained to the young man!
“From the outside?”
After the young man looked at Chen Ping and the others twice again, he spoke indifferently, “Since you don’t know the rules, I won’t bother with you, go kneel and worship ……”
Hu Pazi nodded his head repeatedly, “Good …………”
And Zhao Barging on the side, looking at the young man’s arrogant look, had long been displeased, after seeing this obsequious performance of Hu Pazi, felt very humiliated!
How to say, Zhao Barging was once a dude, a magnate’s son brother, he can’t stand this anger!
“If you want us to kneel down, then we’ll kneel down, a broken stone man, what the hell is there to worship?”
Zhao Beng asked the young man.
Zhao Barging’s words instantly aroused the young man’s anger, and those guards in armour even directly surrounded Zhao Barging.
“How dare you, you dare to be rude to the Crown Prince, looking for death ……”
With that, the scimitar in one guard’s hand instantly slashed towards Zhao Zhaogao!
Zhao Zhaogao’s face showed disdain, the strength of these guards was no match for him, so Zhao Zhaogao was not afraid!
He reached out and grabbed the scimitar, and then kicked out with one hand.
The guard was instantly kicked over to the ground, while the other guards rushed towards Zhao Barging!
“Alright, alright, don’t fight ……”
Hu Ma Zi stepped forward, the aura on his body exploded, instantly making those guards feel the pressure and couldn’t take a step forward!
Feeling the aura on Hu Ma Zi’s body, it was obvious that the young man’s face changed, and then his eyebrows furrowed, looking at Hu Ma Zi with some surprise.
“All stand down ……”
The young man spoke up, and all those guards retreated.
“We will go and kneel down, we will go and kneel down here ……”
Hu Ma Zi nodded to the young man, then pulled Zhao Beng and Chen Ping to go kneel!
“Don’t make a scene here, or else how else can we investigate the secrets of this place ……”
Hu Ma Zi whispered to Chen Ping!
Zhao Barging was still a little unconvinced, but Chen Ping spoke up, “Zhao Barging, listen to Master Hu ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had spoken, Zhao Barging didn’t dare to say anything else.
The three men walked inside the temple hall and then knelt down to pay their respects!
The moment they knelt down, a faint white light emanated from their bodies, which was then absorbed by the stone statue!
Neither Zhao Chuan nor Hu Ma Zi felt anything strange, but Chen Ping suddenly frowned and then looked straight at the stone statue in front of him.
The moment he had just knelt down, Chen Ping felt a trace of spiritual energy inexplicably being sucked away from his body and subsequently into the stone statue!
“There is something odd about this stone statue ……”
Chen Ping said in a small voice.
“What’s odd about it? Haven’t you scouted it?”
Hu Ma Zi asked strangely.
“Just now, my divine sense probed and didn’t detect it, I need to check it again ……”
Chen Ping said, then he got up and walked towards the stone statue, and gently placed his palm on top of it!
This act of Chen Ping instantly startled the others around him with a loud cry.
“How dare you, how dare you touch the gods with your hands, you are too reckless ……”
“Come back quickly, you’re looking for death ……”
“Beat him to death ……”
The people around saw Chen Ping’s actions, and one by one, they all became angry!
And the young man outside heard the shouting and led his men to quickly rush in!
After he saw that Chen Ping had actually touched the stone statue with his hand, he became extremely angry!
“Let go, you’re looking for death ……”
A terrifying killing intent instantly erupted from the young man!
However, the young man did not make a move against Chen Ping, fearing that if he did so here, he would damage the stone statue.
But Chen Ping acted as if he hadn’t heard it, simply ignoring the young man, instead, the force on his hand increased, and a crack instantly appeared in the stone statue, followed by it instantly crumbling.