But at this moment, the Martial Alliance elder at the side, seeing this sudden appearance of Zhu Zhishan’s armor, his entire face showed surprise.
He did not expect that their Alliance Master was, in fact, an evil cultivator.
The sinister and evil aura wrapped around this gauntlet, he could feel it from a long distance away.
This elder looked at Zhu Zhishan incredulously, his eyes filled with disbelief, then turned around and ran straight towards the distance.
Although Zhu Zhishan was the Alliance Master, at this moment he was also an evil cultivator, and this elder was not willing to work for an evil cultivator!
“Humph ……”
Zhu Zhishan coldly snorted, followed by a slap towards the fleeing elder.
A black qi instantly shot out from Zhu Zhishan’s palm and directly penetrated the back of that elder!
That Elder didn’t even have time to scream out in agony before he died straight away.
“Knowing my secret, they all have to die ……”
Zhu Zhishan narrowed his eyes as he looked at Chen Ping after killing that elder.
“You scum of the martial arts world, today I will let you know what it is like to be abused ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as the golden light on his body skyrocketed!
He then rampaged directly towards Zhu Zhishan.
Boom boom boom …………
Chen Ping went crazy as his fists came out in unison, smashing heavily towards Zhu Zhi Shan.
The power of the divine dragon surrounded his fists, and each punch had the force of ten thousand pounds.
The Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, did not dodge or evade, but also threw his fists in unison, smashing fiercely at Chen Ping!
The two men were attacking each other face to face like this!
They were fighting, fighting for each other’s energy to dry up, fighting for each other’s armour to break!
They didn’t know how many punches they had thrown, and at this moment, both Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body and Zhu Zhishan’s black gold armour were all damaged!
Soon, Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body began to fall off and disappear, while Zhu Zhishan’s black gold armour also faced collapse, with gaps covering his entire body.
Boom!
Another fist smashed out, and Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body completely disappeared.
And Zhu Zhi Shan’s black gold armour also instantly became shattered and disappeared without a trace.
Both of them were breathing heavily, and Zhu Zhishan’s forehead was still covered in cold sweat!
It was evident that this duel just now had cost him a huge amount of physical strength.
“I will give you a taste of frustration today ……”
Looking at Zhu Zhishan who was panting heavily, Chen Ping said coldly.
But just as Chen Ping finished his words, Zhu Zhishan laughed out loud.
“Chen Ping, you are too arrogant, it is not good to be so arrogant at such a young age, even if you are an immortal cultivator, what can you do, I will kill you just the same today ……”
Zhu Zhishan laughed loudly, followed by another black light flashing in front of his chest, soon the broken and disappeared armor on Zhu Zhishan’s body, unexpectedly wrapped around his whole body again.
Seeing that this Zhu Zhi Shan had the ability to regenerate his armor, Chen Ping felt very surprised!
“Chen Ping, do you feel very surprised?” Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile, “I can tell you that this armour of mine does not need to consume a single ounce of my energy, if you have the ability to break it, I can make him regenerate it.”
“I would like to see how much strength you have left to break my armor ……”
After saying that, Zhu Zhishan leapt up high and smashed his fist towards Chen Ping with a blast.
Chen Ping frowned as he clenched his right hand into a fist, a golden light shining above his fist!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Although Chen Ping did not have his Unbreakable Golden Body anymore, the strength of his physical body was not beyond the reach of ordinary people.
A fist ruthlessly met him, and a terrifying force instantly exploded.
Zhu Zhishan’s body instantly retreated several steps backwards, while Chen Ping also retreated one after another, all the way back a dozen steps before he could stabilise himself.
Seeing this scene, Zhu Zhishan finally had confidence on his face.
“Chen Ping, I want to taste the taste of being abused, but unfortunately you don’t have that ability ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a teasing expression.