Granny Zhen also hugged the girl and said, “Huan’er, are you alright?”
“Auntie, I’m quite well, if it wasn’t for my father telling me, I wouldn’t have known that you’ve come home?”
“My father is really something too, how did he arrange you in this kind of place, I have to settle the score with him later!”
Zhen Huan glanced at the environment of the room and said with some anger!
“Your father also had some good intentions, didn’t he already ask you to arrange another place for me.”
Granny Zhen said!
“Yes, I’ve kept auntie’s former courtyard still, I’ve been sending people to clean it, now I’ll take auntie there!”
Zhen Huan nodded!
“Wait, I still have a few friends, bring them over together!”
Granny Zhen finished speaking and called out Bai Shao, Fire Phoenix and the girls!
Then Chen Ping and Liu Ruyan, they all walked out of the room as well!
Seeing so many people, Zhen Huan looked a little shy!
“Miss, this is my niece Zhen Huan ……”
Granny Zhen followed Bai Qian and introduced her!
“Huan’er, auntie has been living in Hu Huang City all these years, thanks to Miss taking her in.”
Granny Zhen looked at Zhen Huan and said!
“My name is Zhen Huan, thank you for taking in my aunt.”
Zhen Huan politely followed Bai Shallow and said!
“My name is Bai Shallow, in fact, for so many years, it was Granny Zhen who took care of me.”
Bai Shallow was very embarrassed and said!
Obviously, all these years, it was Granny Zhen who took care of her!
“Alright, you guys come with me, the visitor is a guest, letting you live in this kind of place, it’s our Zhen family being rude.”
Zhen Huan was very guilty and said!
Looking at Zhen Huan’s polite and courteous appearance, it was worthy of being a great lady of a great family!
Zhen Huan brought Chen Ping and the others to a luxurious courtyard that was richly decorated!
This was the style of a great family!
“Auntie, you guys rest first, at night, father is going to hold a family banquet to receive auntie.”
Zhen Huan said slowly after bringing Granny Zhen and the girls to the place!