“What dare not, those who are afraid of you are grandsons, Laozi go ahead and wait for you, just wait for your death ……”
Chen Ping sneered, then his body leapt up and headed towards the outskirts.
Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, was pale with anger and panted heavily, “Elder brother Du, you must pick the skin of this Chen Ping and draw his tendons before you can do anything ……”
“Elder brother Zhu, don’t worry about it, this kid won’t survive ……”
Du Da’s eyes were full of brilliant light, Chen Ping was now a superior resource in his eyes.
Du Da’s body was long, instantly also towards the outskirts, Zhu Zhishan saw this and hurriedly followed.
…………
Inside the Protector’s Pavilion.
Mr. Shi leisurely sipped his tea, while Zhao Wuji stood respectfully at the side.
“Mr. Shi, this morning Mr. Chen went to the entrance of the Martial Alliance to call out curses, as if he was going to follow that Zhu Zhishan in a match ……”
Zhao Wuji reported in a small voice.
Once Mr. Shi heard this, he smiled lightly, “This guy, he’s quite active, I hope he doesn’t get beaten half to death ……”
Zhao Wuji was a little confused, Mr. Shi was clearly defending Chen Ping in every way, but why did it seem like Mr. Shi did not want to help Chen Ping in this competition?
However, Zhao Wuji did not dare to ask, now he, the Lord of the Protector Pavilion, was just running errands and maintaining law and order, there were some things that his rank could not be involved in at all.
Just then, Xing Jun walked in, and after seeing Mr. Shi, he nodded and said, “Mr. Shi, your prediction was really good, this time Zhu Zhi Shan did not inform anyone, it looks like he wanted to kill Chen Ping secretly, but I have already informed ……”
“En, you go with me to check it out too, don’t really let this kid Chen Ping hang ……”
Mr. Shi put down his cup of tea and slowly got up and said.
“Mr. Shi, if you go personally, will it cause suspicion among the people? You have said that you won’t be bothering Chen Ping ……”
Xing Jun reminded at Mr. Shi.
“Did I say I would be minding him? I was just watching the fun!”
Mr. Shi smiled faintly, then walked out.
At this moment, in the outskirts, quite a few people from the clan families had gathered together.
The purpose of Mr. Shi doing this was to reduce Chen Ping’s potential enemies, so that when these people saw Chen Ping’s strength, they would not choose to go against him!
And Zhu Zhishan looked at those gathered on the outskirts, his face was hard to see, he did not want anyone to know this time, as this was also Du Da’s intention.
Penglai Island belonged to an overseas island and was considered a hidden place, not many people knew about it, and Du Da did not want too many people to know about its existence.
“Elder brother Zhu, what does this mean?”
Du Da looked at the number of people gathered at the scene and asked with a frown and a very unhappy face.
“Elder brother Du, I’m not sure either, this time when you came to the capital, I didn’t tell anyone, even less would I have informed so many people.” Zhu Zhishan explained anxiously, “Could it be that this brat Chen Ping informed you? Or else I’ll give the order to have the people from the Martial Alliance and get rid of all these guys.”
“Well, since that’s the case, it can only be done quickly ……”
Du Da waved his hand, then his body leapt to Chen Ping.
Boom!
Duda’s ma*sive figure smashed a large crater directly into the ground, sending rocks flying and trembling the earth!
Seeing Duda make such a huge appearance, many people couldn’t help but be a little surprised!
“Who is this guy? Is he from the Martial Arts Union? Does he look familiar?”
“I’m not sure, but this guy’s aura is so strong, I don’t know where Lord Zhu invited him from.”
“This is King Du, an old-timer from decades ago, you should all know him, this guy used to be very strong, but then he disappeared, I don’t know where he went.”
“This Du Da went to Penglai Island, I heard that he took over the mountain there and became a land emperor, living in style.”
“What is Penglai Island?”