“It was me who did it ……”
At this moment, a faint voice came out.
Everyone looked for the sound and found that on a large rock, Chen Ping was looking at the Tianwu Sect crowd with a disdainful expression.
And beside Chen Ping, Xiao Lan stood there, her eyes full of anger, glaring tightly at Xia Chao.
There was also the crowd from the Miao Village, all of whom had been saved by Chen Ping and were standing behind him.
When Xia Chao saw that Xiaolan and these people from the Miao Village had been saved, he faintly stared, and then turned to Chen Ping and said, “Kid, who are you? Why did you destroy my Heavenly Martial Sect’s divine Spring, as well as save these Miaozhai people?”
“I’m not a person, I just don’t see you guy in a good light, is that alright?”
Chen Ping said with the corner of his mouth raised.
At these words, Xia Chao directly froze, he had seen Chen Ping, when the Miao King said this guy was a madman, and was in a mess when he was dragged away, but now it was such a madman who dared to follow himself and talk like this.
“b*****d, how do you talk to our Young Master?”
“This is the Heavenly Martial Sect, who dares to be disrespectful to our Eldest Young Master here?”
“You’re looking for death, talking like that about our Eldest Young Master is punishable by execution of the nine clans ……”
The Tianwu Sect’s disciples drew their weapons one after another, each taking the opportunity to blow up at Xia Chao.
Chen Ping said with a smile at these guys from the Tianwu Sect who were kissing a*s, “You guys are still calling each other Young Master, but you don’t know that your Young Master is no longer a man long ago, he is now a eunuch who is not yin or yang, if you don’t believe me, you can just let your Young Master take off his trousers and find out.
”
Chen Ping’s words made the many disciples of the Heavenly Martial Sect all startled, not many people in the Heavenly Martial Sect knew about Xia Chao’s cultivation of evil arts, only a few people knew about it, that’s why there was such a big reaction.
“b*****d, you’re f*cking looking for death …………”
Xia Chao’s face was on fire as he was looked at by the Tianwu Sect’s crowd, and he couldn’t help but be enraged as his aura instantly rose up.
“I think it is you who is looking for death ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body floated down, followed by a fist smashing towards that Xia Chao.
The whistling strong wind scared that Xia Chao, he didn’t expect a madman to have such a high level of strength.
In his haste, Xia Chao hurriedly dodged backwards, looking woefully out of place.
“Kid, who the hell are you? What’s the connection with following the Miao Village?”
Xia Chao wondered when such a young expert had appeared in the Miao Village.
“I don’t have any relationship with the Miao Village, I simply look at you, a male and female disgusting guy, and want to teach you a lesson ……”
Chen Ping said disdainfully.
Xia Chao’s eyes narrowed slightly, but he did not rush to strike at Chen Ping, because someone so young and with such high strength would definitely not be an ordinary person, he should be the son of any clan or family.
Right now, the Heavenly Martial Sect was developing, so Xia Chao did not want to attract strong enemies to the Heavenly Martial Sect.
“Then you must be here for Xiao Lan, right?” Xia Chao glanced at Xiao Lan beside Chen Ping: “Let me tell you, this woman is a natural charming body, she knows charm techniques, don’t fall for her trick and be charmed by her ……”
“Cut the f*cking crap, I’m happy to be charmed, are you moving your hand? I broke your Heavenly Martial Sect’s spring and you don’t even dare to make a move with me, aren’t you too much of a wimp? If you don’t dare to make a move, kneel down and give me a kowtow and I’ll let you go ……”
Chen Ping said with some impatience.
Xia Chao’s face was cold as he said gloomily, “Kid, you seek death ……”
After saying that, Xia Chao’s body instantly went towards Chen Ping and slapped his palm towards Chen Ping’s chest.
In Xia Chao’s palm, there was a faint flicker of red light, and at first glance, he had used an evil technique.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth raised, surprisingly did not dodge or evade, with the strength of this Grand Master of Xia Chao, simply can not break Chen Ping this strong body.