“Brother, stop, stop ……”
The youngest sister ran over, desperately pulling her brother to let Xiong Ying go!
Now the youngest sister’s brother is on the top of the head, where is it possible to put Xiong Ying!
“Roll aside ……”
The youngest sister’s brother slapped out a palm, and directly sent the youngest sister flying out, the youngest sister’s body fell heavily on the ground, spitting blood!
But the youngest sister’s brother did not even look at a glance, only focusing on the Xiong Ying underneath!
At this time, Chen Ping, hearing the faint sound of help, his eyebrows instantly wrinkled!
Because he heard it, it was Xiong Ying’s voice!
Only to see Chen Ping’s clothes move without any wind, and immediately after that, the surrounding mountains and forests also resounded with the sound of rustling wind, and the leaves of the trees shook with it!
Chen Ping began to unleash the power of the Origin of Wind, a strange sound of wind suddenly rang out, and the originally calm mountain forest suddenly became wildly windy, with leaves flying.
Brother Youngest Sister was stunned, and his movements involuntarily paused.
Immediately after, he was surprised to find that the sudden gusts of wind around him had at this moment even begun to transform into a wind blade that was coming towards him.
“What’s going on?!”
Brother Youngest Sister was shocked, constantly dodging the wind blades, and no longer had the chance to lay his hands on Xiong Ying.
Seeing this, Xiong Ying hurriedly got up and ran towards the youngest sister.
“Youngest sister, youngest sister ……”
Xiong Ying was concerned about the youngest sister’s safety!
Xiong broad looked at the sudden upsurge of the wind blade, full of shock, he did not understand this sudden gust of wind, how can there be a wind blade?
This is obviously a gale created by someone, and this wind blade is definitely issued by the other party!
But who was actually helping them in this place?
Just when Xiong Gao couldn’t guess who was helping, a figure slowly appeared!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing the person who came, Xiong Guo was shocked beyond belief, he did not expect it to be Chen Ping.
Xiong Ying and Youngest Sister were also instantly excited with tears in their eyes after seeing that it was Chen Ping who had come!
The youngest sister’s brother was also a bit dumbfounded, looking at Chen Ping in disbelief.
“Weren’t you …… you …… you sucked into that gourd and trapped inside?”
The youngest sister’s brother asked with disbelief!
At this time, that Qiu Tintu, Master Luan and that Qian Yue also chased over, just now that the sudden gust of wind, also let a few people’s hearts trembled!
“On that broken gourd still want to trap me, simply foolhardy.”
“If it wasn’t for the wind origin within that gourd, I would have come out long ago.”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful smile!
When Master Luan heard Chen Ping’s words, then his face was a shade of red and a shade of white, he had just bragged that his gourd was very powerful, and now he was immediately slapped in the face!
“Master Luan, you quickly cast a formation, catch him ah!”
The youngest brother looked to Master Luan and said!
However, that Master Luan did not pay any attention to him, but looked at Chen Ping with a grave expression!
Chen Ping glanced at Xiong Ying, at this time Xiong Ying clothes have been broken, large large pieces of snow white skin exposed outside, skin delicate and smooth, as if soaked in milk!
In addition to Xiong Ying’s slightly red cheeks, let Chen Ping look at it is also a surge of blood!
No wonder that the youngest sister brother simply can not hold it!
And at this time, the youngest sister appeared to be in a bit of a mess, the corner of her mouth was still flowing with blood, and her face was even more pale and unimaginable.
“These are all his doing?”
Chen Ping asked at the youngest sister and Xiong Ying!
The two girls nodded aggressively, which made Chen Ping instantly burn with rage!
One must know that Missy had gone to great lengths to save her brother!
But in the end, it would be this kind of result!
“You deserve to die ……”
Chen Ping looked at the youngest sister’s brother and spat out three words through clenched teeth!
Just these three words, the youngest sister’s brother scared the body trembled, rushed to hide behind Qiu Tint and that Luan master!
Chen Ping walked step by step towards that youngest sister’s brother, that horrifying aura on his body, pressurizing that youngest sister’s brother to not be able to breathe at all!
“Get lost!”
Chen Ping said coldly to Qiu Tu and that Master Luan!