“Hmph, you are not worthy to use magic before my face.”
With that, Old Liu took out the token in his hand and then ruthlessly thrust it into the ground, mumbling something under his breath!
As the space began to fluctuate, Chen Ping could feel his forbidden formation being violently impacted!
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly attacked Old Liu, not allowing him to break through the forbidden formation!
Chen Ping was impressed by Old Liu’s skill in magic!
When Old Liu saw Chen Ping attacking, he had no choice but to give a violent push with both hands, and the token on the ground suddenly flew up and headed straight for Chen Ping!
Boom …………
Chen Ping smashed his fist into the token, instantly smashing it to pieces!
The next thing he knew, Chen Ping was in front of Old Liu’s face and stuck his hand around Old Liu’s neck.
“Don’t kill me, I can help you find the relic.”
Seeing this, Old Liu hurriedly begged Chen Ping for mercy.
The strength Chen Ping had displayed had already exceeded his imagination, whether in terms of strength or technique, he was no match for Chen Ping!
“Can you help me find the relic?”
Chen Ping looked at Old Liu and asked with some disbelief.
“Yes, as long as you don’t kill me, I can help you!”
Old Liu nodded his head.
“How can I trust you?” Chen Ping knew that Old Willow’s skills were really good, but after all, Old Willow was from the Burning Heaven Sect, so Chen Ping couldn’t trust him!
“You can put a taboo inside my body or make me swallow a poison pill, as long as you don’t kill me, I will really listen to you.”
Old Liu was desperately begging Chen Ping for mercy, no one was willing to die before the life and death noodles!
“Mr. Chen, you can’t trust the words of these evil cultivators of the Burning Heaven Cult. ……”
Liu Rui said loudly to Chen Ping.
She was afraid that if Chen Ping believed the words of this old Liu, he would end up being deceived!
“I am not an evil practitioner of the Burning Heaven Cult, I was only forced to join them, I was originally a warlock of this Kunlun Mountain, but they took over my territory and forced me to join them!
“Everything I said is true, there is no lie.
Old Liu begged Chen Ping with a pleading face!
Chen Ping looked at Old Liu and then nodded, “I can spare you, but you must take this Heart Devouring Pill, if you dare to lie to me, then you will be devoured by ten thousand ants and die ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market.
“Fine, fine, I’ll take it, I definitely didn’t lie to you ……”
The old Liu didn’t hesitate to swallow the Heart Devouring Pill!
Chen Ping, seeing this, also let go of Old Liu, and then with a wave of his hand, the spatial taboo was broken!
“All right, take us to the relics!”
Chen Ping said to Old Liu.
Old Willow nodded, and then led Chen Ping and the others on their way.
At this moment, outside the hall of the relics, Tong Youcai had originally planned to lead the group into the hall of the relics, but instead, they set off into a formation and were trapped in a poisonous miasma, killing several of the Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples!
Fortunately, Tong Youcai had also brought along some masters of magic, so they joined hands and started to clear the poisonous miasma and break the formation!
“What’s going on?” Tong Youcai frowned slightly and asked with a grim expression.
Although he knew that the ruins of the Water Fairy Palace must be full of dangers and the array mechanisms were everywhere, he had not thought that he would be trapped before he even entered the ruins.
If there was no way to break the initial formation, how could we go on?
“Second young master, we are already working on it, it will be ready soon ……”
A old man wiped a handful of sweat from his forehead and said to Tong Youcai.
“What a waste, it’s been over an hour and it still hasn’t broken open!”
Tong Youcai was very dissatisfied!
“Second Young Master, this formation is very strange, it is an ancient formation, we need a certain amount of time to break it.”
The old man said in an embarra*sed manner.