Chen Ping displayed a dull gaze, as if he was being controlled, and slowly said, “My name is Cheng Ping, I have admired the Purple Flame Sect for a long time, and I want to become a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, which is why I worshiped under Elder Yu, and want to become an inner disciple of the Purple Flame Sect.”
Chen Ping gave the Purple Flame Sect a big compliment, which made the elder very happy, then with a wave, he said, “Alright ……”
Soon, the mist in front of Chen Ping disappeared, and Qian Xiu and their figures reappeared in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping saw that the others were standing dumbfounded, as if they hadn’t finished their assessment yet!
“I have peeped at senior sister bathing, and even dreamt of following senior sister at night.”
“I have killed people outside and was chased after, that’s why I joined the Purple Flame Sect.”
“…………”
Chen Ping’s entire body looked shocked as he listened to the mechanical words of those Purple Flame Sect disciples around him!
Obviously, these people had all been controlled by their divine sense and had told all of their secrets!
Fortunately, Chen Ping had recognised it long ago, and this little illusion formation could not help him at all, or else Chen Ping would probably have told all sorts of secrets as well!
“I’m quite fond of the young master who just came, he’s too rich, I like rich people.”
At this time, Qian Xiu’s voice came!
When Chen Ping heard it, he was speechless for a while, this Qian Xiu had just met herself and was charmed by her multi-golden status.
If it wasn’t for being mesmerised, Chen Ping was afraid that he wouldn’t have been able to hear this Qian Xiu’s heartfelt voice!
Along with the end of the examination, people were constantly starting to come to their senses, while Chen Ping saw this and hurriedly pretended to still be under control!
He could not let it be known that he had heard all of these people’s secrets!
Only after everyone was awake did Chen Ping pretend to open his eyes!
“Junior Brother, are you alright?”
Qian Xiu saw that Chen Ping had woken up and asked!
“I don’t know all either, it seems like there is nothing wrong.”Chen Ping said!
“Don’t worry, as long as you are not a person with a wrong heart and a traitor, the first pass is usually very good.”
Qian Xiu said!
But just as Qian Xiu finished speaking, suddenly a ray of light struck a cultivator!
Immediately after, the cultivator screamed miserably, and the entire person instantly disappeared!
Chen Ping took a look and found that it was the very same guy who had peeped at his senior sister’s bath and even dreamed of sleeping with her at night!
Only this one person was eliminated!
“Why was he eliminated at the first level, what did this guy do?”
“Who knows, anyway, every day he’s sneaky and always goes to the bathing hall.”
“Couldn’t be peeping at the senior sister’s bath, right?”
The other cultivators joked!
When Qian Xiu heard this, she frowned and said, “Keep your mouths shut, don’t talk nonsense.”
Chen Ping, however, smiled and did not say anything!
Because he knew that this guy was eliminated for peeking at his senior sister’s bath.
Soon, once again, a light door appeared, and the crowd passing through the light door was the second test!
“Junior Sister, be more careful back there!”
Qian Xiu said to Chen Ping!
“I know, Senior Sister Qian!”Chen Ping nodded!
“Follow behind me, I’ll pull you, this level tests one’s ability to resist pressure, there will be this very terrifying pressure here, one must reach the end of the line before they collapse.”
“Remember the faster the better, so you can withstand a little less pressure!”
Qian Xiu said, directly pulling Chen Ping’s hand up.
Obviously, this was an attempt to follow Chen Ping in pulling in the distance between them!
“Senior sister, if the pressure is strong here, then the faster we go, then the more pressure we will be subjected to.”
“One’s own speed, coupled with that pressure will only make it more difficult.”
Chen Ping did not quite agree with Qian Xiu’s statement, so he countered!