Soon, Chen Ping’s body also began to burst into flames, becoming like a man of fire!
But soon, a faint mist instantly extinguished the flames on Chen Ping’s body, and immediately afterwards, the Ice Dragon Crystal inside Chen Ping’s body began to emit a large amount of cold Qi, following the flames on Chen Ping’s body and neutralising them!
The two dragon crystals circled together and finally collided, a terrifying force surrounding Chen Ping, forming a storm.
After an unknown amount of time, the two dragon crystals completely fused together, Chen Ping’s body felt like he was in a ten-thousand-foot ice cave at one moment, and at another moment it felt like he was in a mountain of flames.
Soon, the power that was tormenting Chen Ping’s body began to slowly converge and coalesce, finally sinking into his dantian!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes seemed to be burning with flames, and under the concentration, a sizzling light shot out, surprisingly blasting a deep crater into the ground!
“This …………”
Chen Ping was somewhat dumbfounded, he felt that the power within his body was much stronger than the usual spiritual power he cultivated.
Moreover, this power gave Chen Ping an inexplicable sense of familiarity, as if this power originally belonged to him.
Slowly suppressing this power, Chen Ping’s eyes returned as before!
Sensing the change in Chen Ping’s body, the Inferno Dragon suddenly let out a dragon roar, followed by its body rising into the air and plunging headlong into the sea!
As the Inferno Dragon left, the terrifying pressure instantly disappeared, Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan stood up their bodies, while Chen Ping also slowly stood up.
Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan had all seen the scene just now in their eyes.
They couldn’t understand why the Inferno Dragon, which clearly wanted to swallow Chen Ping in one gulp, stopped at the critical moment and gave Chen Ping his own Dragon Crystal!
Although they couldn’t figure it out, they knew that at this moment, Chen Ping must have possessed the power of a divine dragon!
“Gu Kaiyuan, kill him quickly and take out the dragon crystal ……”
Ning Zhi said loudly to Gu Kaiyuan.
A hint of viciousness flashed across Gu Kaiyuan’s face as he clenched his fist and smashed it towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was now bound and helpless, so Gu Kaiyuan was unsuspecting!
But at that moment, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body burst forth, and the net of heaven and earth that bound Chen Ping was suddenly all broken apart, becoming scattered in pieces!
“Just in time to take it for practice ……”
Chen Ping looked at Gu Kaiyuan with cold eyes, and immediately afterwards his fist wrapped in golden light swung out as well!
Boom!
The two smashed their fists together, followed by an explosion of golden light, and Gu Kaiyuan’s body flew backwards like a kite with a broken string.
But Chen Ping didn’t stop, his body leapt up and his golden fist, with a devastating force, blasted towards Gu Kaiyuan again!
Gu Kaiyuan’s face was shocked and he hurriedly chanted a spell, only to see a golden light protecting Gu Kaiyuan’s chest!
Clang!
Chen Ping’s fist smashed out, but it smashed directly onto steel!
When he looked, he saw that the compa*s in Gu Kaiyuan’s hand was emitting light and protecting his chest!
Just now, Chen Ping had smashed his fist into this compa*s.
Although this punch did not break this compa*s, it was nevertheless obvious to see that cracks had already appeared on the compa*s!
“My Heaven Opening Compa*s ……”
Looking at the cracked compa*s, Gu Kaiyuan was so distraught that he almost didn’t cry out.
As Ning Zhi watched the scene, his brow furrowed and the corners of his eyes continued to twitch as he said, “Stop f*cking howling, this kid now has the power of a divine dragon, we have to join forces to kill him!”
Ning Zhi knew that relying on his own strength alone, he was afraid that he was no match for this Chen Ping.
“The power of the divine dragon?” Chen Ping faintly froze when he heard this word!