“Mr. Chen, now that all the great clans in the secret realm have sent people to Penglai Island, our Ge family can’t always be an exception.”
“The clan elder said that we should do our best to help Mr. Chen, as long as the aura revives and we take control of Penglai Island, then our Ge family will have the upper hand.”
Ge Fuhai said as he followed Chen Ping without any disguise.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he knew that Ge Cang Sheng knew that Penglai Island was going to have a revival of spiritual energy and was also thinking of occupying it.
It was every clan that had such thoughts, so a bloody battle was sure to occur!
All Chen Ping had to do was to stop this bloody battle!
“Master Ge, I’m not going to lie to you, but I’m not here to occupy Penglai Island this time, but to find a way to stop the aura recovery from happening.”
Chen Ping said bluntly after Ge Fuhai.
When Ge Fuhai heard this, he looked surprised, but he knew that Chen Ping’s words were orders, and all he could do was to obey.
“Our Ge family is at the disposal of Mr. Chen.”
Ge Fuhai did not ask why, and said directly and firmly.
Time flew by!
Chen Ping and the others had soon arrived on Penglai Island for more than ten days!
In these ten days, Penglai Island was surprisingly quiet, except for the beginning when there were still people boarding the island one after another, but in the end, very few people were boarding the island!
Inside a hotel, Ning Zhi stood outside the window, looking at the entire Penglai Island, and slowly spoke, “Senior, it’s about time, isn’t it?”
“En, it’s about time, inform down and activate the great mountain protection formation.”
The spirit within Ning Zhi said!
Ning Zhi nodded and quickly called for two black and gold robes to head to that hill in the middle of Penglai Island!
In no time at all, the entire Penglai Island began to tremble slightly, as if it were an earthquake!
And the hill in the middle of Penglai Island actually began to shine with a burst of light!
This sudden movement instantly attracted everyone’s attention!
Chen Ping stood at the highest point of the palace, looking at the glowing hill in the middle and frowning!
“Mr. Chen, as soon as we arrived, we heard that there were relics there, only no one had discovered them, is it time for the aura to recover and the relics to be revealed?”
Jiang Wei asked with some excitement as he looked at the distant glowing hills.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, because he didn’t know if the relics were about to be revealed, but the sudden glow of the hill in front of him was by no means a vision, but a large formation activation.
Even from this distance, Chen Ping could feel the terrifying aura emanating from the activation of the formation!
Many people, began to swarm towards the central hill, each afraid that they would be left behind!
“Brother Chen, there is a relic revealed on Penglai Island, and all say that there is a divine altar inside this relic, and that it is because of this divine altar that the aura has revived.”
“And there are also people who say that whoever can be the first to ascend the divine altar can invoke heavenly phenomena and live forever.”
Long Xingxu found Chen Ping with a panting breath and said hurriedly.
It looked like he hadn’t been asking around about things outside!
At first, Chen Ping had some similarities with what Long Xingxu had said, because the revival of spiritual energy would never choose this place, Penglai Island, for no reason, and the Blood Demon, who was the overlord of his generation, would not have trapped his physical body on Penglai Island to wait for resurrection!
This Penglai Island must still have secrets that they did not know, except that the immortality that was mentioned after this was obviously nonsense.
“Mr. Chen, why don’t we go and take a look too?”
Although Chen Ping didn’t believe it, Jiang Wei at the side was very excited, of course he had to go and take a look at this kind of thing!
Whether it was true or not, one had to see it to know!
“Let’s go!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
When Chen Ping arrived with his men, he found that the hill was already surrounded by people, and not far away an ancient stone door was revealed!
So people were looking at that stone door with golden eyes, as if there would be endless riches behind it!