“Don’t make a move, don’t make a move …………”
Seeing this, Sheng Bushi hurriedly stood in the middle and blocked the way, then looked at Hai Dafu and said, “Patriarch Hai, if you have something to say, why are you targeting Mr Chen as soon as you arrive?”
“Mr Chen doesn’t seem to know you guys at all, right?”
“Bullsh*t, how is it possible that we don’t know each other, he killed our Human Jie Five Sons, and now he dares to come to our Five Great Clans, is this bullying me that there is no one in the Five Great Clans?”
Hai Da Fu said viciously!
“Killed the five sons of Renjie?”
Sheng Bushi froze!
“You’re talking nonsense, who killed the Five Sons of Human Jie?”
Bai Shao was furious: “If you guys are looking for something to do, you should just say it and look for something that’s not true.”
“Fox imperial daughter, you also don’t yell, the person who killed our Human Jie Five Sons also has you ……”
Hai Da Fu said with one finger at Bai Shallow!
“You put the dog’s arse , what evidence do you have?”
Bai Shallow was anxious!
“Patriarch Luo, what’s going on here?I’ve been following Mr Chen the whole time and didn’t see him kill your Human Jie Five.”
“And with Mr Chen’s current strength, I’m afraid that he wouldn’t be able to kill the Human Jie Five, right?”
Sheng Bushi asked as he looked towards Patriarch Luo!
“He can’t kill them, but with the addition of a few of the three emperors and four kings of the Beast Race, that’s not necessarily the case.”
Patriarch Luo’s face was also gloomy at this moment!
“Why?Why did Chen kill the Fifth Son of Jie?Patriarch Luo can’t just slander people like this without any evidence, right?”
Sheng Bushi simply did not believe that Chen Ping would kill the Human Jie Five!
“Want evidence?”
Patriarch Luo snorted coldly and threw out the storage bag of the Five Sons of Human Jie, “See, this is the storage bag of the Five Sons of Human Jie, it fell out of that Chen Ping’s body, we saw it with our own eyes, can it still be false?”
“Fell off Chen’s body?And you guys saw it with your own eyes?”
Sheng Bushi looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity!
After all, this was seen with his own eyes, and he did not know what to say!
Chen Ping looked at the storage bag and frowned slightly, then he seemed to think of something and asked Patriarch Luo, “Who told you guys that I killed the Five Sons of Renjie?Was it that Qi Peijia?”
“Not bad, it was him who said it.”Patriarch Luo nodded!
“You guys fell for it, it was that Qi Peijia who truly killed the Five Sons of Renjie, and it was me who saw it with my own eyes.”
Chen Ping saw Qi Peijia fight after the five sons of the Human Jie with his own eyes, and in the end, he killed all of them!
“Kid, do you think we are stupid?You believe in empty words here, and we saw with our own eyes that the storage bag of the Five Sons of Human Jie fell from you.”
Hai Da Fu said.
“Saw it with your own eyes?Is seeing it with your own eyes true?”
Chen Ping said as his body’s aura slowly began to change, and soon his appearance followed suit!
In the blink of an eye, Chen Ping unexpectedly became exactly like Hai Dafu in front of him!
Only in terms of breath, there was still a difference from Hai Da Fu!
However, if one looked at the appearance alone, there was no difference in following Hai Da Fu!
“This …… this ……”
Hai Dafu looked at the self that Chen Ping had transformed into and was filled with shock!
Even the others looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
Although many people knew about Transfiguration, and Illusion, that Transfiguration was the change that was made by relying on various props!
Illusionism was even controlling a person’s brain and then seeing a person as another person!
But Chen Ping was actually changing his appearance!
Although the breath did not change much, just this appearance change was enough to shock everyone!
“If I were to do something now, would what you all see become the work of another person?”
Chen Ping questioned at Patriarch Luo!
Patriarch Luo was silent, indeed if Chen Ping did something now, if he looked at it from afar, it would be the work of Hai Da Fu!