“This vortex is only ten feet high, we can just fly over it in one leap ……”
Gao Qisheng’s feet exerted force and his whole body leapt up!
“Don’t barge in ……”
Chen Ping wanted to stop it, but it was already too late!
Only to see Gao Qisheng’s body leap up and start flying through the air above this vortex!
But just as Gao Qisheng reached the top of the vortex, there was suddenly a huge suction, and Gao Qisheng didn’t even have time to react, only to disappear into the vortex!
“Second Young Master …………”
When those Gao family members saw this, they all shouted in panic!
“Holy sh*t, what the hell is this vortex, it can even eat people, so high it can suck in ah?”
Ji Yun was a little scared at the sight!
The others were also surprised, they didn’t expect this vortex to be so powerful!
Chen Ping approached the vortex, observed it carefully, and then walked a little towards the vortex!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing this, Ji Yun hurriedly shouted out!
“Don’t worry, it’s fine, this vortex is just a small teleportation formation, it won’t hurt ……”
Chen Ping took a step and walked in!
After entering the vortex, Chen Ping suddenly saw a flash of white light before his eyes, and the next thing he knew, his entire body appeared in a huge palace!
Chen Ping looked at the palace in front of him and felt very familiar, because he had seen it in the illusionary realm!
True enough this palace was much bigger and more opulent than the one he saw in the illusion realm!
“Mr. Chen …………”
When Gao Qisheng saw Chen Ping, he hurriedly walked over!
When he had just been sucked in, his whole body was blinded, but now that he saw Chen Ping, his heart was a lot more solid!
Soon, Ji Yun and the others were also transported to this place one after another!
Chen Ping pushed the door and walked in. At this moment, in the middle of the entire hall, a black mass of cultivators were sitting on their knees, as if they were waiting for something!
Seeing Chen Ping and the others enter, dozens of gazes all greeted them!
“People from the Demon Sealing Alliance ……”
Gao Qisheng saw at a glance that there were five people in front of him, also sitting honestly on their knees, these five people were the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance.
“Here, come here ……”
At this moment, someone greeted after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked and found that this person was Yuan Bao, who had been saved by one of his own!
Seeing that he had met an acquaintance, Chen Ping walked over, he wanted to follow Yuan Bao and inquire what was going on!
These people had come to find the treasure, and now they were all honestly meditating.
If they were meditating, they wouldn’t be here yet!
“It’s really fate that we met again!”
Yuan Bao said with a smile!
“It’s really fated enough, I wonder what you guys are doing here? Aren’t you here to find the treasure?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“You sit down first, tell those who came with you to find a place to sit down too, don’t move around freely anymore, if you don’t sit down after three minutes, you will be punished and won’t be eligible for the treasure at all.”
Yuan Bao whispered to Chen Ping!
“What do you mean?” Chen Ping was even more confused this time!
Could it be that there was still someone controlling the search for the treasure?
Just when Chen Ping was confused, an old voice suddenly appeared, “The newcomers should immediately find a place to sit, otherwise they will be driven out of here and will not be qualified to get the treasure ……”
When Chen Ping heard the old voice, he was frozen, because it was too familiar.
Whether it was in the thatched hut or in the illusionary realm, the old man that Chen Ping had seen, it was this voice!
Chen Ping was a little puzzled, was this old man an old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan or not?
“You all find a place to sit down, don’t move around freely ……”
Chen Ping said to Gao Qisheng and Ji Yun even though he didn’t know what was going on and didn’t know the old man’s true identity!
These people all listened to Chen Ping and then found a place to sit down!