Sheng Jiahui listened to the crowd’s discussion, her face was gloomy and cold, she suddenly said loudly “Shut up, today I brought people here to talk to second uncle about where our Sheng family should go from here.”
Hearing Sheng Jiahui’s angry shout, the others all shut their mouths.
“Jiahui, what do you want to talk about, in front of all the people in the Sheng family, feel free to talk ……”
Sheng Tian Tai said with a calm face!
“Okay, I want to ask Second Uncle, why did you lock up both my father and my brother? Why did you kill the Grand Elder?”
“Are you trying to get our Sheng Family to join the Demon Sealing Alliance? Are you trying to seek the position of Sheng Family Head?”
Sheng Jiahui asked several questions in a row, each one very sharp!
When the Sheng Family members heard Sheng Jiahui’s words, they all froze!
“What? The head of the family has been arrested? Isn’t he in seclusion?”
“What’s going on here?”
“Could it be that the second master is plotting a rebellion?”
The Sheng Family crowd whispered!
Listening to Sheng Jiahui’s questioning, Sheng Tiantai then smiled faintly “Jiahui, I can tell you right now, I locked up your father and brother solely for the sake of the Sheng family’s development!”
“Our Sheng family relies on art talismans to gain a foothold, yet our overall strength isn’t very strong, not to mention in the Celestial Realm, even in the entire Southern Domain, what does our Sheng family count for?”
“If we want the Sheng Family to develop and grow, we must seek co-operation, what’s wrong with following the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
“I think a large portion of our Sheng Family would want to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance for co-operation.”
Sheng Jiahui froze, she didn’t expect that Sheng Tiantai would even stop pretending and directly admit it!
This was a bit beyond her expectations!
“Even if you want to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance to co-operate, it’s only after a resolution from all of us in the Sheng family, not a reason for you to forcefully lock up my father and brother and kill the Grand Elder.”
“You release my father and brother now, and if the majority of the Sheng family wants to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, we will never stop them.”
Sheng Jiahui was now asking Sheng Tiantai to release his father and brother first!
As for the matter of joining the Demon Sealing Alliance, when his own father was released, he would naturally have a way to deal with it!
“Hahaha, the little calculations in your heart, you’re playing them so well that I can hear them from here!”
Sheng Tian Tai suddenly laughed out loud, then looked at the Sheng family crowd and asked “I’m going to bring the Sheng family to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, are you all willing to support it?”
The Sheng Family crowd looked at each other in dismay, no one dared to speak!
Now the situation is not clear at all, these Sheng family members don’t know whether they should support it or not!
However, at this time, a somewhat hunchbacked, dry and thin old man walked in from outside!
“I don’t agree with joining the Demon Sealing Alliance, as the second master of the Sheng family, you should have supported the family head’s resolution, I didn’t expect you to secretly imprison the family head and privately want to join the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“This is the Sheng family of all of us, not your Sheng Tian Tai alone ……”
The old man’s voice was loud and clear, and there was anger in his eyes!
The old man was the grand butler of the Sheng Family, and although he wasn’t considered a Sheng Family member, he had served the Sheng Family for several terms as the family head!
“Uncle Long ……”
Seeing the old man, Sheng Jiahui was instantly delighted and her eyes followed suit!
“Miss, don’t worry about it, I still don’t know that such a big thing has happened to the Sheng family, as long as my old man is still alive, he won’t let the Sheng family follow the Demon Sealing Alliance to co-operate, it’s a rule set by the family head, no one can break it!”
Long Bo comforted Sheng Jiahui!
As for Sheng Tian Tai, who saw the old man enter, his face finally stopped being calm and became a bit ugly!
“I also don’t agree to co-operate with the Demon Sealing Alliance, it’s better to release the family head first.”
“Right, release the family head and discuss other things later!”
“Release the family head!”
After seeing that Long Bo, the Sheng Family’s crowd began to support Sheng Jiahui one way or the other!
It could be seen that this Long Bo had a high status in the Sheng family!