Ono Jiro saw Kawaguchi returning and asked, “Lord Kawaguchi, where is this woman to be held?”
“D*mn it, this woman is very strong, put her in a Grade A cell!”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said.
Ono Jiro nodded, then sent his men to escort Ge Yuhan down!
And Kawaguchi Kazuo took off his shirt, and a shocking wound appeared on his shoulder!
Looking at the wound on his body, Kawaguchi Kazuo had a ruthless look in his eyes.
After simply treating the wound, Kawaguchi Kazuo walked towards the cell, then waved his hand towards Ono Jiro and said, “You all go out, I have something to say to the little girl!”
Kazuo Kawaguchi walked up to the cell, which was wrapped in a formation that could suppress the strength of those locked inside!
But when faced with Kawaguchi Kazuo, Ge Yuhan didn’t have a trace of panic!
“Who are you? Why do you know the secret sorcery of thousands of years ago? Are you reborn by borrowing a body, or are you possessed by a spirit?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo asked at Ge Yuhan.
Ge Yuhan revealed a hint of disdain, “I will not tell you what my identity is, you can investigate yourself if you have the ability!”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes faintly stared, and a divine sense instantly enveloped Ge Yuhan’s body!
But just as this divine sense entered Ge Yuhan’s body, it was directly cut off by a force within Ge Yuhan’s body, instantly!
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s heart was shocked and his body retreated rapidly: “You …… your strength is not suppressed?”
The corner of Ge Yu Han’s mouth lifted: “Just your petty skills are nothing more than ants in my eyes ……”
The one inside Ge Yuhan is the soul of the Saintess of Guang Han Palace thousands of years ago, a Kawaguchi Kazuo still wants to enter Ge Yuhan’s body with his divine sense, it’s a joke!
If it wasn’t for the suppression of the power of heaven and earth, that Holy Maiden could only exert half of her strength, how could she be caught by this Kawaguchi Kazuo!
But Ge Yuhan wasn’t afraid, even if Kawaguchi Kazuo caught her, it wouldn’t be that easy to kill her!
Kawaguchi Kazuo stared at Ge Yuhan with a deadly stare, and finally turned around helplessly and walked out!
“Keep an eye on her, don’t let her get away, besides no one is allowed to touch her or you will have bitter consequences.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo barked at Ono Jiro.
He intended to go back and ask the soul search master to come over. From the contact he had just made, Kawaguchi knew that there must be a very powerful soul living inside Ge Yuhan.
And it was likely that this spirit had existed for thousands of years. There was no way for him to subdue such a powerful spirit, so he could only go back and ask for help!
Soon, Kawaguchi Kazuo left Daxia with his men and returned to the island!
…………
Ge Yuhan’s disappearance made Gu Ling’er and Ji Ruxue and the girls anxious.
It had been many days, but Ge Yuhan was still nowhere to be found!
After learning of Ge Yuhan’s disappearance, the entire Dragon Sect was searching for her, including the Ge family, who were also doing their best!
But no one knew who Ge Yuhan really was, and there was no way to find her!
Ge Fuhai knew, but he couldn’t say anything, and he didn’t dare to report it to the clan elders!
It seemed that this matter could only be handled by Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping was rapidly absorbing the spiritual energy from the stone statue!
Chen Ping didn’t know why, but the power of resistance in the stone statue had completely disappeared, and now the stone statue had become a resource for Chen Ping and the Dragon Sect disciples!
In just ten days, Chen Ping’s strength stepped directly into the realm of the Third Grade Great Martial Marquis, but no matter how much Chen Ping cultivated afterwards, he could not feel any increase in strength!
“It looks like the spiritual energy within this stone statue is not enough to support cultivation either ……”
Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes.
When he saw the stone statue in front of him, his entire body was somewhat stunned, only to see that the stone statue was covered with dense cracks, as if it was about to collapse at any moment.