Gu Ling’er bit her lips, her eyes filled with hot tears as she looked at Chen Ping, and finally put her heart on the line to, “I won’t leave either, if Chen Ping dies, I won’t live either, now I can’t live without him anymore ……”
At this last moment, Gu Ling’er spoke her inner thoughts.
In fact, in her heart, Chen Ping had long occupied an important position, only that due to Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er never dared to follow Chen Ping and show her heart.
Gu Ling’er’s face was blushing because she had spoken her heart!
Chen Ping was a little surprised, but Su Yuqi looked calm, smiled faintly at Gu Ling’er, took her hand and said: “Ling’er, in fact I have long seen your heart for Chen Ping, we are good sisters, it is just right to accompany him together to the Yellow Spring, there is also a companion on the way …… ”
“Mm!” Gu Ling’er nodded, actually could not see a trace of panic and fear.
Death, at this moment, for the two of them, there was not the slightest fear, as long as they could go to death with Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi, he knew that no matter what he said, the two of them would not escape on their own.
“I will fight with all my might to keep us all alive …………”
Chen Ping’s eyes began to fill with fighting spirit!
He could not watch Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er accompany him to their deaths, he would never give up until the last moment ……
“Chen Ping, let go and fight, if you do get killed, Ling’er and I will also kill ourselves and will never let them insult us ……”
Su Yuqi knew what Chen Ping was worried about, and said.
Chen Ping nodded heavily, and with a stretch of his hand, the Dragon Chopping Sword appeared, taking the first step forward as a terrifying aura shook out in all directions.
“I didn’t expect you kid to have good luck, to have two beautiful women willing to die for you, since that’s the case, then I’ll make you whole ……”
Qin Xiaoxian’s body shook as his aura emanated from his body, but at the same time, blood flowed from the corner of Qin Xiaoxian’s mouth again!
Qin Xiaoxian frowned slightly, he had just been injured by two Martial Sects from the Xuanyuan Family and the Thunderbolt Sect joining forces, and now with a stroke of luck, Qin Xiaoxian’s internal organs were still tumbling.
Qin Xiaoxian glanced at Cheng Kun and Xuanyuan Kai, he was asking the two families to follow him and strike at Chen Ping.
“Go with him ……”
Cheng Kun did not hesitate to order his men.
Xuanyuan Kai also nodded to the strong Martial Sects he had brought with him and gave a wink.
Seeing that the two families had agreed to fight together, Qin Xiaoxian had no worries, only to see Qin Xiaoxian’s fist heading towards Chen Ping, and above Qin Xiaoxian’s fist, a layer of Qi waves visible to the naked eye was like ripples.
He did not want to delay any longer. Now that he was wounded, it was better to finish Chen Ping early, so that he would not have long dreams.
When Chen Ping saw Qin Xiaoxian’s punch coming, his body suddenly burst into a burst of golden aura, like a piece of armour being put on Chen Ping’s body.
“What is this?”
Qin Xiaoxian frowned slightly, but the speed in his hand remained unabated as he ruthlessly smashed into Chen Ping’s body.
“Boom ……”
A fist blasted out, Qin Xiaoxian viciously smashed on Chen Ping, who should have been sent flying with a punch, but was now standing intact, on the contrary, that Qin Xiaoxian felt a huge recoil hit him, his body took a few steps back violently, and his arm was shaken to the point of numbness!
Chen Ping did not attack Qin Xiaoxian, but held the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand and slashed at the attacking Perak Sect Martial Sect’s strongest man with a terrifying sword Qi that instantly rose several feet, slashing across the sky as if to split the entire sky!
After such a sword qi, the Perak Sect Martial Sect strongman’s face changed and his body quickly retreated, not even following Chen Ping in the fight, he retreated back!
Just now, Qin Xiaoxian’s punch had not caused the slightest damage to Chen Ping, which made that Thunderbolt Sect Martial Sect strongman somewhat uncertain of Chen Ping’s strength, so he retreated straight back in the face of Chen Ping’s terrifying sword!