Seeing this, Chen Ping followed closely behind, then said loudly to Ji Yun, “You guys go first, and then I will come to you ……”
Chen Ping let Ji Yun and the others go first, after all, Ji Yun and the three of them were not very strong, if he left and encountered danger, the three of them would not be able to cope at all!
Ji Yun nodded, and then set up the airship to quickly head towards the East Domain Continent!
This gave that Liu Bo and Zhu Qing Yue a fright, rushing to say, “Quickly stop ah, call the people back, never go to that island, it’s very dangerous.”
“If we don’t have a blimp, even if we don’t meet any bad guys, it’s still hard to reach the mainland if we want to fly on our own.”
Both of them told Ji Yun to stop and call Chen Ping back, but Ji Yun didn’t listen and instead drove the blimp away!
Ji Yun believed in Chen Ping, if they really encountered any danger, Chen Ping would definitely be able to handle it, if they stayed, not only would they not be able to help, but they would also become a burden, Ji Yun had been with Chen Ping for such a long time, he still had this self-awareness!
Liu Bo and Zhu Qing Yue didn’t understand, Ji Yun was obviously following Chen Ping, how could he watch Chen Ping go to his death and do nothing about it?
The airship gradually drifted away, while Chen Ping chased that Fire Qilin and landed on a deserted island!
There were even buildings on the deserted island, but at this time, the buildings had long been reduced to rubble, proving that someone had lived here!
Moreover, there were large and small pits in the island, which were obviously traces of battles!
Chen Ping knew that there must have been people living on this deserted island, and then there had been battles, and now it should be a deserted island!
However, he did not understand why this Fire Qilin suddenly became so agitated and came to this deserted island?
Chen Ping watched as that Fire Qilin landed on the deserted island, and then quickly grubbed his claws, a black hole leading straight to the underground of the deserted island!
“You a divine beast Qilin, how come you have become a rat stealing holes now?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping felt very strange!
However, he still followed closely, following the black hole that the Fire Qilin had pickpocketed, slowly heading towards the underground of the deserted island!
Soon, Chen Ping noticed some purple colours appearing around the walls of the cave, and under close observation, he realised that these were actually alabaster stones, which were also considered a type of spirit stone, and the quality was not low yet!
“Could it be that this Fire Qilin knows that there are amethyst stones underneath the barren island, that’s why it’s so excited?”
Chen Ping picked up a piece of amethyst stone and held it in his hand, looking at the Fire Qilin in disbelief!
However, the Fire Qilin seemed to have no interest in the alabaster stone and was desperately still heading towards the depths!
“In the depths of the deserted island, is there a spirit ore of even higher quality?”
Looking at the Fire Qilin that was still digging deeper and deeper into the ground, Chen Ping was puzzled!
However, he still followed, at the same time, the Concentrated Heart Skill turned far and wide, generating a huge suction force that drew all the breath of the surrounding alabaster into his body!
Not knowing how long he had followed the Fire Qilin as it dug in, Chen Ping only felt that the air around him was getting hotter and hotter, followed by a fiery red in front of his eyes!
Chen Ping thought that the Fire Qilin had dug into the heart of the earth’s magma, but when he looked over, he realised that it was actually some fiery red stones, and there seemed to be flames dancing on the surface of the stones!
The Fire Qilin opened its mouth wide and kept devouring those fiery red stones in front of it!
It looked like it was eating very well, and from time to time, it called out towards Chen Ping, seemingly showing off after him!
“Under this deserted island there is even this kind of spirit stone, and this spirit stone within all the flame breath ah ……”
Chen Ping was very surprised!
“These stones should have been scorched by the heart of the earth’s fire for years and years, and they are just right for supplementing the flame breath on that Fire Qilin.”
“The Fire Qilin is not like the Heaven Swallowing Beast, it’s very picky about its food and doesn’t eat everything.”
“It’s probably because it sensed this kind of fire stone underneath this barren island, that’s why it became restless.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said to Chen Ping!