Chen Ping fell silent as he listened to his mother’s words, wondering if he should hate the father he had never met!
He didn’t understand why his own father had abandoned them, mother and son, and even more so, what kind of man his father really was!
Chen Ping now wanted to tell his mother about the Heavenly Dragon Temple, but he was afraid she would worry!
“Mom, it’s getting late, you should rest early.”
Chen Ping got up with the intention of leaving.
“Chen Ping, don’t forget about giving mum a big grandson, since you have so many girlfriends now, you can’t let mum not see her grandson, right?”
Long Ruotong reminded Chen Ping once again.
“Got it ……” Chen Ping nodded his head!
Now that Chen Ping had rescued his mother, there was no need to be deliberately adamant!
He had already followed Han Qing’er and Fire Phoenix to have a husband and wife relationship, but when he thought of Su Yuqi, Chen Ping always felt a little sorry for her!
After all, Su Yuqi was Chen Ping’s real girlfriend, but Chen Ping hadn’t been able to give Su Yuqi his first time!
Thinking of Su Yuqi, Chen Ping planned to go to the secret realm of the Daoist Sect and see Su Yuqi and Wu Mei’er and the girls.
The next day, just after dawn, Chen Ping planned to go to the secret realm of the Daoist Sect!
But he was stopped by Ji Ru Xue!
She had long guessed that Chen Ping would definitely go to see Su Yuqi after he returned to Kyoto.
“Chen Ping, you can’t go, it’s different now, this time we’ve seen the strength of that great power, what if you go to that secret realm to see Yu Qi and get detained in the secret realm?”
“With your current strength, would you be able to escape from that great power’s hands? I think what you need to do now is to improve your strength and find a way to deal with the forces on the outskirts of the Demon Heart Sect first!”
Ji Ru Xue gave Chen Ping an analysis!
Ji Ru Xue was no less than a person who had been a leader, she analyzed the current situation in a logical manner, in addition to Ji Ru Xue’s heavenly-like appearance, Chen Ping looked at Ji Ru Xue with eyes full of pity and love!
“Alright, I’ll listen to you, then I’ll start with the eight secret realms and get rid of all the purple-robed emissaries of the Demon Heart Sect.”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said.
“I think you should go and see Mr. Shi, maybe Mr. Shi can give you any help!”
Ji Ru Xue said.
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded again!
Chen Ping followed Ji Ru Xue’s advice and did not go to the secret realm of the Dao Sect, after all, there was no way for him to get Su Yuqi and the girls out now!
It looked like to save Su Yuqi and the girls, Chen Ping would have to destroy the Great Aura Recovery Formation to do so!
Chen Ping was not strong enough to directly follow the great powers of the Demon Heart Sect in a hard fight!
When Chen Ping arrived at the Protector’s Pavilion, Xing Jun was already waiting at the entrance!
“Chen Ping, Mr. Shi has indeed guessed well that you will definitely come to him after you return to Kyoto.”
Xing Jun said with a smile.
“Mr. Shi knows I’m back?” Chen Ping was a little surprised!
“Of course, what could be hidden from Mr. Shi about what happened in Kyoto, come in with me.”
Xing Jun took Chen Ping into Mr. Shi’s office!
When Chen Ping entered the office, he found that something was not quite right with Mr. Shi’s face, and that something seemed to be missing from Mr. Shi’s aura!
“Mr Shi, are you sick?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Mr Shi’s appearance.
Mr. Shi shook his head, then waved his hand and let Xing Jun go out.
“Sit down ……” Mr. Shi motioned for Chen Ping to sit across from him!
“You’ve gained a lot this time, haven’t you?” Mr Shi asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded “The harvest is not small, my strength has increased a lot and I have also obtained some divine weapons.”
Mr. Shi said with a smile “These divine weapons, in your hands, are only one tenth of their ability, you still need to work hard ……”
Chen Ping was stunned and puzzled, “Mr. Shi, do you know what I have got?”