When the smoke and dust slowly dispersed, there was still Chen Ping’s figure there ah!
“Hmph, in front of me and still want to escape, daydreaming ……”
Qi Peijia snorted coldly and did not seem to be in a hurry, instead, he quickly chased in a direction!
Soon, Qi Peijia saw Chen Ping’s figure!
As for Chen Ping, when he sensed Qi Peijia who was chasing after him, his brows could not help but wrinkle as he realised that this fellow seemed to know the direction in which he was escaping and directly chased after him!
“A mere first rank of the Transition Realm, still wanting to escape from me, I think you’d better obediently suffer death.”
Qi Peijia’s body flashed, his speed was as fast as lightning!
In the blink of an eye, Qi Peijia was about to catch up with Chen Ping, Chen Ping performed his Blistering Wind Steps, but he still couldn’t pull away from following Qi Peijia!
“Damn, why is this guy so perverted?”
Chen Ping’s pupils shrank and he could not help but curse!
Looking at Chen Ping in front of him, Qi Peijia then reached out and grabbed, and instantly, several black mists condensed into iron chains that twined towards Chen Ping!
Each iron chain was like a poisonous snake spitting out a letter!
These chains surrounded Chen Ping from all sides, which made Chen Ping very passive!
As Chen Ping was about to be bound by these chains, a white light suddenly flashed!
Brush ……
Chen Ping only felt a blackness before his eyes, followed by a brightening, and then he saw that he was already several miles away!
It was as if Chen Ping had used spatial means to jump directly into space!
To be miles away in the blink of an eye, this kind of instantaneous movement, Chen Ping had not mastered it, much less performed it!
But now he had truly appeared several miles away!
“What is this …… situation?”
Chen Ping was dumbfounded, he really couldn’t figure out how he had suddenly appeared here.
Chen Ping was dumbfounded, that Qi Peijia was even more dumbfounded, and then his expression became excited “This guy, he even knows spatial arts and is able to jump space ……”
Qi Peijia thought that Chen Ping was performing a spatial art, able to jump space, and that was why he appeared miles away in the blink of an eye, leaving people defenseless!
Qi Peijia leaped, and then landed not far from Chen Ping, coldly looking at Chen Ping “Kid, I didn’t expect you to be in a small realm, but you will have so many arts, it seems that I will have to absorb these arts of yours and use them for me ……”
After saying that, Qi Peijia once again struck out towards Chen Ping, while Chen Ping turned around and ran, there was no way he could follow Qi Peijia in a hard fight!
Chen Ping thought carefully while running, what was the matter with the arrival just now?
Suddenly, Chen Ping seemed to have thought of something and hurriedly sunk his divine sense into the storage ring!
When he saw the jade carved clock of the storage ring, he really found that the hands of that clock had moved and was no longer in its original position!
“Could it be that it was not a spatial technique just now, but a time technique?”
Chen Ping was shocked in his heart!
However, Chen Ping was very surprised, no matter what he did, this clock had not moved, how come no one cared, it moved on its own?
Just when Chen Ping felt very puzzled, suddenly a burst of danger came behind him, Qi Peijia repeated the same trick, several chains came towards Chen Ping, and it looked like they were going to wrap Chen Ping up!
Chen Ping tried his best to use his Wind Blast Steps, but there was no way to escape, the difference in strength between the two was a bit big!
Just when Chen Ping was panicking, he suddenly found that the lines on the spirit beast egg suddenly flashed, along with the spirit beast egg flashing, the clock also flashed with white light, and the hands gently moved!
Chen Ping was directly frozen, he really did not expect that what made the clock move was the spirit beast egg?
Chen Ping felt the danger behind him disappear, and when he turned his head to look, he found that Qi Peijia had already been thrown away by himself for several miles!