After hearing this, Lan Yingying glanced at Chen Ping and put her clothes on slowly!
“Do you have to strip naked to cure a disease and save a person?” Lan Yingying muttered!
Chen Ping did not explain, but said indifferently “Let’s go ……”
Binglu, on the other hand, followed Blue Yingying and explained “Sister Yingying, your body was too hot just now, so you could only take off your clothes to cool down, or else your body would have been burnt.”
“I can assure you that Mr Chen didn’t do anything to you, he simply helped you heal your injuries, so many of us are watching!”
Blue Yingying listened to Binglu’s words and probably felt that she had just gone a little too far, so she whispered to Chen Ping “Thank you ……”
Chen Ping, however, did not pay any attention to her, but walked straight forward!
The group of people followed Chen Ping towards the depths of the polar region!
Several groups of people had passed in front of them, so Chen Ping and the others had to speed up to find usable resources in the polar region.
Chen Ping was walking very fast, Bing Lu and the girls could only alternately assist Lan Yingying to keep up quickly!
On this journey, Chen Ping’s divine sense was always in a taut state, as long as there was any danger in the vicinity, Chen Ping would be able to be the first to know!
Until the sky darkened, Chen Ping and his team had not encountered any danger, much less anyone!
Looking at Lan Yingying’s body which was a bit unbearable, Chen Ping then spoke “Rest here tonight!”
Bing Lu nodded and immediately arranged for the Holy Maiden to go stand guard around!
On the other hand, Lan Yingying sat down on the ground, gasping for air!
“This Polar Region doesn’t look like a place where any Immortals have fallen ah, I don’t feel the slightest bit of Immortal Qi.”
Chen Ping looked around and was somewhat puzzled inwardly!
If it was a place where an Immortal had fallen, then there would definitely be the presence of Immortal Qi here, and the weapons used by the Immortal, and the various spells worn on his body, would definitely be left behind once again!
In that case, the Immortal Qi here should be much thicker than other places!
But now Chen Ping did not detect a single trace of Immortal Qi!
This made Chen Ping somewhat puzzled as to whether or not this Polar Region was a place where Immortals had fallen, or was this itself a lie?
“This is not a place where Immortals have fallen at all!”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke up!
As a Demon Monarch opened his mouth like this, it meant that this was definitely not a place where Immortals had fallen!
Chen Ping did not understand why the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master would lie to himself.
“Since it is not a place where Immortals fell, what is the point of coming here?”
Chen Ping was very surprised!
“Kid, haven’t you noticed that the aura here is very chaotic, and even the entire space is distorted.”
“This place has too strong a magnetic field, if you want to take off and fly high in the air here, I’m afraid it would be very difficult.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed as he listened, followed by his body taking a long leap!
The body had just taken off into the air when he felt a huge suction force pulling him downwards!
Chen Ping quickly fell down, his eyes becoming even more confused!
When they did not choose to fly, it was because they were afraid that the target would be too obvious, and now here, they were afraid that they would not be able to fly even if they wanted to!
“Bing Lu…………”
Chen Ping shouted towards Bing Lu, he wanted to ask Bing Lu if she didn’t know about the Polar Regions as well!
“Mr Chen ……”
Bing Lu hurriedly walked over to Chen Ping!
“Let me ask you, is this Polar Land a place where Immortals fall?”
Chen Ping asked to Bing Lu!
Bing Lu froze, then shook her head and said “No……”
“No?” Chen Ping didn’t expect Bing Lu to be so honest, and was a little angry “Since it’s not, why did your Palace Master tell me that this is the land where Immortals fell, and asked me to bring you here to hunt for treasures and find resources?”
“Mr Chen, don’t be angry, in fact, in this matter, it wasn’t the Palace Master who wanted to deceive you, it was the Palace Master who wanted to deceive the others.”