How could it be like this? At the same realm, this difference in strength was too great.
The crowd looked at Fang Xing Yue’s wretched appearance and couldn’t help but sneer.
“It’s true that he is still young and doesn’t understand that the same realm is also a thousand miles different in strength.”
“This has only just stepped into the half-step Martial Marquis, and he is so impatient to challenge other half-step Martial Marquis, isn’t this seeking death?”
“Ding Bu Si has stayed at the position of Half-step Martial Marquis for more than ten years without breaking through yet, such a Half-step Martial Marquis is no match for others.”
The crowd mocked Fang Xingyue, causing Fang Xingyue to lose all her face.
“Your Desolate Martial Dao world is only so strong, is there anyone else who wants to try?”
Ding Bu Si disdainfully swept a glance at Luo Jin Zuo and those of them, then continued, “If you don’t want to try, then get lost, if you annoy us, none of you will want to leave ……”
Ding Bu Si’s words instantly made Luo Jin Zuo’s gang furious.
“Ding Bu Si, how can a doll represent our entire Mo Bei martial arts community, since you say so, then let me teach you two moves!”
At this time, an old man dressed in white practice clothes slowly walked out from the middle of the crowd.
Looking at his age, this old man was of a similar age to Ding Bu Si, but his hair and beard were all white.
When they saw this old man stand out, both Ding Bu Si and the rest of the Vicious Valley’s faces all turned grave.
This was because the aura emanating from this old man’s body was already faintly at the Martial Marquis realm.
Even if he was not a Martial Marquis, he had definitely reached a bottleneck and was waiting for an opportunity to break through.
When Ding Bu Si faced the old man in front of him, it was obvious that he was no match for him.
“Ding Bu Si, how about making a move? I’d like to borrow your Evil Valley to practise with me, maybe it can help me break through!”
The old man teasingly said to Ding Bu Si.
Ding Bu Si’s face was ugly as he stood still, because he knew that even if he made a move, he would not be a match for the old man in front of him.
“Since you won’t make a move, then I’ll make the first move ……”
As the old man finished speaking, the aura on his body surged, and his flowery white beard and hair, all stood up at the roots.
Soon, the old man’s surroundings were surrounded by gas bursts of white mist.
The old man’s entire body was like an immortal descending to earth, and his aura rippled out.
“Old Fourth, you come back, I’ll meet him …….”
Ding DaDa took a healthy step forward and shouted Ding BuShi back.
When Ding BuDa faced the old man, he did not dare to be careless, and the majestic aura on his body began to gather.
The entire Vicious Valley was able to be known for its strength because of Ding BuDa’s strength.
“Nearly an old man, just a half-step Martial Marquis, what’s there to be wild about.”
Ding Da Da taunted at the old man.
“Seek death ……”
The old man was furious, and then his body’s powerful Qi exploded.
He hated it the most when people talked about him like that, for so many years, he had been stuck at the very peak of half-step Martial Marquis, just a little bit away from breaking through to Martial Marquis, but unfortunately, he just couldn’t.
Now that he had been directly stabbed in the wound of his heart by Ding Da, the old man’s entire being was violently angry.
Immediately afterwards, the old man took a step and his entire body instantly arrived in front of Ding Da.
Then both fists swung out, and a fist wind whistled up.
The clear sky was suddenly gusty at this moment, flying sand and rocks!
The old man used all his strength.
He knew that when he faced Ding Da, a Martial Marquis, he could only give it his all.
Even though he was close to the Martial Marquis realm, he was not a Martial Marquis after all, so the old man did not dare to be the least bit careless.
When Ding Da Da saw this, he also met it instantly with his fists lingering with golden light.
Boom boom boom …………
The crowd could not see the two people at all, they could only hear the sound of a fist clash.