The matter of Chen Ping killing that Fei Qingping was considered a big deal in this southwest, and it was impossible to hide it from the others.
With a little prying, Zhou Tiancheng knew the story!
“Second Master Zhou, of course I am happy to serve Second Master Zhou, but as you know, Second Master Zhou, that Ji Ruxue is as guarded as a jade and will definitely not give in, when the time comes I am afraid ……”
Xiao Da was afraid that Ji Ru Xue would act too aggressively and really come to a fish death and die together then it would be troublesome.
“Palace Master Xiao, you just need to trick that Ji Ru Xue into coming to your Sacred Beast Palace, I will handle the rest myself.”
Zhou Tiancheng said indifferently.
Xiao Da looked at Zhou Tiancheng’s appearance and knew that he would not stop until he achieved his goal, so he clenched his teeth and said, “Fine, then I will ask that Ji Ru Xue to come to …… Second Master Zhou.”
“Hahahaha, Palace Master Xiao really knows how to be timely, then I will wait here patiently ……”
Zhou Tiancheng laughed out loud.
…………
Red Lotus Palace.
The two of them, Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min, had not been able to eat or drink for several days.
“Sister, did big brother Chen really get killed by that Martial Dao Alliance? I’ve never been able to believe it, could the Martial Dao Alliance have put out false news?”
Xiao Min had never been able to believe that Chen Ping had died just like that.
Ji Ru Xue did not say anything because she knew that the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance would not normally put out false news.
But there was one thing, Ji Ru Xue didn’t quite believe that Chen Ping had died so easily either.
The current Ji Ru Xue still remembered that night, the night she thought Chen Ping had died.
The vision of heaven and earth during Chen Ping’s breakthrough proved that Chen Ping was simply different from ordinary martial artists, so maybe this time when Chen Ping died, he would come back to life again just like the last time!
“Palace Master, someone from the Sacred Beast Palace is here!”
At this moment, a Red Lotus Palace disciple said to Ji Ru Xue.
Upon hearing that it was the Sacred Beast Palace who had come, Ji Ru Xue hurriedly gathered her emotions before saying, “Let the people from the Sacred Beast Palace come in!”
Ever since the Sacred Beast Palace and the Red Lotus Palace had aligned, Ji Ruxue and the Sacred Beast Palace had been walking around a lot.
Soon, someone from the Sacred Beast Palace walked in and then said to Ji Ruxue, “Palace Master Ji, our Palace Master wants to ask Palace Master Ji to come to our Sacred Beast Palace, saying that there is an important matter to discuss!”
Ji Ru Xue heard this, then nodded and said, “Good, I understand, report back to your Palace Master, I will be there immediately!”
After the people from the Sacred Beast Palace had left, Ji Ru Xue also began to prepare to head to the Sacred Beast Palace.
“Sister, shall I accompany you too?”
Xiao Min said to Ji Ru Xue.
“You stay well at home and remember to keep an eye on the cave at the back of the mountain, no one is allowed to enter!”
Ji Ru Xue looked in the direction of Kyoto and then continued, “I always feel that Mr. Chen will come again ……”
“Sister, do you also feel that big brother Chen is not dead?”
Minnie asked happily when she saw Ji Ru Xue say this.
Ji Ru Xue didn’t say anything, no matter if Chen Ping was dead or not, however he would always live in Ji Ru Xue’s heart.
Ji Ru Xue knew that from now on, she would not be able to have her heart set on any man.
Ji Ru Xue rushed to the Sacred Beast Palace, while at this moment Zhou Tiancheng took out a small gla*s bottle from his arms, then dripped a few drops of liquid from it and gently stirred it a few times inside the teacup.
Xiao Da watched from the side and said nothing.
At one time, he had watched Fei Qingping do nothing but evil, and was disgusted and resentful inside, which was why he had killed Fei Qingping when he was following Chen Ping in the battle, and became the Sacred Beast Palace Master himself.
But now that the dragon slaying boy had finally become an evil dragon, he himself had become the same as Fei Qingping, but there was no way out, the position he was in was different, so his feelings were different too!
“Palace Master Xiao, it’s up to you in a moment, as long as you make that Ji Ru Xue drink this cup of tea, then she will behave herself ……”
Zhou Tiancheng said to Xiao Da.