Boom boom boom …………
The two just kept colliding, each clash causing a spatial distortion and tremor!
Boom ……
With another collision, the two bodies separated.
The imperishable golden body on Chen Ping’s personal body had long since been shattered, and his strong flesh bore a trail of wounds.
Chen Ping’s fist was even bloodier, and he looked miserable!
On the contrary, Zhu Zhishan’s body did not suffer many wounds, but when he took out the Great Martial Marquis’s magic weapon from his pocket, he found that it was already cracked!
After Zhu Zhishan took it out, the magic weapon instantly turned into pieces and fell to the ground.
Only then did Chen Ping realise that just now, this Zhu Zhishan had relied on the power of the magic weapon to follow him in a hard fight.
“You cheated …………”
Chen Ping’s eyes stared slightly as he gritted his teeth and looked at Zhu Zhishan.
“Swindle?” The corners of Zhu Zhishan’s mouth lifted, “Hahaha, I didn’t promise anything to you, what’s the point of cheating?”
“If you are capable, you can also take out your magic weapon, but today, no matter what you take out, you must die ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s mind was already made up, he had to kill Chen Ping, if Chen Ping didn’t die, he would die.
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, his terrifying fist power once again blasted towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was now heavily wounded, and Zhu Zhishan had completely ignored Chen Ping in his eyes.
Seeing this, Chen Ping fiercely reached out and sacrificed his Zeng Long Sword, then held it across his chest.
Clang …………
There was a crisp sound, and Chen Ping’s body hurriedly retreated backwards, his feet cutting two deep marks on the ground!
And that Zhu Zhishan’s wrist was tingling as he looked coldly at the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand.
Fortunately, he had hurriedly brought out his Dragon Cutting Sword to block the blow, otherwise, if Zhu Zhishan’s punch had hit him, his internal organs would have been injured, even if he didn’t die!
“Humph, no matter what you come up with, it won’t save your life ……”
The aura within Zhu Zhishan’s body surged here, before charging towards Chen Ping again.
Looking at Zhu Zhishan who was rushing over, Chen Ping did not dodge or evade, seemingly thinking about something.
Just as Zhu Zhishan was about to arrive in front of him, Chen Ping suddenly put away his Dragon Chopping Sword and immediately hung his chest out in front of Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan didn’t know what Chen Ping meant by this, but he didn’t stop, instead he threw a fierce punch at Chen Ping’s chest.
A mouthful of blood gushed out from Chen Ping, and his internal organs were almost shattered, followed by his body flying towards the distance like a kite with a broken string.
While in mid-air, Chen Ping gritted his teeth to death and fiercely raised the spiritual energy in his dantian, followed by his feet glaring at the trees and scampering off into the distance!
Chen Ping was desperately trying to get hurt and escape with the power of Zhu Zhi Shan.
When he saw Chen Ping trying to escape, Zhu Zhishan didn’t panic, but raised a playful smile at the corner of his mouth!
Chen Ping turned his head to look and found that Zhu Zhishan was looking at him and was not chasing him, which made Chen Ping puzzled.
But just as Chen Ping was wondering, suddenly his body seemed to hit something and he landed straight on the ground.
Chen Ping fixed his eyes and found that somehow, the guys Zhu Zhishan had brought with him had already set up a heavenly net around him, and Chen Ping had just fallen down after hitting the light curtain.
Seeing Chen Ping’s wretched appearance after falling, Zhu Zhishan laughed out loud.
“Hahahaha, you didn’t think you would have a day, did you? I told you, you won’t be able to escape today.”
“Any more last words, I can pa*s them on to your girlfriend for you.”
“When your girlfriend has no more use for you, I can let her go underground to keep you company!”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping mockingly, in his opinion, Chen Ping was now a piece of meat on the table for slaughter, there was no escape.