Chen Ping frowned, glancing at Bai Shao who was about to be frozen, and then at the injured Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix, and finally gritting his teeth, he grabbed Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix, and was about to rush out of the five great sect gates!
Because the five great sect gates were protected by formations, Chen Ping could only rush out from the direction of the doorway in order to do so!
Now at this time, Chen Ping did not have the time to break the formations!
“Stop them ……”
With a command from Patriarch Yang, the many cultivators of the Tianyang Sect surrounded towards Chen Ping!
But just as those Heavenly Sun Sect cultivators were besieging towards Chen Ping, suddenly from above their heads, a ray of light shrouded down, forming a curtain of light and trapping these cultivators within it!
“Mr Chen, quickly go ……”
It turned out to be Sheng Bushi who had rushed over, he came when he heard the commotion and realised that it was the people from the five great clans who were actually trying to make a move against Chen Ping, so he rushed to put up a formation to stop them!
This formation of Sheng Boshi’s was not going to be able to block it for much longer, so Chen Ping had to quickly rush out of the five great sects’ quarters before he could do so!
Chen Ping knew that once he left, no one else would be able to leave the five great sects.
But right now, he had no other way.
“You don’t want to leave ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to rush out of the Five Great Sect Residences, yet another group of people blocked the way!
It was Patriarch Yue of the Sky Moon Sect with his disciples blocking Chen Ping’s way.
It was obvious that these people were attracted by that Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Year Offering.
Looking at the Heavenly Moon Sect in front of him, Chen Ping’s heart was helpless!
With the injured Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun with him, it was impossible for him to break through the Sky Moon Sect’s block no matter what.
In his mind, the figure of Shi constantly flashed through!
It was because when he was in the secular world, no matter what kind of danger Chen Ping encountered, in the end, Mr Shi would always appear in time!
But now, Mr Shi might never appear again!
Chen Ping thought that Mr Shi had died a long time ago!
At this moment, in a deep mountain residence, Mr Shi was writing something when he suddenly looked up at the window as if he had a sense!
Immediately after that, Mr Shi walked over to the window and looked at the sky outside, seemingly thinking about something!
“Mr Shi, the Demon Sealing Alliance has sent out a kill order using a 10,000 mile voice transmission, and those who are able to kill Chen Ping can receive a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Nowadays, there are already many clans and lineages that are stupid enough to move, Chen Ping is also trapped within the five major clans in the Southern Domain, I’m afraid that his life is in danger, do you think we should intervene?”
A curvaceous girl walked in and asked Shi!
“What level is he at now?”
Shi asked!
“Just promoted to the second rank of the Transition Realm ……”
The girl said!
“Second grade of the Transition Realm ……,” Shi sighed lightly, “Slow, too slow, although the speed at which he has been elevated has long since far exceeded that of others, it is still too slow.”
“Don’t mind him, let him experience life and death on his own, it might help him in his cultivation, we can’t let him go too smoothly, if he can’t even cope with the Demon Sealing Alliance, how is he going to save the entire Dragon Clan.”
“Mr Shi, I’m afraid …………”
The girl wanted to speak!
“Don’t worry, he can’t die, I’ve already seen his destiny.”
Mr Shi finished and waved his hand for the girl to go out!
After the girl walked out, Shi’s eyes however flashed with a look of worry!
“Chen Ping, is it possible that we are asking too much of you?I know you must be living a very tiring life right now, but there’s no way around it, who let the purest Golden Dragon bloodline flow through you.”
“This is your mission and your destiny, don’t blame us for being hard-hearted, there are some things that I would love to go and help you with, and I would love to let you ascend to heaven in one step and fly into immortality.”
“But I can’t do that, because many people are waiting for you, waiting for you to save, waiting for you to break the mystery.”
“I don’t know, how much longer I can guard you, I just hope you grow up quickly, grow up quickly ……”
Mr Shi mumbled for a long time as if he was stupid ……