That strong man knew that the youngest sister’s brother was mocking him, but in front of Chen Ping, he did not dare to do anything.
He did not take care of the youngest sister’s brother, but looked at Chen Ping and begged bitterly, “Fellow Daoist, please, please take me out with you!”
Chen Ping looked at the burly man and sneered, “Why should I take you? We are non-relatives and have no friendship.”
When the burly man heard this, he hurriedly said, “Fellow Daoist, I also have a younger sister that I can also give to you so that you can be my brother-in-law ……”
“F*ck ……”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while!
“Pull back, you this big black bear, your sister is also surely not beautiful, still want to steal my brother-in-law with me ah?”
The youngest sister’s brother looked at the burly man and mocked!
The strong man was full of ugly, a bitter face said, “My sister is indeed not very good looking, but …… but I also have a secret to tell you.”
“What secret?”Chen Ping looked at the burly man!
The strong man looked at that youngest brother, and did not say, looks like it is afraid of the youngest brother know!
“It’s alright, you say it!”Chen Ping said!
“Fellow Daoist, I know of an Immortal Spirit Stone’s Spirit Vein Mine, now that the price of Immortal Spirit Stones is climbing high, this one Immortal Spirit Stone’s Spirit Vein Mine is a huge fortune.”
“Truth be told, I was caught in here because I brought too many Immortal Spirit Stones with me and secretly sold them to a private buyer.”
“If you are able to take me out, I can tell you the location of the Spirit Vein Mine, and we’ll split it equally when the time comes!”
The strong man whispered after Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was a little surprised, if he really knew of a Spirit Vein Mine of Immortal Spirit Stones, that would really be a huge resource!
It would be much faster than acquiring it little by little with Violet Gold Spirit Coins!
Only, Chen Ping did not know if what this burly man said was true or not!
“Hmph, don’t talk nonsense here, where in the entire Beast City are there any spirit vein mines of Immortal Spirit Stones, they have long been mined out.”
“There are only bits and pieces of Immortal Spirit Stones left, it all depends on luck to pick them up, how could there still be Spirit Vein Mines of Immortal Spirit Stones.”
“If there really were, the people from the City Lord’s Mansion would have sent people to occupy it long ago!”
Brother Missy snorted coldly, not believing what the strong man said at all!
After all, he had lived here for such a long time, and had never heard anyone else talk about the existence of this Spirit Vein Mine!
“Just because you don’t know, doesn’t mean there isn’t one, could it be that you know what’s underneath this Beast City?”
The burly man retorted at the youngest sister’s brother!
The youngest sister’s brother froze, but still looked a bit unconvinced!
“How do I believe that you are telling the truth?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards the strong man!
“Fellow Daoist, you can go out and verify, my name is Xiong Cuo, my sister’s name is Xiong Ying, this time when I entered the Beast City to trade within the city, it was only myself.”
“After you go out, I will give you something to hold, you go to my sister, at that time she will make you believe that what I said is true.”
Xiong Guo whispered after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at Xiong Cuo’s appearance and it did not look like he was deceiving himself, so he nodded his head and said, “Alright, as long as you are not deceiving me, I will take you out from within the dungeon!”
“Fellow Daoist don’t worry, I’m definitely not deceiving you, this is the jade pendant I wear with me, you take the jade pendant and go to a hundred miles to the southwest outside of Beast City, you’ll be able to see a big tree, and my sister will be waiting for me in the hole of that tree.”
“As long as you take this jade pendant to her and then after explaining the situation to her, she will be able to prove that what I said is true!”
Xiong Gao handed Chen Ping a jade pendant and said!
“Good!”Chen Ping nodded and took the jade pendant!
The youngest sister’s brother was on the side, looking a little nervous, after all, he couldn’t take anything out, would Chen Ping still save him?
He only had one sister, but his own sister followed the Immortal Spirit Stone’s Spirit Vein compared to it, it was simply worthless ah!
“Don’t worry, I’ll let you out first tomorrow!”Chen Ping looked at his youngest sister’s brother’s scared look and said with a faint smile!
After saying that, Chen Ping went to rest, and the youngest sister’s brother was also relieved!