You must know that although the Demon Spirit Sect is a demonic sect, it adheres to the tenet of being uncontentious with the world and cultivating without fear!
For so many years, the Demon Heart Sect has rarely stepped out of its secret realm to fight with other sects and families outside the secular world!
Moreover, the Demon Spirit Sect and the Demon Heart Sect were almost incompatible with each other, and now this sudden announcement by Song Qingping made many people unable to bear it at all!
“Vice Patriarch, what do you mean by that? Where is the Patriarch? Why didn’t the Sovereign come out to announce such an important matter?”
A high ranking official stood up and asked Song Qingping.
In their eyes, the one with the highest power was still the Patriarch.
As for Song Qingping, many people were still somewhat unconvinced, after all, Song Qingping was too young.
“The Patriarch is ill, so I will just announce it on his behalf, the Patriarch has already set this matter, so you all just need to obey.”
Song Qingping swept a glance at the crowd, then said coldly.
“The Patriarch is holding an illness, then we should go and see, let us go and see the Patriarch and listen to the Patriarch personally give the order.”
Another senior stood up and said loudly.
“b*****d, as the Vice Patriarch, do I not have this right, it’s really against you all.”
After Song Qingping finished speaking, his palm swung violently, and a terrifying force instantly struck, directly knocking that senior out!
With this move, Song Qingping instantly subdued many people!
The crowd didn’t know Song Qingping’s true strength, they only knew that he was young and courteous, so he probably couldn’t be too strong!
So the crowd was not afraid of Song Qingping, the Vice Patriarch, and if the Patriarch had not personally ordered him to do so, no one would probably have listened to Song Qingping.
But now Song Qingping had only shown his hand, and he had subdued the crowd!
Seeing that no one in the crowd was daring to speak, a cold smile appeared on Song Qingping’s face.
“Vice Patriarch, I’m afraid that what you are saying is not the Patriarch’s intention, but your own, right?”
“Because our Patriarch, should have been killed by you long ago.”
Deacon Lu stood up and asked at Song Qingping.
“Deacon Lu, what do you mean by that?”
Song Qingping’s eyes faintly stared and said.
“What I mean, you should understand best, our Patriarch suddenly started wearing a mask several years ago, saying that he had been disfigured and was afraid of meeting people.”
“In fact, at that time, our Patriarch should have been harmed by you, it was you who had been controlling the Patriarch’s corpse with demonic magic.”
“The Patriarch now, I’m afraid, is just a skeleton!”
Deacon Lu’s aura began to erupt as he looked coldly at Song Qingping and said.
“Deacon Lu, what are you talking nonsense about, be careful I’ll punish you for the crime of demonic talk and confusing the people!”
Song Qingping shouted.
“I demonize and confuse people, today I will show you if I demonize and confuse people.”
After Deacon Lu finished speaking, he immediately shouted, “Bring in the Patriarch ……”
Soon, two members of the Demon Spirit Sect, brought the Patriarch in, and the Patriarch’s face was still covered with a mask!
Seeing this, the crowd knelt down and shouted, “Patriarch ……”
When Song Qingping saw that Deacon Lu had actually sent someone to secretly bring in the Patriarch, his eyes were filled with murderous intent, instead his fists were slightly clenched!
“Everyone, see what has become of our Patriarch ……”
With that, Deacon Lu took off that mask, revealing the ghastly skull inside!
When the crowd saw this, they were all shocked.
“Song Qingping, what is your explanation for this?”
Deacon Lu asked as he turned to Song Qingping.
“Hmph, there is nothing to explain, those who obey me will prosper and those who disobey me will die, if you all submit to me, everyone’s cultivation resources will be doubled in the future.”
Song Qingping promised to the crowd!
When the crowd saw this, it was a complete tearing of their faces, and many of them stood behind Song Qingping!
Song Qingping had been the Vice Patriarch for so many years, so of course he had some of his own cronies!
On Deacon Lu’s side, there were only a few people who stood with him.
There were still some who were indecisive, not knowing which side they should stand on at all!