In an instant, the fluctuations of spiritual energy on his body converged, but the composure and depth were even thicker than before, and that was the unique aura of a Mahayana Realm powerhouse.
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a dazzling light, that was the joy and confidence after the breakthrough.
He felt the surging power within his body, and the corner of his mouth curled into a satisfied smile, he knew that he had finally stepped into the Mahayana Realm, and his strength had taken a qualitative leap.
“Mr. Chen Ping, congratulations on your breakthrough into the Mahayana Realm ……”
Bai Cheng was the first to rush up and congratulate towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had broken through to the Mahayana Realm, and only Bai Cheng knew how awesome Chen Ping was at this moment!
Although he was only a first rank in the Mahayana realm, at this moment, Chen Ping would never put a fifth rank cultivator in the Mahayana realm in his eyes!
Xing Daorong also hurried forward, unable to hide his excitement within, “Fellow Daoist Chen, this breakthrough of yours into the Mahayana Realm has created a commotion that can be even more lively than the Immortalization Realm.”
“In a moment surely the entire Beast City is going to wind up rumoring that someone from my Xing Mansion has broken through the Immortalization Realm ……”
Criminal Dao Rong was very excited at the moment, this commotion of Chen Ping breaking through the Mahayana Realm was comparable to the Immortalization Realm!
This would be great if so people misunderstood that someone from their Xing Mansion had broken through the Harmonization Immortal Realm!
This way, no one would dare to hit their Xing Mansion!
“General Xing is joking, it’s only a breakthrough in the Mahayana realm, compared to the Immortalization realm, it’s a hundred thousand miles away.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Being able to break through to the Mahayana Realm, Chen Ping was also very happy!
“General Xing, I will first take Mr. Chen to change his clothes and clean himself up!”
Bai Cheng said!
At this moment, Chen Ping, his entire body was in rags, and he looked like he had been struck by lightning, so he definitely needed to freshen up before he could do so!
“Hurry up and go ……”
Ding Daorong said as he waved his hand!
Chen Ping followed Bai Cheng and went to wash up!
And at this moment, the entire Beast City exploded!
Especially the other two general’s mansions, it was obvious that this thunderbolt was heading towards the Xing Mansion, and that proved that someone from the Xing Mansion had broken through a great realm!
But what kind of great realm would attract such a terrifying thunderbolt?
Aside from the Immortalization Realm, what other realm is there?
“General, this thunderbolt is indeed heading towards the Xing Mansion, it seems that someone in the Xing Mansion has broken through the Great Realm!”
In the Qiu Mansion, a commander said to Qiu Wanha!
“I know, but what kind of realm is being broken through with such a terrifying thunder tribulation?”
“It can’t be the Immortalization Realm, can it? That Criminal Dao Rong is only the eighth rank of the Mahayana realm, how could he break through the Immortalization realm so quickly?”
Qiu Wanha said with a slight frown!
“General, could it be that Criminal Daorong secretly invited a guest secretary, that Xing Mansion has quite a few guest secretaries, what if there is a Mahayana Realm 9th Grade guest secretary who happens to break through?”
Someone said!
“Impossible, how could a ninth rank of the Mahayana realm be a guest secretary for that Interdiction Dao Rong, and the entire Beast City has very few ninth rank cultivators of the Mahayana realm, or else the three of us wouldn’t have become Beast Generals.”
“You guys keep an eye on the Xing Mansion, don’t mess with them for the time being, and wait for Tu’er to mine enough Immortal Spirit Stones before making plans.”
Qiu Wanha didn’t believe that someone from the Xing Mansion had broken through to the Immortalization Realm, it was impossible!
“Understood!”That commander nodded and said!
Meanwhile, in the ancient tree space within that large prison, the City Lord was concentrating on his cultivation, but he was also awakened by that terrifying thunderbolt!
“Someone has crossed the tribulation? A thunder tribulation that is capable of disturbing my cultivation, could it be that another person has broken through to the Immortalization Realm?”
The City Lord’s brows were slightly furrowed, and it was obvious that there were many doubts in his eyes!
The Beast City had been hidden for thousands of years, and he knew very well what level the cultivators within the entire Beast City were at!
It was impossible for there to be a cultivator who had broken through to the Immortalization Realm at such a fast speed!
But that thunderbolt just now, it was clearly not an ordinary thunderbolt that had disturbed his cultivation!
If it was an ordinary Mahayana realm cultivator’s thunder tribulation, he wouldn’t have been disturbed at all!
“It looks like it’s time to send someone to check ……”
The City Lord let out a light sigh, then slowly closed his eyes!