“Brother Chen Ping, forget about it ……” Wang Han Han also tightly pulled on Chen Ping’s arm!
Chen Ping looked at Sun Xiaomeng like that and finally put his hand down.
If he and Sun Xiaomeng got too stiff, when Sun Fuhai talked to his own parents, then his parents would definitely be worried!
Seeing Chen Ping let go of his hand, Cui Zhiyuan instantly straightened his back again, but didn’t dare to say anything!
At that moment, a Bentley came quickly and then stopped steadily in front of the crowd!
After seeing the Bentley, everyone froze for a moment!
Chen Ping was also slightly stunned, he didn’t expect this fellow, Lin Tianhu, to have been waiting for him!
And after Wang Han Han saw this Bentley, she immediately shouted happily, “This is the one, Brother Chen Ping came in this one ……”
After seeing the Bentley stop, a young man in a suit came down and after walking up to Chen Ping, he said respectfully, “Mr. Chen, please get in ……”
Chen Ping smiled slightly, he didn’t expect this guy Lin Tianhu to send someone else to pick him up, it looked like he knew he was afraid of people finding out about his relationship with him, after all, Lin Tianhu’s reputation in Hongcheng was not very good!
“Han Han, let’s get in the car and go eat a big stall ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently to Wang Han Han!
With surprise in her eyes, Wang Han Han nodded happily, she had never been in a Bentley before!
Getting into the car, Chen Ping also deliberately rolled down the window, with a few sneers on his face he looked at the crowd and said, “I’m leaving first ……”
The car was soon gone, leaving Cui Zhiyuan and a group of people standing dumbfounded!
“sh*t, this kid is really in a Bentley, this is too awesome ……”
“This Bentley doesn’t really belong to his friend, does it?”
The crowd all exclaimed!
“Hmph, what’s so awesome, isn’t it just renting a Bentley, bah ……”
Cui Zhiyuan spat fiercely, and then got into the car and left!
When the crowd saw this, they also dispersed and went back to their own homes!
And in the office of Xian He Zhuang, Xing Jun found Liao Fei Xiong with his face tinged with a bit of anger!
“Brother Xiong, I’ve always heard that the Red Dragon Gang has very strict rules and never fails to do what they promised, how come that Chen Ping is still alive today and hasn’t been injured at all?”
Xing Jun questioned at Liao Fei Xiong.
Faced with Xing Jun’s questioning, Liao Fei Xiong slowly got up and immediately after walking into Xing Jun, he slapped him hard on the face, directly knocking Xing Jun to the ground!
Just as Xing Jun fell to the ground, four big men held daggers to Xing Jun’s neck, which scared Xing Jun to death!
“Paralyzed, you almost got me killed, and you still dare to find me to ask for punishment, if not for the sake of your one million dollars, I would have thrown you into the river to feed the fish today ……”
Liao Fei Xiong roared loudly at Xing Jun!
This made Xing Jun almost dumbfounded, he didn’t understand what was wrong with this Liao Fei Xiong, why was he suddenly so angry with himself.
“Brother Xiong, I …… wouldn’t dare to harm you, but things didn’t work out, that one million you should always give me, you can’t ………… ”
Before Xing Jun could finish his words, a big man’s dagger was slightly forceful and blood instantly flowed from Xing Jun’s neck!
“How do you kid talk to Brother Xiong? Don’t you know our rules? It’s impossible to take out the money that has arrived in your hand!”
The big man roared with a fierce face!
This scared Xing Jun so much that he felt the cold dagger at his neck, and no longer dared to say a word, let alone ask for money!
“Get lost, if I hear half a word of what happened today in other people’s mouths, I’ll have your life ……”
Liao Fei Xiong threatened at Xing Jun!
After all, although their line of work is not a serious business, but it is also about credibility, if this gets out, who will still look for them to handle things!