“You go away, if you are persistent, I will not show mercy ……”
Xu Changsheng looked at Xiahou Dun and said indifferently.
Xiahou Dun looked at Chen Ping angrily and finally gritted his teeth and said, “Chen Ping, count yourself lucky today, sooner or later I will kill you ……”
After Xiahou Dun finished speaking, he turned his head and led his men away.
That Ning Yu, who had broken his hand, saw this and was so frightened that he also hurriedly followed Xiahou Dun and prepared to leave.
“You don’t want to leave ……”
Seeing that Ning Yu wanted to leave, Chen Ping leapt up and blocked Ning Yu’s way.
“Chen Ping, what …… are you going to do?” Ning Yu was trembling with fear, now that he had broken one hand, he was even less of a match for Chen Ping.
“Kill you ……,” Chen Ping’s eyes were cold.
If this guy hadn’t brought Xiahou Dun here, Xiaolan wouldn’t have died, it was all because of this guy.
Looking at Chen Ping’s look that was full of killing aura, Ning Yu hurriedly turned to Xiahou Dun, “Master Xia, please, please take me with you ……”
At this moment, Ning Yu could only pray that Xiahou Dun would take him with him.
It was only a pity that Xiahou Dun did not even turn around and left straight away.
Seeing Xiahou Dun gone, Ning Yu was so desperate that he could only beg at Chen Ping, “Please let me go, I can give you whatever you want, we have many treasures in Tian Luo Pavilion ……”
Chen Ping stared at Ning Yu with a murderous look on his face, and did not speak, but waved the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand.
Ning Yu’s head was instantly thrown up high and finally landed on the ground, rolling a long way in a bone-shaking manner.
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword and walked up to Xu Changsheng, “Thank you Elder Xu for saving me ……”
“You’re welcome, it’s just a hand up ……” Xu Changsheng smiled lightly, then his eyes fell on the Shennong Cauldron not far away, “Brother Chen, is this bronze cauldron yours?”
“Oh, a friend gave it to me ……” Chen Ping said, and a spiritual energy struck into the Shennong Cauldron, which reverted back to the size of his palm and returned to Chen Ping’s arms.
Chen Ping didn’t want Xu Changsheng to know that this was the Shennong Cauldron, after all, it was an ancient divine weapon and a powerful tool for alchemy, what if Xu Changsheng knew about it and had bad intentions?
Although Xu Changsheng had saved Chen Ping, under the great temptation, people’s hearts would always change, so Chen Ping had to be careful.
Putting away the Shennong Cauldron, Chen Ping looked at Xiao Lan lying on the ground and his eyes instantly moistened.
Whether he liked Xiaolan or not, whether the two had feelings for each other or not, but Xiaolan had died because he had saved him, Chen Ping’s heart ached.
Slowly walking to Xiaolan’s side, Chen Ping squatted down and picked Xiaolan up, he intended to bury her.
“Brother Chen, wait a minute ……” Xu Changsheng shouted, before walking up to Chen Ping.
After taking a look at Xiaolan’s condition, he took out a pill from his arms and stuffed it into Xiaolan’s mouth.
“Brother Chen, this friend of yours is not dead, but she is not far from death, I have given her a life sustaining pill, hopefully she can make it to Pill God Valley in time, when she reaches Pill God Valley, she will be saved ……”
Xu Changsheng said to Chen Ping.
“What? Xiaolan isn’t dead?” Chen Ping froze, and immediately afterwards a surge of spiritual energy was injected into Xiao Lan’s body.
Soon, Chen Ping found that Xiao Lan was indeed not dead and her heart was still beating faintly.
Chen Ping broke out in a cold sweat, if it wasn’t for Xu Changsheng, he would have buried Xiaolan himself.
When he had just checked Xiao Lan, his body’s spiritual power was depleted and he had not checked carefully, almost making a big mistake.
“Elder Xu, please lead the way ahead ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and immediately instructed Lin Tianhu, “Lin Tianhu, you drive, we will go to the Pill God Valley immediately ……”
“Brother Chen, Pill God Valley doesn’t allow outsiders to enter or leave casually, you’d better explain a couple of things and take my car to go ……”
Xu Changsheng explained.
Chen Ping nodded and explained that Lin Tianhu and the others would go back to Hongcheng, and after seeing Su Yuqi and the girls, he would tell Su Yuqi about his whereabouts so that she wouldn’t worry.
After the explanation, Chen Ping got into Xu Changsheng’s car with Xiao Lan in his arms, and Yu Dong drove, heading quickly towards the Pill God Valley.