Just as Chen Ping’s roar stopped, an angry shout rang out, “How dare you intrude into my Martial Arts Alliance ……”
A dozen martial artists wearing black practice uniforms with the logo of the Wudao Alliance embroidered on them, each with an incomparably strong aura, then poured out from the two measured houses.
Chen Ping swept a glance at these people and coldly snorted, “Where is Zhu Zhishan? Tell him to get out, he is not afraid and has turned into a shrinking turtle, is he?”
“How dare you, you dare to slander our Alliance Master like that, looking for death ……”
A fellow from the Martial Dao Alliance shouted angrily and was about to attack towards Chen Ping with his double blades in hand.
“Stop it ……”
A voice came out from the depths, followed by the sight of Zhu Zhishan slowly walking out.
“Alliance Master ……”
These people looked at Zhu Zhishan and all shouted out respectfully.
“Chen Ping, I originally thought that what you said was a joke, but I didn’t expect you to really dare to barge into my Martial Dao Alliance, do you really think that if you killed Ning Hai, you are invincible?”
“But you do have some skills, among the young generation of martial artists in Kyoto, you are considered the best, it’s just a pity that you are too wild, so wild that you yourself dare to barge into my Martial Alliance ……”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping, his face full of disdain and mockery!
Chen Ping coldly looked at Zhu Zhishan, the killing aura on his body began to fill the air: “I came to ask for someone, not to listen to your nonsense ……”
Chen Ping said, and a terrifying aura instantly enveloped the entire hall.
Those in the Martial Alliance felt this cold breath and one could not help but blush.
And that Zhu Zhishan put away the disdain in his eyes and said with a cold face, “Want people? What kind of people?”
“Don’t you f*cking pretend to me, my girlfriend has been captured by your Martial Alliance and you are still here pretending not to know?”
Chen Ping was furious at Zhu Zhishan’s appearance, his body trembled slightly from anger, and his eyes turned scarlet.
Golden light flashed up, and a piece of scales covered Chen Ping’s entire body.
The terrifying aura on Chen Ping’s body instantly caused those from the Martial Alliance to feel oppressed!
“What did you say? I have absolutely no idea, I hope you don’t slander our Martial Dao Alliance ……”
Zhu Zhishan was still pretending to know nothing.
“Let go of your mother’s bullsh*t, let go of my people ……”
Chen Ping let out an angry shout, and his terrifying aura instantly spread out in all directions.
Those from the Martial Alliance instantly felt a gust of wind sweep over them, and immediately afterwards they were all blown straight away.
Some of the less powerful ones were directly shattered in their internal organs, vomiting blood and dying!
Zhu Zhishan saw this scene and frowned, “Chen Ping, you dare to kill people in my Martial Union?”
“Not only will I kill someone, I will also tear down this broken Martial Dao Alliance of yours ……”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body was climbing.
A rampant aura that kept spreading in all directions, Chen Ping wanted to tear down the entire Martial Dao Alliance.
Only no matter how much Chen Ping’s aura tried to spread me, it could not shake the surrounding buildings, this time Chen Ping understood, it turned out that this Martial Dao Alliance was protected by a magic formation.
Although the building could not be damaged, those of the Martial Alliance could not stand it.
One by one, their faces changed wildly, some even had their bodies torn to pieces by the terrifying aura ……
“Unbridled ……”
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan’s eyes widened and his fist went towards Chen Ping.
“Good to come, I will get you killed today ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as a shining golden light erupted above his fist, then he met it with a fist.
The terrifying power of the divine dragon erupted from above Chen Ping’s fist, heavily following Zhu Zhishan as he blasted against him.
Boom!
A deafening sound shook the ground and the mountains, and the energy scattered in all directions was like a scythe, reaping the lives of the surrounding Martial Alliance martial artists.
A shower of blood splattered and ghosts cried out as the remaining people desperately fled for their lives outwards!