At the same time, in the general manager’s office of Xian He Zhuang, Xiao Lei was sitting face to face with Liao Fei Xiong with his injured arm crossed!
“Grand Duke Xiao, you asked someone to contact me, what’s the matter?”
Liao Fei Xiong said as he poured a cup of tea for Xiao Lei with his own hands!
After all, the Xiao family was also a powerful family in Hongcheng, although the Red Dragon Gang didn’t need to fear the Xiao family, but after all, these powerful families were the gods of wealth, Liao Fei Xiong knew that today, Xiao Lei came, just to send money!
“Brother Xiong, I’ve always heard that Brother Xiong’s strength is superb, today I saw that it is true.
Xiao Lei bragged to Liao Fei Xiong!
“Haha, there’s no need to be like that, Mr. Xiao, just say what you want, if I, Mr. Liao, can do it, I will never resist ……”
Liao Fei Xiong laughed out loud!
“Brother Xiong, to be honest, I have an enemy, I want Brother Xiong to send some people to help me take revenge, after the matter is completed 10 million honorarium is offered, I have 5 million here, it’s a deposit ……”
Xiao Lei said, pushing a bank card in front of Liao Fei Xiong!
“Hahahaha, really is the son of a magnificent family, the offer is really generous ……” Liao Fei Xiong was a bit surprised that Xiao Lei’s offer was 10 million!
Only after laughing twice, Liao Fei Xiong suddenly put away his laughter and looked at Xiao Lei with a grave face and asked, “I know that the Xiao family is kind to Lin Tian Hu, since you want to seek revenge on your enemy, why don’t you look for Lin Tian Hu? Besides, your Xiao family employs a lot of bodyguards, right? Do you still need to look for me, the Red Dragon Gang?”
“Our Red Dragon Gang and the Gathering of Righteousness Hall have always been incompatible with each other, Mr. Xiao abandoned the Gathering of Righteousness Hall but came to my Red Dragon Gang, isn’t this not seeking far from home?”
Liao Fei Xiong knew some of the grudges that the Xiao family had followed Lin Tian Hu, after all, it wasn’t a secret!
“Hmph, don’t mention that ungrateful fellow Lin Tianhu, without my Xiao family, Lin Tianhu would have become white bones by now, now that Lin Tianhu has become a dog of the Su family, he has long since severed his enmity with my Xiao family!”
Xiao Lei cursed angrily as soon as he heard Lin Tianhu, followed by, “As long as our Xiao family’s bodyguards, I can’t mobilize any of them, they only listen to my father’s? orders, my father still thinks I’m recovering from my injuries in the hospital now!”
“Hehehe, understand!” Liao Fei Xiong nodded his head.
“That Lin Tianhu has indeed been following the Su family closer lately! Duke Xiao’s enemy wouldn’t be a second generation official, right? I can tell you, our Red Dragon Gang never deals with official families ……”
“Brother Xiong don’t worry, it’s just an ordinary person, just some kung fu, not some second generation of officials ……”
Xiao Lei shook his head in a hurry!
“That’s good, tomorrow I’ll have Ah Shui bring a dozen brothers to find Mr. Xiao, as for what to do with the enemy, Mr. Xiao make up your own mind ……”
Liao Fei Xiong said indifferently.
“Brother Xiong, can you send more people?” Xiao Lei asked with some unease when he heard that Liao Fei Xiong would only send a dozen people.
After all, Chen Ping was too strong, he had seen Chen Ping put down several people with his own eyes in three strikes!
“What? How strong is that enemy of yours? A dozen people aren’t enough?”
Liao Fei Xiong faintly stared!
“No no no, it’s not much stronger, I just want to bring more people, wouldn’t that be more imposing ……”
Xiao Lei left an eye open, he didn’t dare to follow Liao Fei Xiong and say that Chen Ping was very strong, he was afraid that Liao Fei Xiong would back out or ask him to raise his money!
“Well, since Mr. Xiao said so, then I will send thirty people to give Mr. Xiao a boost, and I also hope that we can work together for a long time in the future ……”
Liao Fei Xiong got up and shook hands after that Xiao Lei!
“Then, thanks a lot Brother Xiong ……”
Xiao Lei said with a joyful heart.
After coming out of Xian He Zhuang, Xiao Lei got into the car, Geng Shanshan was waiting for him!
“Brother Lei, how is it going?” Geng Shanshan asked and answered anxiously.
“Humph, just wait until tomorrow to see that Chen Ping kneel down in front of us and kowtow and beg for mercy, I’m going to trample him under my feet so fiercely that he’ll know what I’m capable of ……”
Xiao Lei’s eyes burst with a cold aura as he said with glee!