“Master Hu ……”
Chen Ping stepped forward and helped Hu Ma Zi up.
“This …… this forbidden power is too terrifying ……”
Hu Ma Zi’s face became unsightly.
“You rest, I am going up to take a look ……”
Chen Ping said, about to walk up the steps!
Hu Ma Zi hurriedly stopped Chen Ping and then put a talisman on Chen Ping’s body.
“You have to be careful, the more you get to the top, the stronger the force of the taboo is, if you can’t do it, just back down!”
“No matter how important the treasure is, it is still life that matters ……”
Hu Ma Zi instructed Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded at him with a grave expression, then took a deep breath and stepped on it.
Golden light flashed up on Chen Ping’s body as the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, resisting the terrifying power oppression.
As Chen Ping’s strength increased, the golden light of the Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body flashed even more dazzlingly.
Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping nervously, he didn’t know if Chen Ping’s strength, could go to the end!
Chen Ping had talismans attached to his body, in addition to the resistance of the Unbreakable Golden Body, so Chen Ping walked very easily and at a rapid pace at first.
Later on, Chen Ping’s speed became faster and faster, as if this forbidden power, had no effect on Chen Ping!
“Demon, what a demon ah ……”
Looking at Chen Ping’s back, Hu Ma Zi sighed for a while!
However, when Chen Ping was halfway out of the steps, his speed instantly slowed down.
Moreover, his legs began to tremble, his forehead was filled with cold sweat, and it became extremely difficult to walk.
Boom!
Suddenly, the talisman on Chen Ping’s body instantly burst into flames and turned into ashes!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, gritted his teeth and still took steps upwards.
Sixty steps, seventy steps …………
Chen Ping’s waist bent down, and with each step, he was able to tread a deep footprint on top of the steps!
At this moment, Chen Ping felt like there was a huge mountain pressing down on him, leaving him breathless.
However, Chen Ping did not stop and was still holding on, gritting his teeth.
Eighty steps, ninety steps …………
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body dimmed, and his Unbreakable Golden Body shattered and disappeared with a loud bang, Chen Ping’s tight muscles were exposed, bearing the immense pressure.
There were still the last nine steps left, but Chen Ping felt like his entire body was about to be crushed and exploded.
His eyes were filled with blood, and they all began to protrude forward!
The sweat coming out of his skin also turned red, with blood mixed inside.
At this moment, Chen Ping was shaking so much that every step he took seemed to cost him half his life!
“Chen Ping, if you really can’t, come down ……”
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly roared at Chen Ping.
However, Chen Ping acted as if he did not hear, still gritting his teeth and stepping upwards.
Blood began to flow on the ground, leaving a long blood trail behind Chen Ping!
“Ah …………”
The last step was taken, Chen Ping felt that the blood on his entire body was boiling, and his veins were about to be burst by the pressure.
With a vigorous roar, all the spiritual energy was released by Chen Ping.
Suddenly, Chen Ping made a forward lunge and fell directly onto the topmost summit!
In an instant, all the pressure disappeared, and the muscles on Chen Ping’s body began to contract rapidly due to the sudden loss of pressure.
Lying on top, Chen Ping gasped for cheesy air.
Only after a few moments did Chen Ping slowly climb up and looked at the alabaster seat above him, only to see two lifelike dragons carved on top of the seat and not much else.
Moreover, this seat was still fused together with the steps, so it was impossible to carry it away.
“Chen Ping, is there any treasure up there?”
Seeing Chen Ping standing up, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly asked loudly to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head, “Nothing, just this seat ……”
“It’s not right, this is clearly the final destiny, there should be treasures.”
Hu Ma Zi frowned and fell into deep thought!
And Chen Ping gently stroked the alabaster seat, then curiously sat on it.
Boom!
As soon as Chen Ping sat on it, a terrifying stream of light suddenly descended from the sky, instantly enveloping Chen Ping in it.