I don’t know how long it took, but Chen Ping only felt his body loosen up, without the pressure of the water pool and the aura of the sword puppet around him!
After opening his eyes, Chen Ping realised that he was no longer in the water, but in a strange space!
Looking up, Chen Ping was able to clearly see the mud and sand above his head as well as the flowing pool of water!
However, it was as if there was something blocking these silt and pool water, they did not descend at all, as if they were floating in the air!
“What kind of place is this? Could it be that there are other spaces at the bottom of this Sword Washing Pool?”
Chen Ping looked in all directions, all around was that white look, here Chen Ping unexpectedly could not distinguish between space and time!
Even if he emanated his divine sense out, Chen Ping still could not tell the direction!
Chen Ping could only wander cautiously, but soon, a dark red light, not far from Chen Ping’s front lit up!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurried towards that light!
When Chen Ping arrived at the place where the light was lit up, he could not help but be stunned!
“This is a talisman?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, because in front of his eyes, what lit up the light was actually a talismanic imprint, looking at the talismanic imprint was not a formation pattern or something like that, it was more like it was made up of words!
Chen Ping looked at it for half a day, but he couldn’t understand it at all, so he could only continue to move forward!
Soon, there were also talismanic imprints in front of him, but the words engraved on the talismanic imprints were not the same!
Chen Ping searched for seven such talismanic imprints in a row, but Chen Ping did not know anything about the meaning of the characters on them!
“What the hell is this place? What are these talismanic marks?”
Chen Ping cursed!
“Kid, can’t you see that these seven marks form a circle?”
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“Circle?”Chen Ping froze, “I didn’t seem to have spun round just now, it was just one going forwards.”
Chen Ping didn’t feel like he was spinning round, he was just walking forwards all the time, and then these talismanic imprints that he found, how could they be circular?
“You are here, you have long since lost your way, and how do you know that you are always going forwards?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said with a faint smile!
When Chen Ping heard this, he also instantly understood that he had lost his way in this space, so even if he had walked in a circle, he would not have been able to detect it at all!
“Heavenly Underworld Eyes ……”
Chen Ping opened the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, it was very easy to get lost here with the same scenery all around, Chen Ping intended to open the Heavenly Underworld Eyes to see if he could see through everything here!
When the Heavenly Underworld Eyes were opened, Chen Ping’s eyes did slowly change before his eyes, Chen Ping found himself deep within a secret room!
The chamber was not large, but only a few hundred metres away!
But just now, Chen Ping had been walking here for a long time, obviously drawing circles all the time!
Along with the opening of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Chen Ping also saw that the seven talismanic seals had indeed formed a circle!
“Qian, Kan, Zhen …………”
Chen Ping looked carefully and realised that although these talismanic imprints were a circle, they were not formed randomly!
Rather, they were based on the orientation of the Five Elements Eight Trigrams and then placed in this secret room without any discrepancies!
“Five Elements Bagua Formation? If one were to form the Five Elements Eight Trigrams Formation, one must have eight seals to do so, how come there are only seven?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, his brows slightly furrowed as he looked carefully!
He found that although he had opened his Heavenly Underworld Eyes, there was a region right in the middle of the secret room that was simply impenetrable!
Chen Ping walked towards the centre, and soon a wave of light appeared in front of him!
Reaching out and touching it, the wave of light spread out like water ripples!
“Could there be a formation within a formation?”
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed as that light wave that had just appeared was also clearly formed by a formation, it was impossible that such a light wave would appear on its own in the middle of this secret room!