This was tantamount to telling everyone the answer to everything, and the crowd could completely follow suit.
If this was the case, and there was still no way to refine a corresponding elixir, then it would really be so bad that there would be no point in going to the Apothecary Conference or not!
Chen Ping listened to Zhong Yi’s voice transmission and looked at many of the illnesses on it, and realised that this Zhong Yi was indeed very powerful!
There were some illnesses that Chen Ping was able to analyse the cure for, but did not know how the illness came about!
However, Zhong情 was able to say it all, so it was obvious how high this person’s medical skills were!
This was something that Chen Ping could not help but admire!
Chen Ping looked at Zhong Sheng with admiration in his eyes, with such a high level of medical skills, in this Heavenly Human Realm, Zhong Sheng could have started a sect!
Yet he was in Yongle City, never participating in these family fights, and some what Pill Masters Assembly!
Nowadays, all this Zhong Sheng’s thoughts are on Granny Yan.
What an infatuated man!
Many people began to make use of the pill furnaces they had on them one after another, refining the pills that were needed on the Medicine Seeker’s List!
There were some high-grade elixirs that could not be refined, so they could look for elixirs that were easy to refine!
Although difficult illnesses seemed very difficult, to begin with, when one truly looked through them, perhaps the simplest elixir could be cured!
The prerequisite was to see through these illnesses!
Now that Zhong Sheng had seen through all of them, the rest was left to the pill masters to refine on their own!
For a while, many pharmacists were refining pills, and the entire Yongle City was filled with a medicinal fragrance!
“Huan Huan, this Zhong Pill Zun is really powerful, and he is also very much in love with your aunt, this time when your aunt comes back, you can’t just let her go, bringing the two together will be a great help to your Zhen family.”
Zhou Silang said enviously!
“If it helps our Zhen family, doesn’t it also help your Zhou family? Soon we’re all going to be family.”
Zhen Huan said with a smile!
“Yes, a family, soon to be a family, by the time we annex the Pao and Diao families, the entire Yongle City will be our two families in charge.”
“At that time, the Western Region Apothecary Society will also have to shun our two families for three points ……”
Zhou Si Lang said as he put his arm around Zhen Huan’s shoulder!
Chen Ping listened to the conversation between Zhou Si Lang and Zhen Huan from the side and sighed softly, he didn’t know, whether this Zhen Huan following Zhou Si Lang was truly in love or was it a marriage because of interests!
But by the looks of it, it was more like a marriage, so that the two families’ strength was strengthened, so that they could slowly nibble away at the other two families!
Without even thinking about it, Chen Ping knew that if only the Zhen family and the Zhou family were left in Yongle City as the two big medicine families, there would definitely be an open and shut battle between these two families as well!
By that time, the marriage between Zhen Huan and Zhou Lang would seem so insignificant!
In the secular world, ancient emperors would also marry their daughters to remote tribal leaders in order to buy time to develop!
But in the end, it wasn’t just a meeting of swords. In the eyes of these people, the only thing that’s worth less is family love!
One after another, there were cultivators who had refined pills and started to bring them to Ouyang Wufeng for confirmation, as long as the pills that followed the Pill God Island’s healing were in line, they were considered to have passed the examination!
Many pharmacists passed the test, and then after registering, they waited to go to Pill God Island!
However, there were also some foolish people who surprisingly wouldn’t be able to copy the exam even if it was open-book for him to do so!
Explosions constantly rang out as someone failed to refine a pill!
This kind of one still couldn’t pass, then no one felt pity, they simply deserved it!
This wasn’t even considered a pill master anymore, and there was no need to travel to the pill master conference!
Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng had both refined their pills as well, and since they could pass the examination, they didn’t need to be using their places in the Central Region Pill Masters’ Meeting!