As the crowd watched the fire phoenix directly transform into a phoenix and fly towards Chen Ping, they were all filled with shock!
It was because no one had detected that the Fire Phoenix was actually a beast race, and it was also a divine beast phoenix!
Even that Old Miao was filled with shock!
Soon, the fire phoenix flew to Chen Ping’s side, while Chen Ping rode on the fire phoenix and flew towards the airship!
After flying back to the blimp, the fire phoenix reappeared in its human form!
And this time, the gazes of the crowd towards the Fire Phoenix and Chen Ping were all tinged with a strong sense of incredulity!
Especially Chen Ping, he was only at the strength of the Harmonious Body Realm, but he was able to lure those five-coloured birds away, and he was still unharmed!
One must know that Chen Ping had just been surrounded by those five-coloured birds!
Now that Chen Ping was unharmed, it must be because of the Unbreakable Golden Body that had just played its role!
For a Harmonious Realm cultivator to have this kind of precious armour on his body, it was inevitable that he would not be missed!
At this moment, the gazes of many people looking at Chen Ping were tinged with a bit of greed!
Even that Cai Hongwei’s gaze towards Chen Ping was constantly changing, after all, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body was exposed, directly making everyone greedy!
Among these people, only that Miao Lao had calm eyes as he asked Chen Ping “Little brother, that precious armour you just wore is something from the ancient times? It looks very powerful.”
“I don’t know if it’s an ancient item, it’s also something that someone else sent me.”
Chen Ping said casually, there were some things he did not want to say too much about!
Seeing this, Elder Miao didn’t ask any more questions, but swept a glance at the crowd and said “Since we got rid of the five-coloured bird, let’s continue to set off, I hope that on this trip, all of us will be able to work together.”
“Now that the Southern Domain is in constant strife, especially since the Divine Demon Battlefield in the Heavenly Demon Mountain has been discovered, and all the strongest people from all the domains have set foot there, it’s all the more reason for us to co-operate, and apart from the demonic beasts, we’ll surely encounter other dangers along the way.”
Elder Miao had actually noticed the greed in the gazes of the crowd towards Chen Ping long ago, which was why he said this, which was also considered a warning!
“Elder Miao is right, we must work closely together to ensure maximum safety.”
Cai Hongwei also hurriedly chimed in!
Seeing this, the others also chimed in, and no one dared to refute it!
The airship continued to move forward, while Elder Miao sat beside Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glanced at Elder Miao and looked a little surprised!
He did not understand what Elder Miao was doing by sitting beside him!
“Little brother, no matter what treasures you have on you anymore, try to take them out as little as possible in front of other people, people’s hearts are separated by their bellies, perhaps the treasures you have on you will bring about your own death.”
Elder Miao whispered to Chen Ping!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he said with slight gratitude “Thank you, Miao Lao for reminding me, I will pay attention.”
Chen Ping saw that Miao Lao was a good person, so he reminded again “Miao Lao, your body …………”
Chen Ping didn’t finish his sentence, but saw Miao Lao interrupted him with a wave of his hand, “What kind of body I have, I know myself, I did follow the Demons and was also injured.”
“The Yin Fiend Qi in my body also exists, what you said is not wrong at all, but I can’t show it in front of the crowd, if these people know that I am injured, how will they react?”
“Do you think they will still respect me so much? Even this entire team would fall apart because they all see me as the backbone.”
Elder Miao actually knew everything, only that he had to tough it out in order to do so!
“Then you will die like this.” Chen Ping looked at Miao Lao in disbelief!
“Truth be told, I didn’t go to the Southern Region this time for any treasures, but to find a Thunder Sun Grass to get rid of the Yin Fury in my body.”
“I’ve searched for many pill masters, and I’ve even had Pillfather look at it, and they were all at their wits’ end, which is why I took the risk of going to the Southern Region to give it a try.”
Elder Miao said with a sincere face!