Once Mu Kui heard this, he immediately understood, so he entered the Trial Tower, it was all because of that Blue Yingying’s ghosts, and even used the cudgeling set on himself!
Thinking of this, Mu Kui couldn’t wait to give Lan Yingying a violent beating right now!
“Auntie… That Chen Ping is here, I can feel his aura, this guy is the one that the Demon Sealing Alliance put to death with a hundred year offering, as long as you kill him, you can get the hundred year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“I’ll only tell you about this matter, you mustn’t tell anyone else, in that case, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Years of Offerings will be our Mu Family’s.”
Mu Kui whispered to his aunt!
At this point in time, Mu Kui was actually still thinking about the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings!
However, now that he had arrived at the inner gate of the Guanghan Palace, with his own aunt protecting him, Mu Kui believed that Chen Ping would not be able to kill himself at all!
“What? This guy is the one that the Demon Sealing Alliance is chasing with their Hundred Year Offerings, that’s great!”
Elder Mu smiled coldly before saying, “Hide behind me and see how your aunt will avenge you!”
Mu Kui hid behind Elder Mu, then Chen Ping’s figure appeared before landing in front of Elder Mu!
Elder Mu looked Chen Ping up and down and realised that Chen Ping was only at the third rank of the Transition Realm, he could not help but be a little surprised!
“Kid, were you the one who injured my nephew?”
Elder Mu questioned Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glanced at Mu Kui, who was hiding behind Elder Mu, and nodded, “I didn’t just injure him, I had to kill him ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he chopped down with his sword without hesitation!
The terrifying sword qi unexpectedly went towards that Mu Kui from all directions!
“Daring, in our Guanghan Palace inner gate, in front of me, you still dare to make a move!”
Elder Mu did not expect Chen Ping, a third grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, to be so bold, so he waved his palm, and layers of ice mist instantly appeared around him, directly blocking Chen Ping’s sword Qi!
Chen Ping looked at that Elder Mu, he knew that he had to go all out and find a way to kill this Mu Kui before he could do so!
Otherwise, this Mu Kui would definitely expose his identity.
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Slashing Sword, and a terrifying aura continued to permeate his body!
The sky and the earth instantly darkened as if it was the end of the world, the dark clouds in the sky suddenly covered the sky, and the entire Guanghan Palace was shrouded in black clouds!
Everyone was shocked as they looked at the suddenly changed sky, one by one!
Within the black clouds, lightning flashed and thunder roared, while Chen Ping’s body slowly floated, surrounded by lightning as well, following the echo of the lightning in the black clouds!
Within Chen Ping’s eyes, a light slowly came out!
The lightning origin within his body continued to diffuse outwards!
A streak of lightning appeared and disappeared, and soon all the lightning was converging towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping slowly raised his palm and then pressed down towards Mu Kui!
The crowd saw that lightning flashed above Chen Ping’s palm, and all the surrounding lightning was gathering towards his palm!
Chen Ping’s palm was like a vortex, constantly absorbing the surrounding lightning!
“What kind of gong method is this, it’s terrifying!”
“Is it possible for a third rank of the Transition Realm to be able to perform this kind of gong method?”
Everyone tilted their heads and looked at Chen Ping!
That Lan Yingying was even more shocked, she could not have imagined that Chen Ping would give her shock after shock!
Was this still that little cultivator of the third rank of the Ferrying Realm that she despised?
Elder Mu, on the other hand, frowned as a bad premonition surged in his heart, and he hurriedly protected Mu Kui to death behind him!
“Running Thunder Palm ……”
Chen Ping swung down with a palm!
In the centre of his palm, the power of thunder roared down, instantly cutting through the void!
With the addition of the Thunder Rushing Palm, the power was directly doubled with the addition of the Thunder Origin!
As the thunder blasted down, Elder Mu waved his hand violently, and a wall of ice rose up to encase Mu Kui!