“This has nothing to do with you, it’s that Qin Feng who deserves to die, and you don’t have to blame yourself so much, I’ll be fine ……”
Chen Ping comforted Gu Ling’er, telling her not to blame herself so much.
“Chen Ping, teach me to cultivate ……” At this moment, Su Yuqi suddenly looked at Chen Ping and said, “I don’t want to be a vase, I want to be a woman who can help you… …”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi with some surprise, not understanding why Su Yuqi was suddenly saying this, someone must have said something to Su Yuqi.
“Didn’t I say that practicing is very hard, besides you can just follow Ling’er and learn two moves to strengthen your body, who said you are a vase, you are the most perfect woman in my heart ……”
Chen Ping said with a look of compa*sion as he stroked Su Yuqi’s head.
“No, I want to cultivate, I want to become even stronger than you, let me protect you in the future ……”
Su Yuqi’s face was firm and not a joke.
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi like that and was moved inwardly, but although he had now entered the Purgatory realm, he did not know how to bring people into the immortal cultivation realm at all, nor did he know how to teach people to cultivate.
In fact, Chen Ping had also had the intention of letting Su Yuqi cultivate before, after all, Chen Ping himself was an immortal cultivator, and as his realm rose, although he could not achieve immortality, it was not a problem to live for one or two hundred years.
But by that time, Su Yuqi was afraid that she would have long since died of old age. To be able to follow Su Yuqi and grow old together, the only way was to let Su Yuqi step into the immortal cultivation world as well, only that unfortunately Chen Ping did not have the strength to teach people yet.
“I can’t teach right now, wait until I find you a master, you are learning to cultivate, I believe that with your qualifications, you are definitely better than me ……”
Although Chen Ping could not teach, but at this moment he thought of someone, that was Long Wu, since Long Wu was willing to help himself in this way, then begging him to teach Su Yuqi to cultivate, Chen Ping believed that Long Wu should not refuse.
“I also want to learn ……”
Hearing this, Gu Ling’er said hurriedly.
Gu Ling’er left and followed Chen Ping just because she wanted Chen Ping to teach her, only that after such a long time, Chen Ping had not taught her even a single move or half a style.
Looking at Gu Ling’er, Chen Ping sighed helplessly, “Good, when the time comes, I will give you all a talk together ……”
Chen Ping followed Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er until almost noon, because most of the spirit stones were consumed, Chen Ping also had no spirit energy to cultivate, in order to keep the two of them from being in a depressed mood, Chen Ping then followed the two of them in a landlord fight, the kind of sticker notes on the face, soon Chen Ping was stuck with a face full of notes, causing Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to laugh out loud, their mood was obviously much better.
Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng listened to the loud laughter inside the room, the two of them looked at each other and could only admire how big Chen Ping’s heart was, he was about to follow a duel with a martial arts expert and was still in the mood to have fun.
“No more playing, it’s always you two who win, it’s noon, let’s go eat ……”
Chen Ping intended to follow Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to go out to eat, although now Su Yuqi cooked somewhat like, but to achieve the colour and flavor, there is still a lot to be done.
“What? You don’t like my cooking and you want to go out to eat?”
Su Yuqi asked to Chen Ping.
“No, I’m not afraid that you’ll get tired ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained, in fact, Chen Ping just didn’t like the food in his heart, but unfortunately he didn’t dare to say it.
“Not tired at all, Ling’er help, we two cook, you just sit on the sofa for a while ……”
Su Yuqi pulled Gu Ling’er and went to the kitchen.
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only sit back helplessly, he could only pray that this time Su Yuqi’s cooking would taste better.
Just as Chen Ping was sitting down and preparing to start the meal, his mobile phone suddenly rang.
Seeing the number on the phone, it turned out to be from He Zhigang, which made Chen Ping feel very surprised.