“Take me into the cave, I have something to ask you ……”
Chen Ping allowed the Jiao Long to take himself into the cave!
After all, Chen Ping’s identity, not wanting too many people to know, could only go into the cave and follow the Jiao Dragon to talk!
After hearing this, the Jiao Dragon immediately brought Chen Ping into the cave!
When he got inside the cave, Chen Ping realised that at the bottom of this cave, there was actually a cave that went straight underground!
This augur was right there underground and had sealed the cave, so Chen Ping and the others entered inside the cave, which had nothing in it, and quickly made their way to the bottom of the cave!
“What are you?” Jiao Long asked to Chen Ping!
“You don’t need to care what I am, I’m asking you now, just answer truthfully, if you satisfy me, I can enlighten you a bit and make you a true dragon.”
Chen Ping said with a lofty expression!
After hearing this, the dragon immediately said politely “You ask, I will definitely know everything ……”
“How did you become like this? Did you absorb Immortal Qi to become a Jiao Dragon?”
Chen Ping asked directly!
“Yes, I used to be nothing more than a Red Chained Snake, and I stumbled upon the boulder that possessed Immortal Qi, so I’ve been absorbing Immortal Qi to cultivate.”
“After so many years, I have been stuck at the Ascension Realm, never being able to truly turn into a dragon and ascend.”
The dragon said truthfully!
“Is that Immortal Qi Monolith still there?” Chen Ping asked!
“In!” The Jiao Dragon nodded!
“Take me to see ……” Chen Ping was curious to know what the Immortal Qi Stone that could make a small Red Chained Snake turn into a Jiao Dragon was like!
The Jiao Dragon led Chen Ping and began to drill towards the bottom of the bottomless cavern!
After an unknown amount of time, a red colour began to appear before Chen Ping’s eyes.
It turned out that it was magma, and the red magma was boiling at a temperature of thousands of degrees!
However, Chen Ping’s body was not afraid of it, even if it was the temperature of the Devil’s Supreme Fire, Chen Ping’s body could withstand it, the magma was nothing!
Chen Ping saw that in the centre of the magma, a huge stone was immersed in the magma, the huge stone was so big that it was more than enough for the dragon to coil on top of it!
“Such a large Immortal Qi stone?”
Chen Ping said with some surprise!
“Of course, how else could it have been available for me to absorb for so many years, but now there is very little Immortal Qi left within this boulder, if I can’t make use of this Immortal Qi to ascend, I’m afraid that I’ll forever be stuck in this current state.”
Jiao Long said in a very despondent manner!
Chen Ping looked at the Immortal Qi boulder in front of him and leapt onto it, then realised that the Immortal Qi emanating from within that boulder was the same as the one he had found within the Ice Spirit Fragment in the Far North!
Although the Immortal Qi within the boulder was not much for the Jiao Long, it was nearly depleted!
But for Chen Ping, it was a great treasure, and it was estimated that he would have no problem breaking through a small realm!
It was important to know that the resources needed for Chen Ping to break through a minor realm was several times or even dozens of times that of other people!
“Your current strength is completely capable of ascending, you’re just stuck on perception, after all, you’re not a true Dragon Race, even if you have a few bits of Dragon Qi in your body, it’s not pure!”
“I will now pass on some pure dragon qi to you, and then you will sense it, when you truly sense everything about the dragon race, I believe you will be able to ascend into a true dragon race.”
Chen Ping said to the Jiao Dragon!
“Many thanks …………”
The Jiao Dragon transformed into a fluttering man as his body shifted and knelt down directly in front of Chen Ping!
No matter what Chen Ping’s identity was, that Dragon Crystal in his body was real, and there was also that pure Dragon Qi!
So the Jiao Long didn’t need to ask much to know that Chen Ping was definitely a member of the Dragon Clan!
To be able to receive the enlightenment of a true dragon, this was also considered the Jiao Long’s good fortune!
Chen Ping gently pressed one of his hands on the head of the Jiao dragon, and a wave of dragon qi entered the body of the Jiao dragon!