“My lord, array deduction, is very consuming of divine sense, and if I encounter danger after my deduction, it would be difficult for me to resist.”
Elder Chu politely rebuffed Zuo Xuan!
Formation deduction was a type of formation that particularly depleted divine sense, and after the deduction was completed, one would have to rest for a long time to recover!
But in this dangerous Heavenly Demon Mountain, if you engage in formation deduction, it will be troublesome if you encounter danger!
“Uncle Chu, you’re being too cautious, there are two helmsmen around, and I’m now at the fifth rank of the Transition Realm strength, even if I encounter danger I’ll be able to defend myself, you’ll deduce it right away.”
Although Zuo Xuan shouted Uncle Chu, but his tone was very stern, obviously carrying a meaning that cannot be refuted!
Seeing this, Elder Chu could only let out a light sigh, and then said to the two helmsmen, “You watch over the Gongzi, there absolutely can’t be any blunders ……”
“As you command ……,” the two helmsmen nodded!
Elder Chu looked for an open space, took out from his body a thing similar to a gossip mirror and put it on the ground, followed by drawing a pattern on the ground around the gossip mirror!
The pattern was more than an inch deep into the ground, it looked messy, and there was no way to know what was being drawn!
Immediately after Chu Elder bit his finger, put a drop of blood on that gossip mirror!
Buzz …………
The Eight Trigrams Mirror emitted a red light, and Elder Chu sat on his knees, reciting words under his breath!
Soon the red light emitted by the Bagua mirror began to vaguely appear patterns!
Along with the pattern becoming clearer and clearer, the figures of Chen Ping and the others appeared inside!
“My lord, this guy is Chen Ping ……”
Elder Fei said as he pointed at Chen Ping in the picture!
However, Zuo Xuan’s gaze was not placed on Chen Ping, but was dead set on the three girls in the team, Fire Phoenix, Cai Qian Nan and Miao Miao!
The three girls had outstanding looks and their bodies were all different, causing Zuo Xuan’s eyes to go straight!
Elder Fei also closed his mouth when he saw Zuo Xuan in that state!
“Gongzi, they have already arrived at the Heavenly Demon Mountain ……”
Elder Chu finished speaking and was about to stop casting spells!
After all, the longer the spell casting time, the greater the loss to his divine sense, the longer it would take to recover!
“Uncle Chu, don’t stop, I’m observing ……”
Zuo Xuan did not allow Elder Chu to stop, his eyes staring at the three girls in the picture!
Zuo Xuan constantly licked his lips, and the flame of desire began to rise inside!
Elder Chu didn’t know that Zuo Xuan was trying to look at the women, so he gritted his teeth and held on!
And at this time, Chen Ping, who had walked into the Heavenly Demon Mountain, they did not know that they were being spied on!
But soon, Chen Ping suddenly stopped his steps and immediately looked up into the sky!
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?” Cai Hongwei asked in confusion when he saw Chen Ping stop!
“It seems like we are being spied on.” Chen Ping said with a frown!
“Who is it?”
Cai Hongwei hurriedly looked around, and the others were instantly alert as well!
“There’s no need to be nervous, the other party is using a formation to push through, I’m afraid it’s a long way away from us right now.”
Chen Ping said!
“Formation deduction? This kind of ancient formation technique is very draining of divine sense, who on earth is projecting us? There’s nothing on us that’s worth prying into?”
Elder Miao asked suspiciously!
“I’m not sure, but since the other party is projecting us, they must be carrying hostile intentions, so everyone should be careful.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and swung his palms violently!
A breath shot straight up into the sky, followed by the breath exploding with a roar.
As for Elder Chu, who was in the formation deduction, at the same time that the breath exploded, a mouthful of blood was violently sprayed out, and the picture above the Bagua Mirror instantly disappeared!
“Elder Chu, are you alright?”
Seeing this, the two helmsmen rushed forward to ask!
Elder Chu’s face was a little pale as he shook his head, “I’m fine ……”