Chen Ping looked at the waiter and knew that this waiter was just an ordinary person, he must not know what these people were doing to go, so he took out a stack of money from his pocket, thousands of dollars, and stuffed it into the waiter’s hand.
“Brother, you help me find a room, I’ll stay one night and then leave ……”
Chen Ping did not want to go around looking for a hotel again, if this hotel did not have a room, he was afraid that other hotels would be the same.
The waiter had a difficult face: “This …… we really don’t have any rooms here, our manager can’t even find a vacant room right now ……”
Although the waiter said this, but his eyes were fixed on the money in his hand, obviously wanting to earn the thousand yuan given by Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly took out another stack of money, this time supposedly thousands, and handed it directly to the waiter.
“Brother help ……,” Chen Ping said with a smile.
The waiter looked at the thick stack of notes in his hand, his eyes were straight, and finally gritted his teeth and said, “Sir, there really is no room, but if you don’t mind, you can sleep in our dormitory, don’t worry, just you live alone, the dormitory inside its colleagues, I have driven out …… ”
“OK, a place to sleep on it!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly: “Brother, do you have food here, help me get some food!”
“Yes there is …… you sit down now for a while, I’ll go prepare it right away ……”
The waiter hurriedly went to prepare the food.
It seems that money is really good, looking at the waiter’s happy appearance, Chen Ping found a corner and sat down.
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.
Qin Xiaotian of the Qin family in Kyoto. Ever since Chen Ping killed Qin Xiaolin, he had not seen anyone from the Qin family, and he had not seen the Qin family seeking revenge on him.
Qin Xiaotian was sitting at the table with a man who looked very similar to him, while behind them were several Qin family subordinates, all of whom were surprisingly at the strength of a Grand Master.
Chen Ping slowly turned his head to prevent Qin Xiaotian from seeing him, so as not to cause unnecessary trouble; Chen Ping did not want to cause any trouble now, he only wanted to go to Nameless Island.
Chen Ping put his ears up and listened carefully to their conversation, with Chen Ping’s current strength, he could clearly hear the content of the two men’s quiet conversation even if they were tens of metres apart.
“Second brother, this island of whatever you’re talking about, is it really that magical? Is there really a giant dragon on it? I’ve never seen a real dragon even when I was growing up, this can’t all be a legend, right?”
At this time, Qin Xiaotian’s voice came clearly into Chen Ping’s ears.
Only then did Chen Ping realise that the person sitting with Qin Xiaotian was Qin Xiaoxian, Qin Xiaotian’s second brother.
“I don’t know if there is a true dragon, but there must be exotic beasts on that Dragon Lock Island, if I can get a beast elixir, it will be very helpful for me to practice my kung fu.
”
Qin Xiaoxian’s eyes were full of anticipation as he said.
“Second brother, tell me about the Qin family land, I heard that the Qin family there are all immortals and can fly into the sky and earth, are you now an immortal too?”
Qin Xiaotian looked like a young student, hoping that Qin Xiaoxian would tell him about the Qin family land.
Qin Xiaoxian’s eyes faintly stared, “How many times have I told you, don’t pry into things you shouldn’t pry into, it won’t do you any good if you know too much!”
Seeing that his second brother was angry, Qin Xiaotian hurriedly nodded his head, “I know ……”
After a few moments of silence in the conversation between the two, Qin Xiaotian spoke again, “Second brother, big brother was killed by that Chen Ping, are you going to some dragon lock island this time, so that you can get the beast pellet and kill that Chen Ping and take revenge on big brother?”
“Hmph, to kill him, why do I need to get the beast pellet, only this time, going to the Locked Dragon Island is the old clan chief’s wish, I must first complete the old clan chief’s explanation before I can go and seek revenge on that Chen Ping ……”
Qin Xiaoxian coldly snorted, clearly not putting Chen Ping in his eyes.