“What’s going on? How come the pressure is suddenly gone?”
“It’s not hot anymore, it’s so relaxing!”
“Did the test level fail?”
The crowd suddenly felt that the pressure was gone, and they all became surprised!
Even Qian Xiu was stunned and said with some incredulity, “How could this be, could it be that the test barrier laid down is broken?”
“Senior sister, no matter what, while there is no pressure now, we’d better hurry up and go, or else we’ll be left too far behind.”
Chen Ping hurriedly urged!
“Right, let’s speed up!”
Qian Xiu nodded!
Without the pressure, the speed of the crowd increased exceptionally fast, and without much of a moment, they caught up with Lu San and the others!
“Senior Lu, look, how did those guys catch up?”
Someone spotted Chen Ping and the others and hurriedly reminded them!
Lu San turned his head to look, and sure enough, he saw Chen Ping and the others approaching quickly!
And it was so fast that it looked like they were about to overtake them!
“Holy sh*t, what’s going on here?”
Lu San was also a little confused!
Just then, Chen Ping and the others had caught up, while Qian Xiu looked at Lu San with a cold smile, “Why are you so slow, following the tortoise, weren’t you guys very proud of yourselves just now?”
“Hahaha, turtle like ……”
“Too slow, on this still bragging about it!”
The other cultivators also mocked at Lu San and the others!
“Qian Xiu, you guys cheated, how come the pressure here doesn’t seem to have any effect on you?”
Lu San realised that Chen Ping and the rest of them, who were very fast and relaxed, were clearly not subjected to the mighty pressure at all!
“You fart, it is clearly this examination level …………”
Qian Xiu didn’t finish her sentence, but Chen Ping reminded from the side, “Senior sister, the barrier didn’t fail, look at Lu San those people, although their speed wasn’t slow, they obviously used up a lot of spiritual energy!”
Qian Xiu took a closer look, and sure enough, Lu San and the others, at the moment, were also red-faced, with sweat on their foreheads!
Although they were fast, that should just be a result of their strength and resistance to the pressure, it wasn’t that the barrier had failed and the pressure was gone!
Qian Xiu was taken aback, luckily she didn’t say it just now!
“Lu San, you couldn’t beat us, so you say we cheated, do you want to be shameless?”
“Just now, you guys but surpassed us, so is it okay for me to say that you cheated?”
Qian Xiu retorted Lu San, and transmitted his voice to the crowd, telling them to hurry up and act like they ate pain!
Otherwise, if they walked too easily, they would indeed be suspected easily!
If they were really investigated, they were afraid that this qualification for the examination would be gone!
Hearing Qian Xiu’s voice transmission, the crowd all grimaced, their foreheads covered in sweat, acting very eaten up!
However, the speed of their feet was not slow!
Looking at the crowd that way, Chen Ping wanted to laugh, these guys were really good at acting!
The crowd was acting strenuously, but they soon surpassed Lu San and the others, which infuriated Lu San!
“Senior Lu, what is going on here? When did these guys become so powerful?”
“That’s right, the pressure is getting stronger and stronger, and they’re even able to go that fast.”
“What a living hell ……”
The people on Lu San’s side were all filled with puzzlement!
Obviously, they were a little stronger, but the other side was faster than them!
“Maybe the stronger the strength, the greater the pressure, let’s hurry up and chase!”
Lu San didn’t know what was going on and could only guess wildly!
Chen Ping and the others at this moment, had long since lost their figure, Lu San and the others were unable to catch up!
“Hahaha, just now watching Lu San and the others in that awkward state was so enjoyable.”
“Since the barrier isn’t broken, why don’t we have the pressure?”
“That’s really strange, could it be that the heavens are helping us?”
At this time, the crowd remembered that the barrier was fine, why they couldn’t feel the mighty pressure.
There was even speculation that the heavens helped!