The current Zhou Feng looked as terrifying as a humanoid beast, with his eyes protruding forward!
Seeing this scene, Ji Ru Xue was so frightened that she hurriedly buried her head deep into Chen Ping’s chest.
Zhou Yu looked at this appearance of Zhou Feng beside him, his eyes were filled with a bit of panic and unease, and his face had a hesitant expression!
“What are you waiting for? Waiting for us all to be killed?”
Zhou Feng looked at Zhou Yu, his voice trembling like a flood of bells, and with a madness in his eyes!
Zhou Yu sighed helplessly, then also pulled out the same red pill bottle, and after opening the cap, drank the liquid inside in one go.
Soon, Zhou Yu’s body size was also changing, and in the end it was exactly the same as Zhou Feng’s!
Facing the two monster-like people, there was contempt in Chen Ping’s eyes!
“Strength is not good, it is not good, even if you take the Immortal Pill, you will not escape death ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly.
Now Chen Ping was a Martial Marquis and had a YuanYing inside his body, as long as the YuanYing did not die, his own flesh would be immortal and Chen Ping would not die!
This was Chen Ping’s greatest strength, and with the experience from his battle with Zhu Zhi Shan and his resurrection, Chen Ping was now much more confident.
“Good, then let’s show you our true strength ……”
Zhou Feng’s face was full of fierceness as his body moved, following that Zhou Yu in unison as he charged towards Chen Ping, his speed surprisingly several times faster than before.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was unhurried, his five fingers bent and clenched into a fist, his fist wrapped in the power of the divine dragon, emitting a heaven-destroying aura, his entire fist filled with golden light, causing the entire heaven and earth to lose its colour!
Chen Ping was going to resist the two men’s attack with one fist!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry!
Immediately afterwards a terrifying force spread in all directions with Chen Ping as the centre, and the entire other villas of the Zhou Family began to shake and collapse.
One by one, the villas collapsed without exception, even if they were a hundred meters away from each other.
In the blink of an eye, the entire Zhou family became a ruin!
Seeing the scene in front of them caused Zhou Feng and Zhou Yu both to be horrified!
In their pupils, all they could see was a golden fist that was infinitely enlarging, as if it was going to cover the sky.
Sensing the aura of death, the two men were terrified and hurriedly used all their strength to throw a punch in unison, while at the same time, they urged their energy to form a barrier around them, trying to block the power of Chen Ping’s punch.
Boom!
But the next moment!
Chen Ping’s fist wind carried a devastating force, directly shattering the barrier of the two, and finally smashed heavily on that Zhou Feng’s body.
Poof!
Only to see Zhou Feng’s body, without the slightest sign, instantly being blasted into a cloud of blood mist, not even a crumb could be seen.
Seeing the scene before him, Zhou Yu was dumbfounded, covered in Zhou Feng’s blood, standing there in a daze!
And that Xiao Da, who was not far away, even sat down directly on the ground, and along his trouser legs, yellow liquid flowed all over the ground!
Soon, Zhou Yu reacted, even after taking the potion, they were still not able to fight back in the slightest in front of Chen Ping.
As for the rest of the Zhou family, he would not care anymore!
With this in mind, Zhou Yu turned around and ran away, his violent desire to live made him wish he could grow a hundred feet.
Looking at the fleeing Zhou Yu, Chen Ping snorted coldly, and with Ji Ruxue in his arms, he leapt and went straight to the middle of the air!
Immediately afterwards, he slapped out his palm, and Zhou Yu’s body just leapt up and exploded in mid-air, filling the sky with a rain of blood.
The smell of blood was so thick that it made people gag.
Ji Ruxue in Chen Ping’s arms once again buried her head a little deeper ……
Xiao Da was dumbfounded, completely dumbfounded!
If there were pills of regret for sale in the world, he would be willing to buy them at any price.