“Brother Chen Ping, what’s the hurry? You haven’t eaten lunch yet, have you? Why don’t you have your meal first?”
He Zhigang didn’t expect Chen Ping to be in such a hurry, rushing here without even eating.
“There’s no time for that, we’re leaving now ……”
Chen Ping pulled up He Zhigang and left.
Just as he went out, he ran into the two sisters, Gu Yuyao and Gu Yufei, both of whom were stunned when they saw Chen Ping.
In the blink of an eye, it had been a while since they had seen Chen Ping, and when they suddenly saw him again in Yuncheng, Gu Yuyao’s heart, which had already calmed down, had some ripples again.
“Brother-in-law, when did you come? Where is my sister Yuqi?”
Gu Yufei was happy to see Chen Ping, so she asked.
“Your sister isn’t here, I came over to find Brother Chen for something ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he pulled He Zhigang and left, because time was too tight and he didn’t have the effort to follow this sister and her small talk.
Gu Yuyao saw Chen Ping pa*sing by herself and wanted to open her mouth to say something, but she still didn’t say it.
“Yu Yao, you should follow Yu Fei and eat first, don’t wait for me, I’ll accompany brother Chen Ping and come back after I finish my business ……”
He Zhigang said after Gu Yuyao.
Gu Yuyao did not say anything, but quietly watched Chen Ping’s back get into the car, until the car was no longer in sight, Gu Yuyao did not move a muscle.
Once at the Wei family’s home in the provincial capital, Gu Yuyao was scared to death, she was ready to die, but just when she was desperate, Chen Ping’s figure appeared, she could never forget the scene when Chen Ping appeared.
“Sister, you and that Chen Ping are not in the same boat, don’t be thinking about anything, not to mention that Chen Ping is still Sister Yu Qi’s boyfriend, you can’t steal from Sister Yu Qi, right?”
Gu Yu Fei had actually seen Gu Yuyao’s psychology a long time ago, from the time Gu Yuyao was rescued by Chen Ping from the Wei family in the provincial capital, Gu Yuyao had changed a lot.
Originally, Gu Yuyao and He Zhigang had a good relationship, but since then, the two had often quarrelled, and Gu Yuyao had often compared He Zhigang with Chen Ping, only that after a long time, Gu Yuyao’s feelings for Chen Ping had become fainter and fainter, after all, the two had no possibility and could not see each other.
But just when Gu Yuyao was about to forget Chen Ping, Chen Ping suddenly appeared in front of her again, which made Gu Yuyao’s heart ripple.
“Let’s go in and eat ……”
Gu Yuyao herself knew that after this meeting, she and Chen Ping did not know when they would see each other again, and perhaps they would never see each other again.
But at this moment, Chen Ping did not know what Gu Yuyao was thinking, he only thought of hurrying to see this 10,000 year old ginseng king, no matter what method he used, he must get this 10,000 year old ginseng king, in the end, even if it was robbed, Chen Ping would not let go of this opportunity.
After arriving at Renhe Hall, Zhou Zhiqian had long been informed by He Zhigang, and brought someone to stand at the door to greet Chen Ping, to know that Chen Ping’s Little Returning Pill, could make him a lot of money, Chen Ping for him that was the God of Wealth.
“Mr. Chen …………”
Zhou Zhiqian personally went forward and opened the car door for Chen Ping.
“Zhou Zhiqian, the matter of the 10,000 year ginseng king, is it true?”
Chen Ping asked anxiously as soon as he stepped out of the car.
“It’s true, this ten thousand year old ginseng king was discovered by the Shen family in the northeast, but the Shen family is not in the medicinal herb business, so they put out the word that they want to find a suitable seller ……”
Zhou Zhiqian said with certainty.
Seeing that Zhou Zhiqian was so sure, Chen Ping’s heart finally dropped, since it was true, it would be good.
“You go with me to the northeast right now, when we take this 10,000 year old ginseng king, there will definitely be no shortage of benefits for you ……”
Chen Ping said eagerly.
“Good, to serve Mr. Chen, how dare I mention any benefits!” Zhou Zhiqian said, taking out a few airline tickets from his arms, “I have already booked the tickets in advance, just waiting for Mr. Chen to come over ……”
When Chen Ping saw this, he was happy, but he had to admire this Zhou Zhiqian’s sophistication, no wonder a foreigner could make a living in Yuncheng.
Chen Ping took Zhou Zhiqian and Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng to the airport, and He Zhigang did not follow.