Xu Song was also frowning, full of confusion, clearly when they left, there were still thousands of beast pills here.
How could it be that in just a month or so, it had become empty?
“Brother Xu, could it be that another clan and family has sneaked into this place and stolen these beast pills?”
Someone asked to Song Xu.
Xu Song nodded, “It’s possible ……”
After all, during the last trial, many people from clan families knew about this place, so it wasn’t impossible for them to sneak in here and take the beast pills without fear of danger.
“Let’s go, let’s quickly go back and report to the alliance master, this matter is not trivial ……”
Xu Song knew that this was a big matter.
If these beast pills were really obtained by a clan and family, it wouldn’t be long before the Kyoto martial dao world was afraid that it would be reshuffled again.
After all, with such a large amount of resources, there was no telling how many experts could be cultivated.
But just as Xu Song and the others were about to leave, they all suddenly stopped, and then turned their heads with a puzzled expression.
This was because they found an aura that instantly locked onto them, causing them to not dare to move around.
When the four men turned around and saw that it was Chen Ping who had come out of hiding, they were all astonished!
“Chen Ping, you’re not dead?”
Xu Song said with shock in his eyes.
“If you people are still alive, how can I be dead ……”
Chen Ping’s face was gloomy, killing intent streaked across his body!
These four guys had all relied on the blood from Su Yuqi’s body to raise their strength.
Thinking of the suffering Su Yuqi, Chen Ping hated these four fellows to the bone!
Feeling the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, all four of them also became very cautious!
“Brothers, let’s go together, kill this Chen Ping, carry his head back, the Alliance Master will definitely reward us heavily ……”
Xu Song said to the other three.
The three men nodded, then their Qi energy erupted and they attacked together towards Chen Ping!
All four of them were at the Martial Marquis realm, and with the four of them joining forces, their strength had increased even more!
“Humph, unknowing fellows ……”
Chen Ping coldly snorted, followed by a slight tremor of his body, and a terrifying spiritual energy burst out.
Now that Chen Ping had stepped into the third realm of YuanYing, his strength had doubled, and before the four of Xu Song could reach Chen Ping, they were shaken away by that terrifying spiritual power.
“You …………”
Xu Song looked at Chen Ping with some horror, his face full of incredulity!
In just over a month, Chen Ping’s strength had actually increased to such a terrifying level!
“Chen Ping, you’re trapped here, you can’t escape at all without a boat, why don’t we make a deal, you let us go while we take you back to land ……”
Xu Song felt the terror of Chen Ping’s aura and began to follow Chen Ping to negotiate a deal!
“Kill you all, the ship is mine just the same, I can go back just the same ……”
Chen Ping looked coldly at the four men, the icy aura on his body becoming more and more rampant!
In the next second, Chen Ping opened his hand, and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand, at this moment, the Dragon Cutting Sword was constantly emitting a humming sound under the augmentation of the power of the divine Dragon.
The sword spirit within the Zenglong Sword had surprisingly grown along with Chen Ping’s strength.
The Dragon Chopping Sword emitted a bloodthirsty humming sound, as if it was desperately craving for blood!
Seeing this, the four men also hastily flashed their weapons and looked at Chen Ping with a grave expression.
“I have a sword that can cut through all things ……”
Chen Ping said, stepping forward and then cutting through the air with his sword.
The terrifying sword aura instantly brought up a soaring wind and headed directly towards the four people!
Seeing this, Xu Song shouted, holding a short black blade, instantly blocking it out!
The other three also stepped forward, their bodies bursting out with a terrifying energy, blocking Chen Ping’s sword mane!