As for Chen Ping, he had already known that Elder Mu would make a move to stop it, and he could not possibly be a match for that Elder Mu right now, so at the same time that Chen Ping was executing the Running Thunder Palm, his other hand had already taken the clock in his hand!
With a swing of the Running Thunder Palm, the clock in Chen Ping’s hand also began to emit light and the hands began to turn!
As the time spell was activated, everything around them instantly began to slow down, the flow of time was almost stopped!
Elder Mu was startled, she suddenly felt that the time around her was stagnant, the spells that she was casting, unexpectedly began to become very slow, pulling up a wall of ice that was slowly rising!
In the eyes of the surrounding crowd, it was as if Elder Mu and the others had been stood still, no one knew what was going on!
Chen Ping’s Running Thunder Palm, however, was not affected and slapped Mu Kui’s body with a loud bang!
Mu Kui’s eyes were wide with disbelief!
He thought that when he reached the inner gate of the Guanghan Palace, with his aunt’s protection, he would not be in danger!
But now, he was directly slapped on by Chen Ping!
In shock, Mu Kui slowly collapsed to the ground, how could he, who had already suffered a huge drop in strength, withstand this terrifying blow from Chen Ping!
Mu Kui slowly closed his eyes, before he died he seemed to see his aunt calling out to him!
“Kui’er, Kui’er …………”
Elder Mu looked at the dead Mu Kui, his eyes were wide with rage as he desperately shouted!
But Mu Kui was already dead and could no longer be heard!
At this moment, the passage of time had also returned to normal long ago.
The crowd looked at the dead Mu Kui in shock!
Lan Yingying’s face was stupefied!
She did not expect that Chen Ping would even kill Mu Kui in front of Elder Mu!
How is this possible?
Elder Mu was at the peak of the Transition Realm and was about to ascend to the Mahayana Realm!
How on earth did he, a third ranked cultivator of the Transitional Appearance Realm, manage to do that?
Under the protection of a peak Transition realm expert, he also killed a seventh rank Transition realm cultivator!
This was unscientific!
The other cultivators were also very shocked at this moment, and they were all silent!
In the beginning, they had all looked down on Chen Ping, who was only at the third rank of the Transitional Appearance realm!
But with the next scene, they knew that they were dog-eyed!
“You killed my nephew, you must die, you must die ……”
Elder Mu stared angrily at Chen Ping, his face gloomy to the extreme.
One must know that their Mu Family was also considered a powerful family, and she was even a Guanghan Palace Elder, but she never thought that Chen Ping would dare to lay hands on her nephew!
Elder Mu waved her hand, and the heaven and earth trembled as countless cold qi was like a torrent of water, constantly gathering towards Elder Mu!
Cultivating the Ice Technique, she was like a fish out of water in the land of this Broad Cold Palace, and was more than capable of exerting her power!
The cold air around her continued to gather, and in the end, it was directly smashed out by Elder Mu’s fist!
Boom!
Terrifying cold qi erupted, like a tsunami rushing towards Chen Ping!
All four directions were sealed off by the cold Qi, leaving Chen Ping with no way of retreat at all!
Chen Ping frowned as a sense of crisis struck his entire body!
Chen Ping did not have the confidence to carry off a strike from the peak of the Ferrying Realm!
Chen Ping, who did not dare to be the slightest bit careless, his Unbreakable Golden Body instantly activated, and his entire body was covered in golden scales!
A fierce colour stirred in his eyes, and the Dragon Crystal in front of his chest flickered with light!
The terrifying cold aura around them had approached, and finally wrapped Chen Ping directly up!
Chen Ping’s body instantly formed frost, even with the Unbreakable Golden Body protecting his body, Chen Ping felt the piercing coldness!
However, in the blink of an eye, Chen Ping’s entire body was directly frozen!
At this moment, Chen Ping was like an ice sculpture, fighting motionless in place!
Facing a peak Transition Realm powerhouse, he really didn’t have the power to fight back, and if he hadn’t secretly used a time magic weapon at the beginning, he wouldn’t have been able to kill that Mu Kui at all!