Chen Ping was not going to let the Xin family escape a single person.
Xin Pengfei’s eyes widened, “Chen Ping, you …… are not dead?”
“Of course I’m not dead, not only am I not dead, but my strength has also increased by a lot, can’t you feel it?”
Chen Ping’s body shook slightly, and a terrifying pressure instantly descended from the sky!
Xin Pengfei only felt his heart tighten, and a mouthful of fresh blood almost didn’t come out.
However, Xin Pengfei stiffly held it back, but his legs trembled.
The rest of the Xin family did not have the same ability as Xin Pengfei, and under Chen Ping’s terrifying pressure, each of them burst into flames with their eyes wide open ……
The blood gas instantly filled the air over the entire Xin family, and Xin Pengfei looked at the tragic death of these Xin family children, people are dumb.
Chen Ping indifferently relied on the momentum of his might to easily kill these people, so it was evident that Chen Ping’s strength had improved a lot.
“Chen Ping, since you are not dead, you should find a place to hide, yet you openly ran to my house to kill people, aren’t you afraid that the Martial Alliance will know about it?”
Xin Pengfei questioned at Chen Ping.
“Why should I be afraid? This time, I want to completely eradicate the Kyoto Martial Alliance ……”
Chen Ping said with a slight gaze in his eyes.
Xin Pengfei looked at Chen Ping and knew that it would be very difficult to make things right today, so he gritted his teeth and his aura exploded, followed by the whistling wind of his fist in his hand, and took the lead in striking at Chen Ping.
Xin Pengfei was able to reach the Martial Marquis realm at a young age, so he was no match for ordinary people, and his fist was incomparably fierce, with all his energy condensed on it.
Chen Ping looked at the incoming Xin Pengfei and the corners of his mouth curled up in a disdainful smile!
Then with a gentle lift of his hand, he directly caught Xin Pengfei’s fist. Xin Pengfei was startled and tried to withdraw it, but found his fist was squeezed tightly by Chen Ping.
Ka ka ka ka …………
All that could be heard was a cracking sound of bones, and Xin Pengfei’s face showed a pained expression, full of grimace!
“The moment you confronted me, you should have thought of today ……”
Chen Ping pushed so hard that Xin Pengfei’s fist instantly crumbled, causing Xin Pengfei to wince in pain!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping smacked Xin Pengfei on the face, sending him flying.
Xin Pengfei’s mouth full of teeth was spat out and blood was dripping from the corners of his mouth!
At this moment, he finally knew the difference between himself and Chen Ping, in front of Chen Ping, he did not have the slightest power to fight back.
Poof ……
Xin Pengfei knelt down in front of Chen Ping in one go.
“Chen Ping, Master Chen, please spare my life, at that time I was forced to target you, now the entire Kyoto martial arts community has become a member of the Martial Alliance, there is nothing I can do about it ……”
Xin Pengfei cried out in pain, following Chen Ping and begging for mercy!
“The entire Kyoto martial arts community, have all joined the Martial Alliance?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but be a little shocked, even if the Martial Arts Union was powerful, it couldn’t have included the entire Kyoto Martial Arts community.
Moreover, it was impossible for the officials to watch the Kyoto Martial Arts Union grow bigger and stronger, then they would lose control.
“Yes, except for the Dong and Ge families, almost all of them have now joined the Martial Arts Union for that little resource ……”
Xin Pengfei said in a hurry.
“Could it be that Mr. Shi has no control over it?”
Chen Ping was puzzled, the Martial Dao Alliance had expanded so much, why didn’t the officials care?
“I’m not sure about that, no one officially stepped in to stop it, it looks like they tacitly allowed the Wudao Alliance to do so.”
Xin Pengfei shook his head, then continued, “But the Martial Dao Alliance is not ironclad now, many sects and families have exhausted their resources and are all looking for resources from the Martial Dao Alliance!”
Xin Pengfei’s words reminded Chen Ping of Xu Song, it looked like the Martial Dao Alliance needed a lot of resources to feed so many sects and families, which was why they had let Xu Song and the four of them risk going to Extreme Bliss City to fetch the beast pills.