“Don’t worry, Mr. Chen, I’ve got it covered!” Red Phoenix said with confidence!
She didn’t know what Chen Ping meant yet, but Chen Ping didn’t say it explicitly, he just paid special attention to the one in Jiang’s family, if the other party made a secret move, Chen Ping would not hesitate to do so.
“Thank you all for coming to this ring, the rules of our Martial Arts Union, as long as there is a disagreement and mediation is not accepted, then we will settle it with our fists in the ring, but fists and kicks have no eyes, in the end, no matter who is injured or even loses their lives, no complaints are allowed, these are the rules of the ring!”
“This time against the issue of the Wei family’s estate, the Jiang family and the Red Phoenix Hall have a disagreement, so it will now be settled in the ring between Jiang Zhengzhong and Red Phoenix, whoever wins, the issue of the Wei family’s estate will be decided by whoever wins, both of you come on stage!”
Wu Liuyi, who was the good old man of the Martial Arts Alliance, loudly announced from the ring!
“Wait a minute!” Just as Wu Liuyi finished speaking, Jiang Zhengzhong leapt straight up to the ring.
“Old Jiang, do you have anything else?”
Wu Liuyi asked.
Jiang Zhengzhong nodded, then swept a faint glance at the crowd and said, “Today’s ring match is not just for the Wei family’s estate, the Martial Alliance has been established for more than ten years and has been in a state of having no leader, this is not conducive to the development of our Martial Alliance at all, so I intend to use today’s opportunity to elect an alliance leader, I am not talented, I would like to nominate myself for the alliance leader If you have different opinions, you can compete with me in the ring!”
As soon as Jiang Zhengzhong’s words fell, there was an uproar, and there was a lot of chatter.
“Jiang Zhengzhong, what do you mean?”
When Sun Yaobang heard this, he immediately stood up from his seat and asked with a cold expression on his face.
Jiang Zhengzhong actually wanted to become the Martial Alliance’s alliance leader, of course he would not agree to that, then what position would their Sun family still have in the Martial Alliance?
Wu Liuyi’s face also changed slightly as he said with a slightly angry expression, “Old Jiang, the Martial Dao Alliance has been managed by our four families for so many years and has been peaceful, you suddenly propose to become the Alliance Leader, don’t end up losing your current position without becoming the Alliance Leader!”
“Jiang Zhengzhong, you really have a big mouth, don’t even take a P*ss and look at yourself, you still want to be the alliance leader?”
Red Phoenix also leapt to the top of the ring and hurled insults at Jiang Zhengzhong!
At this moment, Jiang Zhengzhong, facing the accusations of the three families, had no fear and said with a cold smile, “I said, if any of you have a problem, you can compete with me in the ring, it’s useless to show off your mouth!”
“What’s wrong with this Jiang Zhengzhong today? How dare he pick on the other three families?”
“This Jiang Zhengzhong couldn’t have had some strange encounter, could he? Given the Jiang family’s current strength, is it capable of taking on the other three families alone?”
“Today is hilarious, wait for the good show, maybe after today, the Martial Dao Alliance will change!”
The crowd below were whispering.
“Jiang Zhengzhong, I, Sun Yaobang, will first ask to teach you about your strength ……”
Sun Yaobang said, and took up his stance!
Originally he was planning to come over and sit on the mountain and watch the tiger fight, but he didn’t want this Jiang Zhengzhong to want to take the entire Martial Arts Alliance for himself and want to be the alliance leader, of course Sun Yaobang wouldn’t agree!
Sun Yaobang was also an internal energy master and his strength was not to be underestimated, otherwise he wouldn’t be sitting in one of the four chairs of the Alliance!
“Sun Yaobang, you are no match for me, so don’t make things difficult for yourself!”
Jiang Zhengzhong said with a cold glance at Sun Yaobang, full of arrogance.
Sun Yaobang’s face was furious, “Jiang Zhengzhong, whether you are your opponent or not, you will only know after trying, do it!”
As soon as the words left his mouth, an overwhelming aura erupted from Sun Yaobang’s body, instantly enveloping the entire ring!