Chen Ping saw that the Lion and Tiger Beast had stopped and knew that there should be a limit to the Lion and Tiger Beast’s range of movement, so his idea of taking the Lion and Tiger Beast as a pet could not be realised at all!
“Let’s go, the Lion Tiger Beast has no more Beast Dan and its strength has dropped greatly, so you accepting it as a pet won’t be of much help.”
Bai Shao saw Chen Ping’s thoughts and said!
The Lion Tiger Beast’s Beast Dan was absorbed by Chen Ping, so the Lion Tiger Beast’s strength was also going to drop drastically!
Now if they made a move, then the Lion Tiger Beast would definitely not be a match for them!
Chen Ping looked at that Lion and Tiger Beast and suddenly pulled out his Dragon Cutting Sword!
“What are you going to do?”
Seeing Chen Ping pulling out the Dragon Cutting Sword, Bai Qian was surprised “This Lion Tiger Beast Beast Dan is gone, it has already been eaten by you, and there is nothing useful left in it, why do you still want to kill it?”
After all, Bai Shao was also a beast race, so she couldn’t bear to watch Chen Ping kill the Lion Tiger Beast!
What’s more, now that the Lion and Tiger Beasts in the Celestial Realm were feared to have long gone extinct, there were only Lion and Tiger Beasts surviving in this Divine and Demonic Battlefield!
“Who said I was going to kill him ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and used his Dragon Slashing Sword on the stone walls on both sides of the crack and began to swing it around!
A bizarre line appeared, and it turned out that Chen Ping was laying down a formation!
Soon, a hidden grand formation was laid down by Chen Ping.
When the grand formation was activated, Bai Shao was looking towards the front, the shadow of the Lion and Tiger Beasts had long since disappeared, and only an empty road could be seen!
“This Lion Tiger Beast has no more Beast Dan, its strength has greatly decreased, if anyone else enters this crack, I’m afraid that the Lion Tiger Beast is in danger.”
“I laid down this hidden formation, as long as it’s not a high-level formation master, it won’t be able to see through it at all, so the Lion Tiger Beast can also live here without fear.”
Chen Ping explained!
White shallow glanced at Chen Ping, a slight smile said “I did not think that your kid is quite caring, do not forget to put your love, but also for me to use more, how to say that I am more than that lion and tiger beast to be petite and pathetic ……”<br>
Chen Ping heard, immediately rolled his eyes, he was nearly drained by Bai Shallow, but also dare to say that their own petite and poor ……
“What person? Come out ……”
Suddenly, Fire Phoenix yelled towards the corner!
Chen Ping and Bai Shao followed suit and turned around vigilantly!
Only to see that Ning Caixin walking out with some panic on his face.
“Mr Chen, don’t misunderstand, it’s me ……”
Ning Caichen had just seen someone come out and hid, after seeing that it was Chen Ping and the others who had come out, he felt very shocked!
Especially the lion and tiger beast, which was actually following behind Chen Ping and the others like a pet, which made Ning Caixin even more confused!
He couldn’t figure out, just now there was a fierce battle and the Lion and Tiger Beast was going to kill these people, but now it was actually following them out on their bums!
Moreover, the ice seal on Chen Ping and the few of them was lifted, and Ning Caixin didn’t know why this was!
There was also the fact that Chen Ping had just carved a large formation, which he had also seen in his eyes!
“So it’s you, where’s our gongfu?”
Bai Shao was furious when she saw that it was Ning Caixin, and directly stepped forward to pick up Ning Caixin’s collar!
In front of Bai Shallow, Ning Cai Chen was like a chicken cub, he had no strength to fight back at all!
“I …… I gave the gongfu to the old ancestor, it’s not here with me!”
Ning Caichen hurriedly explained!
“Then where is your old ancestor ……”
Bai Qian asked!
Ning Caixin shook his head, he had no idea where Ning Zhi had gone, Ning Zhi just told him to wait here!
“Mr Chen, just now when I grabbed that gong method, I also saw that you were frozen by that lion and tiger beast, so I used this method to save you and attract that lion and tiger beast away.”
“I didn’t mean to take advantage of someone’s danger, how can I do something ungrateful when I said that you also saved my life.”
Ning Caichen tried his best to explain after Chen Ping!