The blood-armoured cultivator stepped forward. Runes flickered on the blood-red armour. “Li Chunfeng, long time no see. Your temper is still so irritable. Today’s matter has nothing to do with you. Get out of the way!”
“Lackeys of the Divine Hall, daring to point fingers at me?” Li Chunfeng snorted coldly. Sword qi slashed out vertically and horizontally.
The blood-armoured cultivator did not dodge or evade, allowing the sword qi to strike the armour. It only left faint white marks. “Your sword is still so soft.”
Li Chunfeng’s expression changed slightly. The opponent’s defence was surprisingly astonishing.
You Wuxie floated to the front of the formation. Black qi swirled around him. “City Lord Li, those who understand the times are wise. Chen Ping and my Evil Path Hall have irreconcilable enmity. Today, he must die!”
“And me!” You Yue shrieked. “I want to personally gouge out his eyes!”
Nan Batian walked out with his arm around Xiao Cui and laughed loudly. “A bunch of crooked melons and cracked dates, daring to clamour in front of grandpa? Believe it or not, my Information Building will dig up all your dirty secrets?”
Xiao Cui stepped forward. In her hand was a jade slip. “The Sixth Hall of the Divine Hall secretly colludes with the demonic path. The branch hall of the Evil Path Hall harvests the souls of innocent cultivators. Manor Lord Qin… tsk tsk, I have plenty here about your son bullying men and dominating women.”
Qin Lie’s expression darkened. “Don’t talk nonsense!”
“Whether it’s nonsense or not, we’ll know once it’s made public.” Xiao Cui said indifferently. “As long as you withdraw your troops, today’s matter will be written off.”
The blood-armoured cultivator sneered. “Information Building? Just a bunch of rats who only stir up trouble. If you dare say more, I will surely slay without mercy!”
“Then try it!”
The cultivators behind Nan Batian simultaneously released their auras. Although their numbers were few, each had a condensed aura. Clearly, they were all elites.
Both sides were at daggers drawn. Battle was on the verge of erupting.
Just then, Chen Ping’s voice came from inside the courtyard. “No need for more words.”
He slowly walked out. Behind him followed Mo Chen, Hu Mazi, and Ling Xue, as well as all the Sword Sect disciples.
Although there were only a few dozen people, each held their head high and chest out, showing no fear.
“Qin Lie, isn’t it just that you want to kill me?”
Chen Ping stared directly at the other party. “I’ll fight you one-on-one. Life and death are up to fate. Do you dare?”
Qin Lie was stunned, then laughed loudly. “What did you say? You, a Loose Immortal Realm, dare to challenge me at Earth Immortal Realm eighth grade?”
“Why not?”
Chen Ping gripped the Dragon-Slaying Sword tightly. “If I lose, dispose of me as you wish. If you lose, take your people and get out of Sword Saint City, never to offend again!”
“Chen Ping! No!” Mo Chen said anxiously.
“Mr. Chen, think thrice!” Li Chunfeng also hurriedly stopped him.
Chen Ping waved his hand. His gaze was firm. “This is the grudge between him and me. It should be settled.”
A trace of阴狠 flashed in Qin Lie’s eyes. He could not wait for Chen Ping to seek death voluntarily. “Good! I agree! But if anyone dares to interfere, don’t blame me for being ruthless!”
Qin Lie slowly approached Chen Ping. Spiritual power surged around his body. The ground was stepped into deep pits one after another.
“Kid, dying under my sword can be considered your honour.” Qin Lie swung his long sword. Sword qi slashed vertically and horizontally, splitting a deep trench in the ground between them.
Chen Ping took a deep breath. The powers of the three clans circulated simultaneously within his body. Three-coloured airflows surged through his meridians.
He knew that this battle concerned not only his own life and death, but also the survival of the entire Sword Sect.
“Less nonsense. Make your move!”
Killing intent surged in Qin Lie’s eyes. He no longer hesitated. The long sword came slashing with the momentum to split mountains and crack stones. Before the sword wind arrived, the ground was already lifted in layers of air waves.
“Good!” Chen Ping shouted lowly. The Dragon-Slaying Sword turned into a golden light and met it.
“Clang!”
The sound of metal clashing was deafening. The ground under their feet exploded simultaneously. Shattered stones flew everywhere.
Chen Ping only felt an overwhelming force coming. His arm went numb instantly. He retreated three steps before steadying himself. A trace of blood overflowed from the corner of his mouth.
“Indeed vulnerable!” Qin Lie grinned ferociously and pressed the advantage. The long sword fell like a storm. Sword qi crisscrossed, sealing all of Chen Ping’s escape routes.