“Don’t worry, Long Family Master, I will definitely find a way to heal Long Xiao so that he can reach Martial Marquis …… in a year’s time.”
Venerable Ding Huan said with a confident face.
Long Jingguo nodded happily and then said towards Long Xingxu who was at the side, “Xingxu, go and fetch some Dragon Spring Water and give it to Venerable Ding Huan to take away ……”
“Family head, I’m afraid there’s only less than a cup of Dragon Spring Water left now ……”
Long Xingxu said in a small voice.
“What? How can there be so little?”
When Long Jingguo heard this, his face suddenly turned cold and said.
“Family head, after the last time the youngest master took away the Dragon Spring water, there is rarely any water dripping out from within the Dragon Spring, sometimes only one drop can be found for several days ……”
Long Xingxu explained.
When Long Jingguo heard this, he did not say anything, but his face was very ugly.
This Dragon Spring was a sacred spring within the Dragon Family Manor, when the Dragon Family’s old ancestor had put down roots here because of a spring that flowed clear from within a beautifully carved dragon head!
It was later named Dragon Spring, and this Dragon Spring water was able to nourish the body and enhance strength, which enabled the Dragon Family to gain a firm foothold in Kyoto in a very short period of time, and to become one of the top major families.
However, as time went on, the spring water within the Dragon Spring flowed less and less, to the extent that only one drop could be dripped for a few days now.
At this point, Long Jingguo remembered the legend that had always been in the Long family, that the day the water from the Dragon Spring dried up completely was the day the Long family would be destroyed!
Now the Dragon Spring water was getting less and less, which made Long Jingguo’s heart feel a bit bad.
Although it was only a legend, Long Jingguo still had a few moments of belief.
“Long Family Master, without the Dragon Spring Water, I can still heal Long Xiao, don’t worry about it ……”
Seeing that Long Jingguo’s face was ugly, Venerable Ding Huan said with relief.
Where did he know that what Long Jingguo was worried about was not Long Xiao’s body, he was worried about the survival of the entire Long Family ……
…………
Kyoto, Protector’s Pavilion!
Nagamura Masao was sitting on a chair with an angry face.
Above the main seat was Mr. Shi.
“Mr Shi, I protest, I want to protest sternly that our island warriors are being so inhumanely abused, this Chen Ping is simply a beast ……”
Masao Nagamura roared loudly as he slapped the table.
Mr. Shi, on the other hand, was smiling, not angry at Nagamura Masao’s loud protest.
“Amba*sador Nagamura, since you said that these men are your island warriors, I would like you to show me the entry permits for these men …………”
“As hospitable as we are in Daxia, we are by no means a place where anyone can just come in without a big greeting ……”
“If Amba*sador Nagamura cannot provide the entry permits for these men, then I will consider these island samurai to be spies who have secretly infiltrated our country ……”
“In that case, I will need Amba*sador Nagamura to explain to me ……”
Mr Shi’s words left Masao Nagamura dumbfounded.
He had come running in anger to protest after looking at the photos on the forum, forgetting long ago that these island samurai had entered the country illegally.
“Mr Shi, these few people have lost their faces, whether they are my island samurai or not, I can’t decide for a moment now, I’ll explain to Mr Shi when I go back to investigate clearly ……”
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good understanding of the situation.
If he was really convicted as a spy, this matter would be a big deal.
“Then I’ll wait for Amba*sador Nagamura’s explanation ……”
Mr. Shi still had a smile on his face.
Nagamura Masao wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, then slinked away.
“This guy, he really lifted a stone to beat his own feet.”
As he watched Masao Nagamura slink away, Zhao Wuji laughed.
Only at this moment, Mr. Shi’s face was devoid of a smile.
“Zhao Wouji, this Chen Ping’s methods are a bit cruel, and he even published it, such a bad influence is too bad, the wind will destroy the wood in the forest, you advise him ……”
Mr. Shi said coldly.
“My subordinate follows orders ……”
Seeing that Mr. Shi was not happy, Zhao Wuji was immediately scared and his legs trembled!