Ye Liancheng flipped too quickly, causing Sheng Tian Tai to be a little taken by surprise!
The reason why Ye Liancheng had been allowing the Sheng Family to join the Demon Sealing Alliance was simply to allow the Sheng Family to help break the Holy Pool’s formation!
Now that the formation was broken, the Sheng Family had no point in utilising it!
So Ye Liancheng didn’t need to pretend anymore!
As far as the Sheng Family’s strength was concerned, there was no way to compare it to the Ye Family!
Moreover, now that the Sheng Family had joined the Demon Sealing Alliance and had even handed over the art secrets, Ye Liancheng was not afraid of them backtracking!
“You …… you …………”
Sheng Tiantai was trembling with anger, his eyes were full of incredulity “Ye Liancheng, don’t push people too far, our Sheng Family can completely back out and not join the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Do you dare?” Ye Liancheng smiled coldly “Your Sheng family’s art secrets are in my hands, even the location of the Sheng family’s shelter I know, if you dare to back out, there won’t be a Sheng family tomorrow.”
“I hope you won’t be impulsive, go back and manage the Sheng Family well, serve the Demon Sealing Alliance, and when I use you, you won’t let me down.”
Sheng Tiantai gritted his teeth and stared angrily at Ye Liancheng, but there was nothing he could do!
If it came to a fight, there was no way he could beat that Ye Liancheng!
“I know ……”
Sheng Tian Tai sighed helplessly, then turned around and walked out!
He was afraid that if the stalemate continued, this Ye Liancheng would suddenly detain them as well, and that would be troublesome!
Chen Ping walked out right behind Sheng Tiantai, but followed Sheng Bushi with eye contact as he went out!
After walking out of the Ye family, Sheng Tiantai raised the sky in anger and roared “Ah …………”
He didn’t expect that he had tried his best to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, thinking of bringing the Sheng family to soar, but in the end, what he got in return was this kind of humiliation!
“Before you have your own strength, wanting to climb high on someone else’s shoulders, do you think it’s possible?”
“The Ye family was merely using you, and now that they are done using you, they can eat you up at any time.”
Chen Ping looked at the furious Sheng Tiantai and said indifferently!
Sheng Tiantai looked embarrassed and did not say a word!
Now he finally knew how stupid he was, still wanting to rely on the power of the Demon Sealing Alliance to make the Sheng Family rich!
Just as Chen Ping and Sheng Tiantai walked out of Ye City, they saw that Sheng Jiahui was leading her people, preparing to rush into Ye City!
It had been such a long time and they had yet to come out, so they were both anxious!
“Mr Chen, you’ve finally come out, we were just about to rush in to rescue them.”
Sheng Jiahui saw Chen Ping come out, so she said happily!
“Chen Ping, how did it go, did you see the Sheng family head?”
Bai Qian went forward and asked!
“Saw it!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Mr Chen, is my father alright, where is my brother?”
Sheng Jiahui asked anxiously upon hearing this!
“All are fine, only Ye Liancheng does not intend to release the Sheng family head, it seems that we only have to forcefully attack.”
Chen Ping said helplessly!
If they could bring Sheng Bushi and Sheng Jiayue out of the Ye family first, then there would be no problem!
Now if they attacked forcefully, Sheng Bushi and his father and son were still in the hands of the other party and would definitely be clamped down.
But that look Chen Ping gave Sheng Bushi when he left, he hoped that Sheng Bushi could understand what it meant!
The Sheng family was weak, even with Chen Ping and the others, there was no absolute certainty!
If the other party was threatening Sheng Bushi, it would be very troublesome!
“Mr Chen, give the word, all of us in the Sheng family are ready to fight to the death.”
“If we can’t save the family head, there’s no point for us Sheng family people to live!”
“We’re not afraid to die, we’re going to fight after the Ye family!”
Long Bo said with a murderous face!
“Put up a fight, put up a fight ……”
The Sheng Family’s crowd raised their arms and waved loudly, although their strength was not equal to the Ye Family, none of the Ye Family members retreated!