“Fire Fury, what is this thing of yours? How come this guy can still move around casually when he’s not wrapped in your flames?”
The Golden Fury was puzzled, Chen Ping was surrounded by flames and could still move freely, not even letting out a single scream!
Neither of them knew that the Fire Fury’s blaze could not bring the slightest harm to Chen Ping!
On the contrary, Chen Ping was able to sense the origin of fire from the flames of the Fire Fury and keep growing his own origin power!
“Give me back ……”
Chen Ping slammed his fist into the Golden Fury, trying to force it back!
The Golden Fury’s eyes gaped as he followed suit with a fist!
Boom boom boom ……
Chen Ping punched out thousands of golden fist shadows, each punch carrying a ray of holy light!
The Golden Fury frowned slightly, under the two fists against each other, he only felt that Chen Ping’s fist was no less powerful than his own!
This punch, the power of both sides is immense, the void are bursting out a burst of roar, the spiritual energy is even centered on the two people, spread in all directions!
The fiery flames of Chen Ping’s body were actually blown out by the scattered spiritual energy under this punch!
Chen Ping’s body fell from mid-air to the ground, taking several steps backwards!
And the Golden Fury also fell back to the ground, his face unbearably ugly!
The Golden Fury had never expected that Chen Ping, a mere fourth-ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm, would be so powerful in pure strength!
This time, Chen Ping didn’t use the fire, and the Golden Fury wasn’t restrained by the terrain, but even so, he didn’t get any advantage from this punch!
“Golden Fury, what are you doing? You actually failed to kill a small cultivator of the fourth rank of the Harmonious Body Realm with this punch?”
Fire Fury questioned at Gold Fury!
Just now, it was Gold Fury who questioned him, and now it was he who questioned Gold Fury!
Both of them were embarrassed at this point anyway!
Luckily it was just the two of them here, if there were others present, they would probably both be ridiculed for the rest of their lives!
“It’s f*cking evil, how come this kid has so much power?”
The Golden Fury frowned!
“That too, and this kid’s all golden armour, surprisingly he’s not afraid of my blazing flames.”
The Fire Fury also frowned!
Seeing the two distracted, Chen Ping obediently grabbed towards mid-air and the Dragon Chopper Sword appeared directly in his hand!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique …………”
Chen Ping cast out the Nine Shadows Sword Technique!
Several sword arrows emitted trails of golden light, heading straight for the two of them!
Seeing this, Golden Fury and Fire Fury hurriedly waved up a barrier to block it!
As they waved the barrier, the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth curled up in a smile!
He wasn’t trying to attack them, he was just trying to attract their attention!
In an instant, five more identical figures appeared around Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping’s own body took the opportunity to retreat and quickly flee!
When the Golden Fury and the Fire Fury blocked the sword arrows and were looking forward, they found that five identical Chen Ping figures had appeared in front of them!
“Damn it, this kid is using illusions again ……”
Seeing this, Golden Fury cursed loudly!
The few of them, having been tricked by Chen Ping’s illusion, were simply disgraced!
Now Chen Ping was even using illusions!
“Who cares if it’s an illusion, first exterminate the one in front of you ……”
The Fire Fury finished and swung out a fist of fire straight at one of the Chen Ping’s!
The Golden Fury also punched at the other Chen Ping!
Boom boom …………
After two explosions, the two Chen Ping’s instantly disappeared!
“Neither is the original body, come again ……”
Seeing this, the two men launched another attack!
But this time the attack, again two Chen Ping disappeared, and surprisingly, they weren’t even the main body!
This time, the two men stared at the last Chen Ping, their faces filled with cold smiles!
And Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Chopping Sword, was also calm, without the slightest panic!
“This time, I’ll see how you can still escape …………”
The Golden Fury looked at Chen Ping grimly, he now wanted to bite Chen Ping to death alive!
“I want to escape, you can’t stop me, two big fools ……”
Chen Ping laughed shamefully at the Golden Fury and the Fire Fury!