Nowadays, although the realm of pill masters is generally low, their social status is very high and they are highly respected!
There were also cultivators in the category of array spells and charms, and even a common sound transmission jade slip that couldn’t be ordinary had to be purchased from a charm master.
However, there was a break in the Celestial Realm’s pill refining or rune incantation techniques, so much so that even the rune incantation masters of the Celestial Realm couldn’t draw truly advanced runes now!
The advanced talismans in their eyes, in Chen Ping’s eyes it was just ghost drawing, something for children to play with.
“Fellow Daoist, even if you can break the formation by yourself, but the treasure inside is afraid that it will not be easy for the few of you to get your hands on it, there will definitely be demonic beasts guarding the area around this kind of treasure, so if we co-operate, we will be able to help out as well.”
Sheng Bushi said in a slightly pleading tone!
At this moment, Sheng Bushi, regardless of whether what Chen Ping said was true or not, he was going to choose to believe Chen Ping, after all, he had no way out!
“Mr Chen, just think of it as you doing my Sheng family a favour, whatever conditions you need, you can feel free to mention them as well.”
Sheng Jiahui also spoke up at this time!
“Yes, you can mention any conditions you want ……”
Sheng Bushi also hurriedly said!
“It’s fine to mention conditions, but you have to prove that you can indeed break open this formation, otherwise what makes you mention conditions?”
Sheng Jiayue wasn’t quite convinced that Chen Ping was able to break open that formation right now!
“Asshole, shut up ……”
Sheng Bushi glared at Sheng Jiayue!
Sheng Jiayue wasn’t speaking anymore, but there was a clear discrepancy in his eyes, since the beginning Chen Ping hadn’t shown anything, he had only reminded!
“Mr Chen, don’t mind, my brother this person is just arrogant, but his heart is not bad.”
Sheng Jiahui hurriedly followed Chen Ping and apologised!
“No matter, since I need to prove it, then I will prove it to you!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked straight towards that formation!
Only to see Chen Ping walk into the formation, the formation ripples surged, and it was as if Chen Ping was in the water!
Seeing Chen Ping walk in, everyone’s faces changed slightly as they watched nervously!
Bai Qian also looked nervous, after all, such a large formation, could Chen Ping break it alone?
“Don’t worry, master is omnipotent, you’ll know after following for a long time ……”
The fire phoenix spoke persuasively to Bai Shallow.
Bai Shallow nodded, but her eyes were still fixed on Chen Ping’s back!
After Chen Ping walked into the formation, he looked around as if he was strolling through a food market, and then continued to walk towards the front!
Seeing that Chen Ping had already gone deep into the formation, and seeing that the formation did not attack, everyone in the Sheng family became surprised!
And just as Chen Ping walked into the formation, a hundred miles away, on the other side of the mountain peak, there was also a group of people looking up at the towering mountain peak.
This group of people were all dressed in the same garb as the three demonic cultivators that Chen Ping had beheaded, and were obviously from the same clan!
“Gang Master, the Third Protector and two of his brethren have yet to be found and cannot be contacted, I don’t know if there has been an accident.”
An old man with a goatee said to a middle-aged man!
On the middle-aged man’s forehead, there was a tattoo of an eye that looked like Qi Peijia’s Heavenly Underworld Eye!
“There shouldn’t be any accidents, the Third Protector has the Ten Thousand Ghosts Pilgrimage Charm in his hand, ordinary cultivators can’t resist it.”
“I think we’d better break the formation first, there must be a lot of treasures in this mountain peak ……”
The middle-aged man looked up at the mountain peak, greed in his eyes!
“Gang master, this …… this big formation is too huge, I’m afraid that our little bit of people are enough to break through.”
The goatee old man said with some difficulty!
“Great Elder, when did you become so cavalier, what kind of great array that we, the Heavenly Underworld Gang, can’t break open, don’t forget that I also have the Heavenly Underworld Eye, which can pierce through everything!”
The middle-aged man said with a grim face!
“Are you also equipped with the Heavenly Underworld Eyes?”
The middle-aged man’s words had just fallen when a figure unexpectedly tore through the void and appeared directly in front of the middle-aged man!