“Of course not, the winner of this competition gets to choose the next competition event and the rules of the competition are set by the winning side!”
“This is a huge advantage for the winning side.”
The old man said!
Hearing this, Meng He smiled, a condition he could still accept!
What the next match would be, and what the rules would be, was up to him, so of course Meng He would choose what was best for him!
When the others heard this rule, they also agreed, proving that the winner of the third match would decide the direction and rules of the fourth match!
“Can I mention any kind of rule?”
Meng He asked.
“That’s of course, as long as they follow alchemy, you can mention them all!”
The old man nodded and said!
“Alright then, I’ll compete with him in making pills, but without any restrictions, I can use my own potion furnace.”
“Whoever makes a fast and good elixir then will be the winner ……”
Meng He said!
When the old man heard this, he couldn’t help but look backwards, if there were no restrictions in terms of the pills furnace, a divine grade pills furnace refining, followed by an ordinary pills furnace, there would be a world of difference!
If he took out a God-grade furnace, even a fifth-grade pill master could easily refine a pill that was much higher than his own grade!
And the quality of the pills will also be much higher, after all, a God-grade furnace is one in a million!
The quality of the furnace directly affects the quality and speed of the pills, but it doesn’t fully reflect the true level of the pill masters themselves!
“Meng He, you’re being a bit of a bully, who doesn’t know that you have a Spiritual Cauldron in your hand, and you’ve only progressed so quickly because of it!”
“Now you’re going to compete with Mr. Chen in alchemy with a Spirit Cauldron, that’s so unfair.”
Suo Xing Yue frowned and said to that Meng He!
“Hahahaha, fair? How can there be any fairness in this world, it’s nice that I have the Spirit Cauldron, but I didn’t say I wouldn’t let him use it either.”
“I wouldn’t even envy him if he had a divine tripod, but does he?”
“As I said, I’m in charge of the next competition, so of course I’m going to choose what’s best for me.”
Meng He smiled broadly, his face full of triumph.
“You despicable villain!”
Suo Xing Yue looked at Meng He with a face full of anger!
“I think Brother Meng is right, since he was told to choose the rules for the next match, then of course a person would choose what is in his favour.”
At this moment, Zhu Zhu was on the sidelines, speaking for Meng He!
“Shut up ……” Suo Xing Yue stared at Zhu Zhu viciously, he now hated his indisputable disciple!
There are so many good men in the world, but Zhu Zhu has fallen for Meng He, a despicable man!
So Xing Yue, as a master, almost died of anger!
“Since you want to compete, let’s do it, maybe I have a spirit censer too!”
Chen Ping spoke up at this point!
And Liu Ruyan and the Third Elder and the others were sniggering on the sidelines, because only they knew that Chen Ping had the Divine Nong Cauldron!
Meng He, that fool, had spoken out about this contest that was most unfavourable to him!
They were all thinking about how that idiot Meng He would look when Chen Ping took out the Divine Peasant Cauldron later!
“Kid, I didn’t expect you to really dare to say yes, but I don’t blame you, you’ve probably never seen what a Spirit Cauldron looks like, right?”
Meng He said, and with a wave of his hand, there was a tremor in the void!
Immediately afterwards, a furnace censer like emerald jade appeared on the stage!
The censer was engraved with a picture of a hundred herbs, and it had a faint lustre on it!
Just by holding out the censer, a faint aroma of medicinal herbs instantly wafted around it, and an ancient and mysterious aura permeated the censer’s body!
It was obvious that this spirit censer was definitely something of great age, and I didn’t know where Meng He had gotten this spirit censer from!