At this moment, Chen Ping was as if he had opened the door to a new world, and his entire being was extremely excited!
It turned out that a true Formation Master was not only able to lay down formations, but could also change all things!
Formation masters had always belonged to the weak side of strength, just like pharmacists, although in this Celestial Realm formation masters, pharmacists were rare!
Very respected, but truly by strength, no matter if it was the Formation Master, or the Medicine Master, the strength was weaker than the other cultivators!
But now it seemed that formation masters were actually not weak, it was just that many of them did not penetrate the use of formation patterns!
Chen Ping’s Intrinsic Divine Patterns and Intrinsic Demonic Patterns were both flowing with light!
The connection between the two grew tighter and tighter, and from Chen Ping’s brow a peculiar aura was emanating!
Immediately after that, a striped path lit up in front of Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping then quickly carved with one hand, while the stripe in front of him was constantly changing according to Chen Ping’s wishes.
Soon a divine stripe appeared in its entirety, followed by a second one!
Chen Ping then began to carve magic patterns, and after the magic patterns appeared, they covered the divine patterns!
At this time, the two patterns were not able to completely fuse, but they were not repulsive!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then continued to strengthen his mind, as long as these lines fused together, then an item would be created!
He would be able to evolve the item, and in the eyes of outsiders, the item would be something Chen Ping had conjured out of thin air!
‘Bad, this kid is going to go off the deep end ……’
The Divine Ripple Ancestor who was observing Chen Ping was instantly alarmed and said!
Chen Ping’s current cultivation was not enough, yet he wanted to forcibly fuse the two patterns, this was simply looking for death!
One must know that once he went off the deep end, even if he didn’t die, he would become demented, that is, an invalid!
The Divine Grain Ancestor could not watch such an exceptionally gifted person like Chen Ping go overboard!
Only to see that the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor’s body moved and arrived in front of Chen Ping!
Then he shouted, ‘Stop practising, quickly stop ……’
Chen Ping’s eyes were red and he couldn’t listen at all, he was already deep in it at the moment!
He already knew the mysteries of formation patterns, so he was going to fuse the two types of formation patterns!
When the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor saw this, he reached out towards Chen Ping and grabbed him!
And when Chen Ping saw that the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor was trying to stop his cultivation, he immediately struck out a ball of fiery flames!
The shocking fiery flames wrapped around the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor, while the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor waved his hand, instantly shattering the surrounding fiery flames as he grabbed towards Chen Ping’s shoulders!
Chen Ping was now unconscious as he put all of his mind into the fusion of the formation patterns!
Right now, he was attacking the person who was close enough to stop him purely out of instinct!
The Divine Pattern Ancestor grabbed Chen Ping and tried to force Chen Ping’s divine sense out!
If Chen Ping continued like this, he would definitely go off the deep end, just like an ordinary person drilling into a bull’s-eye, if he could not release it, it would become extremely painful!
Chen Ping desperately struck out towards the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor, while the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor withstood Chen Ping’s attacks and did not fight back at all!
‘Senior brother, you’re too spoiled for this brat, even if he’s exceptionally talented, he can’t not fight back.’
When the Formation Demon saw this, he was directly anxious!
The entire person leapt up, and that roiling demonic pattern was instantly grasped in his hand!
‘Kid, you dare to hit my senior brother, I’m going to teach you a good lesson.’
The Formation Demon instantly struck out a black light that went straight towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body trembled as if it was a deflated leather ball, and his entire body became limp.
At the same time, the crimson eyes slowly lost their eye colour, and the entire person directly fainted!
With the Formation Demon choking off the Demonic Patterns, Chen Ping had no way to make the Demonic Patterns and Divine Patterns merge!
Chen Ping had only cultivated his own magic pattern, and there were many other magic patterns that he hadn’t even come to carve and cultivate!
The Divine Pattern Ancestor handed Chen Ping over to White Chicory and told him to take Chen Ping to rest!
‘Senior brother, are you alright?’
The Formation Demon asked to the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor with concern!