Seeing that both of them agreed, Mr. Shi flicked his palm over the table and a golden light flashed out!
Immediately afterwards, Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er saw that a book had appeared out of thin air on Mr Shi’s table!
The cover of the book was very ancient and even a little worn out!
“Take this book, you two don’t leave Kyoto for half a step, and remember one thing, no one is allowed to look at this book, including you two!”
“As soon as you see Chen Ping, give this book to him, do you understand?”
Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er nodded their heads with seeming understanding!
In fact, they didn’t understand at all, what exactly Mr. Shi meant by this!
Even more so, they didn’t understand how they were going to meet Chen Ping when he was already trapped in the secret realm.
“Alright, you guys take the book and leave, don’t mention this to anyone ……”
Mr. Shi waved his hand!
Wu Mei’er stepped forward and tucked the book into her arms, then walked out of the Protector’s Pavilion!
“Xiao Ru, Mei’er, what did Mr. Shi leave you two to say?”
Ji Ru Xue saw the two coming out and hurriedly asked.
“Nothing much was said, just a simple question about our physique.”
Wu Mei’er explained.
After all, she and Xiao Ru knew most of the things about that special physique of hers!
“Alright, let’s go back, since Mr. Shi has taught us the Kung Fu method, I hope that the sisters will cultivate more and can help Chen Ping sooner!”
Ji Ru Xue said to the girls.
…………
In the following days, all the girls all started to cultivate desperately!
And Hu Ma Zi and the others were still trying to think of ways to get Chen Ping out of the secret realm everywhere!
Now only Xiao Ru and Wu Mei’er looked overwhelmed!
The two of them were together every day, and Wu Mei’er was carrying the book around with her, not daring to let go of it at all!
But a few days had pa*sed in the blink of an eye, and the two of them were walking on the street all day, and they didn’t know how to run into Chen Ping.
Nor did they understand what Mr. Shi had said!
“Sister Mei’er, it’s not a good idea for us to be like this, everyone else is cultivating, and it’s just the two of us wandering around all day.”
“Those who don’t know, will think that the two of us don’t want to contribute to Brother Chen Ping ……”
Xiao Ru said listlessly as she sat in the corner of a restaurant.
“What exactly does Mr. Shi mean? I can’t figure it out either, these days I’ve been thinking, could it be because of our two special physiques and having a way to meet Chen Ping, that’s why Mr. Shi gave us the book?”
Wu Mei’er said thoughtfully.
“But how can we go to see Brother Chen Ping, he’s sealed inside the secret realm, and Master Hu and the others can’t do anything about it.”
Xiao Ru pouted, looking at the food in front of her, with no appetite at all!
“Two little sisters, if you are unhappy about something, tell brother, brother will help you to solve your problems ……”
At this point, two guys dressed in hipster clothes and flowing around came over!
Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er just gave the two guys a look but didn’t pay any attention to them!
Seeing that Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er didn’t say anything, the two guys didn’t recognize each other and followed Xiao Ru to sit with them!
Xiao Ru was annoyed at the moment, and when she saw the two ungrateful guys coming over to talk to her, she was furious!
“Get lost, you two, don’t wait for me to get angry ……”
Xiao Ru said as she gave the two guys a fierce glare.
One of the guys saw that Xiao Ru was speaking quite wildly, and immediately the corners of his mouth raised and said, “Little sister, you are not big, but you are speaking quite wildly, you do not even ask around, we two ……”
The two men felt the frost on their bodies, and the frost spread to the two men instantly.
The two men only felt a chill all over their bodies, before they could react, their entire bodies were all frozen, even their hair and eyebrows were covered in frost!
“Xiao Ru ……”
Wu Meier saw this and hurriedly went forward and pulled Xiao Ru, then looked around and said, “Let’s go, you’ll cause panic if you strike out like this in the downtown ……”
Wu Mei’er pulled Xiao Ru and left, not even taking a few bites of the good meal she wanted!