The Pill Dignitary slowly turned to look at Chen Ping and then asked “What did you just say?”
“I said that your virtue is not worthy of your position ……”
Chen Ping was not the least bit used to this old guy and directly disliked him!
Chen Ping’s words instantly scared that Ji Cheng!
The surrounding pill masters were also stunned and looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
“Where did this guy come from? He’s also too bold, daring to speak to the Pill Master like this?”
“Truly a newborn calf who is not afraid of tigers, daring to say that Pill Exalt’s virtue is not worthy of his position.”
“It’s over, this time even the Ji Family probably won’t be able to protect this kid.”
Numerous pill masters were talking, ready to watch Chen Ping’s jokes!
“Pillfather, he …………” Ji Cheng wanted to put in a good word for Chen Ping!
But before he could finish his words, he was stopped by that Pill Exalt with a wave of his hand!
Immediately after that, he coldly looked at Chen Ping and said, “You say that my virtue is not worthy of my position?”
“Not bad?” Chen Ping said without changing his colour!
“Do you know who you are talking to?” Pillfather’s eyes narrowed slightly!
“I have a feeling that you are required to have an appearance, and I’m afraid that you can’t even pass these tests you’ve set up for yourself, right?”
Chen Ping said as he provocatively looked at the Pill Exalt!
The reason why Chen Ping said this was also to cause the many pill masters to resonate with him!
It was because many pill masters thought that the tests were too difficult, and that the Pill Exalt himself was not able to pass them!
As expected, Chen Ping’s words instantly caused a commotion amongst the many pill masters as soon as they were uttered!
“I also feel that it’s difficult for the Pillfather himself to pass the examination.”
“That’s right, this examination is too difficult, it’s practically at an epic level of difficulty.”
“Finally, a rash young man dares to bring it up, I don’t know how this Pill Exalt will cope with it.”
The crowd was all talking, but the words of the discussion reached the Pill Exalt’s ears without missing a beat!
Listening to the crowd’s discussion, and seeing Chen Ping’s provocation, Pill Dignitary’s face became ugly!
“Kid, what do you mean? Want to compete with me or not?”
Pillfather asked with a cold face!
“What’s not to like about a match!” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“If you want to compete with me, I’m afraid you’re not qualified yet, if you want to compete with me, pass this level of examination first!”
With a wave of his hand, the illusionary formation in front of him became clear!
The crowd only saw that a patch of flowers and grasses faintly appeared in the void, which were the various immortal grasses in the illusion formation!
And the content of the test was to use the fastest speed to distinguish the types of immortal herbs through taste, shape and colour!
“If you want to compete with me, then go in ……”
The Pillfather said with a cold snort!
Chen Ping smiled faintly and walked into the illusion formation without the slightest hesitation!
All sorts of immortal grasses swayed with the wind in the illusion formation, while in Chen Ping’s ears rang that Pill Exalted’s voice!
“You have to find out the Lotus Heart, Han Gong Qiu, Wild Ailanthus, Gentian, Thousand Miles and ………… from amongst these immortal grasses.”
“Remember, you only have ten minutes, if within ten minutes, you can’t find these immortal herbs, then it’s considered a failure.”
“You also don’t have the qualifications to compete with me ……”
Pillfather named more than a dozen kinds of immortal grass in a row, obviously a lot more than the number of other people’s test, and only give ten minutes time, the time is too short!
“What a joke, ten minutes to find a dozen kinds of immortal grass, it’s simply impossible.”
“This difficulty, even if a Medicine Immortal descended to earth, it can’t be completed.”
“This is simply a test that cannot be completed, it seems that this Pill Fairy cannot afford to play.”
The crowd all fought for Chen Ping, this was not a test, this was the whole thing!
It was impossible for anyone to find these dozen kinds of immortal herbs within ten minutes time!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not say anything, his eyes looked at the piece of Immortal Grass in front of him, his eyes were like radar scanning!
Countless types of Immortal Grasses swept through Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, and the Great Luo Golden Code in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness began to flash, and each type of Immortal Grass began to be pinpointed!
Only to see Chen Ping step forward unhurriedly and start picking the Immortal Grass without even looking at it!