Xiao Lan looked exactly like Wu Mei’er, and Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng took her for Wu Mei’er.
When Wu Mei’er gave Chen Ping the Heart Protecting Bronze Mirror, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng had seen her, and when Chen Ping followed Qin Xiaolin in the bout, Wu Mei’er was also present, when Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng led people to guard the whole stadium, reasonably speaking, they shouldn’t not know the two of them ah.
“She’s not Wu Mei’er, she’s Wu Mei’er’s twin sister ……”
At this time Chen Ping walked out of the room and followed a dumbfounded Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng, then introduced himself to Xiao Lan, “These two are my men, of course they have to listen to me ……”
“Oh, I didn’t expect you to have henchmen ……”
Xiaolan looked at Chen Ping with some surprise.
Chen Ping just smiled and did not say anything, he is now the head of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, there are thirteen halls under him, although now he only found two, but there are thousands of people under his hands, to say the most than the Miao Cottage, only that many of these men are ordinary people, the strength is not as strong as the Miao Cottage.
Lin Tianhu gave Chen Ping an envious look in his eyes, and after a few people walked out of the villa, Lin Tianhu secretly whispered in Chen Ping’s ear, “I didn’t expect that the temple master was so lustfully blessed that he had gotten into a sister ……”
Chen Ping glared at Lin Tianhu, “Hurry up and go to the car ……”
Lin Tianhu laughed and ran to the car, Red Phoenix saw this and hurriedly sat on the pa*senger side, while letting Chen Ping and Xiaolan sit in the back.
Originally, Chen Ping wanted to sit in the pa*senger side, but was robbed by Red Phoenix, and finally had to follow Xiaolan to the back row.
Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng looked in the rear view mirror and the two of them smiled at each other.
Chen Ping was a bit helpless. Xiao Lan was sitting with Chen Ping, but she was not shy about seducing him, and the fragrance of Xiao Lan’s body, coupled with the fact that Xiao Lan was originally born with a charming body, Chen Ping almost failed to suppress himself.
If he had cleaned up Xiaolan directly in the car, Chen Ping felt a little too sorry for Su Yuqi, and he would have given Su Yuqi her first time no matter what he said.
“Look at how hard you’re holding it in, don’t control it, it’s not like I’m going to blame you ……”
Xiaolan said with softness in her eyes.
Chen Ping closed his eyes tightly, not daring to look at Xiaolan, but even so, that unique body scent of Xiaolan’s body kept burrowing towards Chen Ping’s nose.
“Stop the car …………”
Chen Ping was somewhat out of control and asked Lin Tianhu to stop the car, then followed Red Phoenix to change his position.
On this journey, if he was still next to Xiao Lan, he might not be able to control doing something, this woman was really tempting.
It was close to evening when Lin Tianhu and the others drove to Lingshou, the provincial capital of Jiangnan. Although it was not as prosperous as the provincial capital of Jiangbei, the scenery was beautiful and the whole city was surrounded by mountains and water, making it a good place for a relaxing holiday.
Just as Chen Ping arrived at the place, they were warmly welcomed and a lavish banquet was held to receive Chen Ping, which made Chen Ping feel a little all embarra*sed, it was too grand.
“I really didn’t expect you to still be so popular ……”
Xiao Lan also felt a bit shocked when she looked at the welcoming stance.
“Mr. Chen, long time no see …………”
“Mr. Chen, in a short time, your strength has surprisingly soared, it’s simply more than a genius!”
“Mr. Chen is afraid that he is the strongest young man in my Jiangnan Jiangbei, he is simply a model for the younger generation!”
As soon as Chen Ping stepped off the bus, many people from the martial arts world were bragging about Chen Ping.
There was also Xiao Lan, who was beside Chen Ping, who also attracted the attention of many people, and many young people unconsciously turned their eyes towards Xiao Lan.
Beautiful, just too beautiful, few people had ever seen such a beautiful girl.
But they didn’t dare to look more, after all, it was the woman beside Chen Ping, who didn’t know the relationship of this woman following Chen Ping.