The moment the woman’s palm followed the cave entrance formation and touched it, the entire formation trembled!
Along with the violent shaking of the formation, the formation sealing the cave entrance began to slowly open!
This shocked Chen Ping, the rune in this woman’s palm was so powerful?
This formation was not forced open, but was cracked directly, although Chen Ping could also crack this formation, but it would take time and would not be so swift!
Chen Ping at the moment became very curious about the woman’s identity!
Now, it seemed obvious that the other party did not look like someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Along with the formation being broken, the woman withdrew her palm with the runes, then glanced around and said, “The formation is broken, those who wish to enter, can show themselves, no need to sneak around!”
After saying that, the woman’s palm gently waved, the crowd only felt a breeze on the face, the original hidden breath hiding crowd, instantly all exposed!
Seeing that their breath was exposed, these people were no longer good at hiding, so they showed up one after another, and there were dozens of them!
However, these people were clearly not a force, some of them were full of surprise after meeting, which proved that they did not know each other’s existence!
“Gentlemen, I’m sure you all want to enter this cave as well, it’s just that there’s an array blocking you, so you don’t have a way to get in!”
“Now that I’ve broken the formation, if any of you want to enter, you must pay 100,000 spirit stones before you can!”
“If you don’t pay the fee, those who trespass without permission will be killed without pardon ……”
The woman’s voice was soft, but it carried an undeniable killing aura!
The crowd looked at each other, somewhat at a loss for words, after all, the Eastern Domain was a barren land, taking out 100,000 spirit stones at once, this was not a small amount!
“This relic is originally an ancient legacy, it’s not your family’s, why should we be made to pay a fee?”
At this time, a cultivator asked in a somewhat dissatisfied voice!
“Because the formation was opened by me, if you want to go in, then open the formation yourself, I will never stop you!”
The woman slowly counted!
“I ……” that cultivator opened his mouth, but did not know how to answer, after all, if he was able to break open the formation, he would not have waited until now, he would have gone in!
“Even if you broke the formation, but 100,000 spirit stones, it’s too much, many of us can’t take it!”
“Can you ask for a little less, or let us go in, and when we find the treasure inside, we’ll pay for the 100,000 spirit stones!”
Some people also started to speak, disliking the 100,000 spirit stones as too much!
“Those who take out 100,000 spirit stones will enter, if you can’t take it out, then stay outside, what’s the point of being a mummy?”
At this time, that left blind elder said sternly!
“How do you people talk? We just don’t take it and still have to enter, how dare you ……”
Pfft ……
A cultivator was dissatisfied and contradicted towards that Left Blind Elder, but before he finished his words, he saw a flash of cold!
That cultivator’s head instantly flew out, dead beyond death!
You have to know that those who were able to find their way here were not ordinary cultivators, most of them were in the seventh or eighth level of the Transition Realm!
Now they were killed by that Left Blind Elder with a single sword strike!
This instantly scared the crowd so much that they didn’t dare to speak anymore!
Seeing this, the woman did not reprimand the left blind elder, and looked like she approved of the left blind elder’s behaviour!
After all, so many people, if do not come a little deterrent, all rise up and rush into the cave, then it will be trouble!
After everyone pondered for a moment, some people turned around and left, not knowing if they were going to look for spirit stones, or if they had no choice but to leave!
Some people gritted their teeth, paid 100,000 spirit stones, and then smoothly entered the cave!
People had to bow their heads under the roof, after all, the other party was too strong, no one dared to resist in!
It only took a few moments for the woman to collect millions of spirit stones!