And at that moment, at the place where Old Miao and the others were resting, Fire Phoenix had already brought Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan back.
Seeing Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan’s miserable state, everyone froze!
“Miao Miao, how did you …… you become like this?”
“Qiannan, my daughter, what have you been through ah ……”
Miao Lao and Cai Hongwei lost their voices and cried after seeing Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan’s miserable state!
There was still fear in Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan’s eyes, and it was obvious that they had been tortured to the point of some insanity!
“Yupu Sect, I’ll fight you, I’ll fight you ……”
Elder Miao suddenly roared in anger, his body’s aura rising and rising!
It looked like Elder Miao was going to plan to blow himself up and follow the Jade Pope Sect to the end!
“There’s still me ……” Cai Hongwei’s breath was also bulging and swelling without restraint!
If these two people all blew themselves up, the power would definitely be able to leave no one at the scene!
“Elder Miao, don’t be impulsive ……”
“Boss Cai, that Jade Pope Sect’s people can be killed at any time, so don’t do anything foolish.”
All of them persuaded the two, if the two failed to control their power and blew themselves up now, it would all be over!
“Elder Miao, Boss Cai, that Jade Pope Sect’s people won’t live long, the master has already stayed behind to behead them, I believe there will be results soon.”
Fire Phoenix also rushed to persuade!
And just as the fire phoenix was persuading, Chen Ping’s figure slowly appeared, and in Chen Ping’s hand was carrying half a person!
This half person who no longer had legs was none other than the Jade Pope Sect’s Sect Master, Hai Ande!
Chen Ping threw Hai Ande to the ground like a dead dog!
Seeing this, Elder Miao and Cai Hongwei all had scarlet eyes, like hungry wolves, and were about to pounce towards that Hai Ande!
Feeling that hatred from the crowd, Hai Ande was so scared that his face turned pale and he became incontinent!
“Ah …………”
Before Miao Lao and Cai Hongwei rushed forward, the somewhat mentally deranged Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan suddenly shrieked and pounced towards Hai Ande!
Immediately after that, the two girls, like hungry wolves, tore towards Hai Ande!
There were no weapons or tools, they just tore with their teeth!
Hai Ande screamed miserably, wanting to struggle, but without legs, he could not struggle at all!
Everyone looked at the scene in front of them in shock!
They really couldn’t imagine what Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan had gone through to make the two girls become like this!
When Chen Ping saw this scene, his heart was also filled with sorrow!
Two good girls, this life was ruined!
Bai Qian came, and having experienced big scenes, she also felt shocked when she saw Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan tearing at Hai Ande!
In a short period of time, Hai Ande had already been bitten by the two girls to the point where his face was completely disfigured, his throat was snapped, and there was no sound!
However, the two girls had not stopped and were still biting!
Seeing this, Chen Ping waved his hand and two silver needles pierced into the necks of the two girls, instantly causing the two girls to fall asleep!
“What’s going on here?”
Bai Shao asked to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping spoke about what had happened to Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan, and after hearing this, Bai Shao was also trembling with anger!
She was also a female, so she was able to appreciate the desperation of the two girls, Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan!
“This gang of animals that are worse than pigs and dogs ……”
Bai Shao gritted her teeth in hatred!
As for Miao Lao and Cai Hongwei, the two of them looked at their granddaughters, their daughters, and instantly seemed to have aged dozens of years!
This kind of result was something they hadn’t thought of!
If they were able to think of it, they wouldn’t have come to this Divine Demon Battlefield even if it killed them!
“Hey …… two good girls, this life is ruined, I’m afraid that in the future they will have to live under the shadow.”
Chen Ping could not help but let out a light sigh!
“Fox Empress, don’t you know the Soul Severing Technique? You can help the two girls erase this part of their memories so that they won’t live under the shadows.”
Fire Phoenix suddenly said to Bai Shao!