Chen Ping’s forehead unexpectedly began to flicker with red light, and soon an eye appeared all the way through!
The Heavenly Underworld Eye was opened, Chen Ping wanted to see what was so odd about this statue!
There was no way that the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect would put an ordinary statue into this place place as well!
The moment the Heavenly Underworld Eyes opened, that Mu Qiufeng’s body slightly trembled, and his eyes were filled with a few moments of panic!
Immediately after that, a trace of black mist rose from his palm and directly slapped on top of the statue!
The moment it touched the statue, the statue suddenly emitted a golden light, and the entire statue’s entire body flickered with formation patterns!
And Mu Qiu Feng’s entire body was actually directly sucked into that statue!
“Hahaha, hahaha …………”
“You guys fell for it, there is a formation pattern present within this statue, now that I follow the statue and become one, I can be immortal.”
Mu Qiufeng laughed crazily!
Now that he had fused after the statue, he gently waved his hand and a massive force came towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body was instantly sent flying out by a huge force!
Mu Qiufeng this was a flight that collapsed the entire hall!
The loud noise caused Chen Wenliang and the others to all look over in shock!
They saw that the huge statue, at this moment, had actually come to life, and had even flown into the sky, collapsing the great hall!
“Chen Ping ……”
Ruyan Liu was the first to spot Chen Ping, who had been sent flying, and rushed over!
Seeing this, the others could not be bothered in dividing any resources and hurriedly headed towards Chen Ping!
They didn’t know what was going on here!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Ruyan Liu helped Chen Ping up!
Chen Ping had blood coming out of the corner of his mouth and shook his head, “I’m fine, I didn’t think that this guy had left a hand in it!”
“Fellow Daoist Chen, what about Mu Qiufeng?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
Chen Ping pointed at the statue and said, “That Mu Qiufeng has fused with the statue, now that statue is Mu Qiufeng.”
“What?”
All the pill masters all became nervous!
“You guys, destroying my clan and killing my disciples, today I’m going to let you die here, all of you!”
Mu Qiufeng was in mid-air, overlooking Chen Ping and the others, and said in an extremely arrogant manner!
“Do you think that you can kill us with just a tiny statue?”
Chen Ping pushed aside the crowd and his body also leapt up, looking at Mu Qiufeng and said!
“What the hell do you know, this statue was created with ancient formation patterns, just within this one statue, it contains tens of thousands of formations.”
“As long as I don’t leave this statue, no one can hurt me!”
Mu Qiufeng said with a cold snort!
“I don’t believe that!”After Chen Ping finished speaking, his palm rose up to fire, then he swung it with vigour!
The flames that filled the sky wrapped Mu Qiufeng in it!
The fusion of several Supreme Flames into a flame was so powerful that the entire sky was red with flames!
“Hahaha, I told you long ago, as long as I don’t leave this statue, no one can hurt me.”
“The current me is immortal, so you don’t have to waste your efforts!”
Mu Qiufeng laughed out loud, not fearing that Supreme Fire in the slightest!
Seeing that Mu Qiufeng was actually not afraid of his Supreme Fire, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed slightly!
As for Mu Qiufeng, this was a wave of his palms, and a formation pattern suddenly appeared out of thin air, forming a cage that shrouded towards Chen Ping!
This sudden appearance of the formation cage, Chen Ping unexpectedly had a familiar flavour!
Only that he could not recall who had used this kind of formation for a moment!
Chen Ping’s body retreated sharply, while at the same time, he struck out with a Holy Light Fist, shattering that formation cage!
“Since you are not afraid of the Supreme Flame, then taste the power of the Demon Drawing Whip!”
Chen Ping took out the Demon Drawing Whip, he knew that the Demon Cultivator was most afraid of the Demon Drawing Whip!
Moreover, the attack of the Demon Drawing Whip was not a physical attack, but a magical attack!