“Mr Chen, what are we going to do?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked as she looked towards Chen Ping!
After all, the few of them did not have that many spirit stones to take out!
Even if they were to ask the Zhu Family Town to come up with it, they probably wouldn’t be able to come up with it right now, after all, in order to heal Zhu Yuanji, the resources of the Zhu Family Town were almost all going to be depleted!
“I’ll go and ask!”Chen Ping walked towards the woman!
Although Chen Ping did not have any spirit stones on him, he did have Purple Gold Spirit Coins, which could be used as money, and of course could also be used as cultivation resources!
“This young lady, I don’t have that many spirit stones on me, I wonder if I can use the Violet Gold Spirit Coin instead?”
Chen Ping asked to the woman!
“Of course.”The woman finished speaking and reached out her hand towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping directly returned the Violet Gold Spirit Coin that the woman had given him!
The woman held the Purple Gold Spirit Coin with a slight smile and said, “You can go in, I gave you this Purple Gold Spirit Coin just to give you a chance to enter, after all, my people were rude to you just now!”
Chen Ping froze, then let out a bitter smile and said, “Then why do you need to give me the purple gold spirit coins more than necessary, just let me in directly for free won’t it ……”
“That won’t do, this is the rule, the rule cannot be broken ……”
The woman shook her head!
Chen Ping could not help but smile, he felt that this woman was quite cute, cute and somewhat stubborn!
“Then these two companions of mine ……”
Chen Ping pointed at Ji Yun followed by Zhu Qingxiu.
“Treat them equally, one hundred thousand spirit stones, or take out the equivalent amount of purple gold spirit coins!”
The woman spoke!
“Alright, I hope that this trip to the Divine Demon Battlefield will earn back this entrance fee ……”
Chen Ping smiled and casually took out two more bags of Violet Gold Spirit Coins from his storage ring!
Seeing Chen Ping casually take out two bags of Violet Gold Spirit Coins, the woman’s expression clearly froze for a moment!
After all, someone who could so casually take out so many Purple Gold Spirit Coins was by no means an ordinary person, and might have a huge force behind him!
The woman received the purple gold spirit coins and then asked, “Dare I ask how this Taoist friend is addressed?”
“Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping directly stated his name!
Since he knew that the other party was not from the Demon Sealing Alliance, there was no need for Chen Ping to hide his identity!
As expected, the woman did not have any change in expression when she heard the word Chen Ping, it looked like she did not know Chen Ping, and even more so, she did not know about the Hundred Years of Offerings of the Demon Sealing Alliance chasing after Chen Ping!
Seeing the woman’s expression, Chen Ping’s heart finally breathed a sigh of relief, the woman was not a person from the Demon Sealing Alliance and did not know about herself, in that case, Chen Ping would be relatively much safer in the Divine Demon Battlefield!
“My name is Lin Ke Ting, they all call me Xiao Ting ……”
The woman followed Chen Ping and introduced herself as well!
“Miss ……”
The Right Blind Elder opened his mouth to try to remind Lin Keting of something, but he was glared at by Lin Keting, and the words on his lips were retracted!
“Miss Lin, we will meet again, see you on the Divine Demon Battlefield ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he was about to lead Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu into the cave entrance!
But just as he turned around, Lin Keting suddenly called out to him, “Wait ……”
“Does Miss Lin still have something to do?”
Chen Ping looked at that Lin Keting in surprise and asked!
“Did you just say God and Demon Battlefield? How do you know that this is not a relic, but a Divine Demon Battlefield?”
Lin Keting only reacted at this moment!
One had to know that everyone had mistakenly thought that this place was an ancient relic, while only Chen Ping had claimed that it was a Divine Demon Battlefield!
“What’s so difficult about that, the aura of that Divine Demon Battlefield has leaked out, so of course I knew about it.”
“And this isn’t the first Divine Demon Battlefield I’ve entered, so I can detect it!”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he then turned around with Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu and walked into the cave entrance without paying any attention to Lin Keting!
Lin Keting gazed at Chen Ping’s back, her expression becoming grave!