Hearing what the Second Elder said, Sheng Jiahui, on the other hand, was furious!
Chen Ping even slapped him across the face!
Slap!
This slap directly turned the Second Elder’s face into a pig’s head!
“You f*cking pig brain ah, the Demon Sealing Alliance is your father ah, to help you guys develop, they are just using you as subordinates.”
“The Demon Sealing Alliance has recruited countless cultivators under the slogan of eliminating demons and defending the way, in fact, they are not even trying to eradicate demonic cultivators, but to control those demonic cultivators and follow them to co-operate.”
“What skills does your Sheng Family have, other than knowing a few magic talismans, what would the Demon Sealing Alliance look for in your Sheng Family?”
“After your Sheng family gives the little you know to the Demon Sealing Alliance, you’ll see what the Demon Sealing Alliance does to you.”
“Simply confused to the extreme ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t wait to slap this Second Elder to death, there were still such foolish people in the world!
If the Sheng Family really joined the Demon Sealing Alliance and became a rudder, then there would be no autonomy to speak of, and it would become a complete puppet!
The Second Elder’s eyes were filled with a fierce light as he was slapped by Chen Ping!
“Hmph, what kind of a thing are you to be meddling in our Sheng family’s affairs here, now that it’s in your hands, kill or die as you please.”
“But I’m dying for the prosperity of the Sheng family, die honourably, die where you want.”
“Sooner or later, one day, the Sheng family will remember today.”
The Second Elder snorted coldly and said without the slightest fear!
Chen Ping looked at the stubborn look of the second elder and instantly lost the desire to ask any further questions!
“Bai Shao, get this old stubborn man killed, get him killed for me, break his head open, I’ll see if it’s filled with sh*t.”
Chen Ping huffed!
If not for the fact that following Sheng Bushi was considered some friendship, Chen Ping would not bother with the Sheng family’s own domestic affairs!
After hearing this, Bai Shao nodded, and then was about to slap towards that Second Elder’s head!
“Don’t ……”
Seeing this, Sheng Jiahui hurriedly stopped Bai Shao, then looked towards Chen Ping and said “Mr Chen, the Second Elder is also considered loyal to the Sheng Family, he is just bewitched.”
“I also hope that I can keep him alive, I believe that he will be able to come to his senses.”
Sheng Jiahui did not want to see the Second Elder killed!
The Grand Elder had already died in the family infighting, if the Second Elder was killed in, the strength of the Sheng family would be depleted in the slow infighting!
At that time, even if Sheng Bushi was to regain control of the Sheng Family, I’m afraid that the Sheng Family would have long since lost its previous strength!
“Alright, now tell me the location where the Sheng Family Head is being held, I can spare your life.”
Chen Ping looked at the second elder and said!
“Impossible, I will not let you stop the Sheng Family from joining the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Second Master is already following the Demon Sealing Alliance to get in touch with them, in a few days, our Sheng Family will have officially joined the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“The second master said that as long as the Sheng family joins the Demon Sealing Alliance, the family head can be released, and by then, the wood will have been turned into a boat, and the family head won’t be able to change it.”
The Second Elder said with an air of righteousness!
Chen Ping looked at the Second Elder’s look of righteousness and became furious, a slap had smacked over!
Only, this slap was heavy!
The second elder directly fainted!
“Mr Chen ……” Sheng Jiahui was surprised, thinking that Chen Ping had killed the Second Elder!
“He’s fine, he just fainted.”
Chen Ping explained, then said to Ji Yun “Lock up this stubborn old man, it seems that we need to personally find that Sheng Tiantai and have a chat.”
Chen Ping knew that this matter was all because of that Sheng Tiantai!
In order to solve it, one would have to solve Sheng Tiantai first before he could do so.
Ji Yun nodded and shut that Second Elder up directly, in order to prevent the Second Elder from escaping, Chen Ping had laid down spell formations around the room!
Although the Sheng family was known for their spell formations, but the spell formation that Chen Ping had laid down was almost impossible for the second elder to break through.