“Hmph, a mere illusion formation, still wanting to trap me, simply ridiculous ……”
Elder Qi said with a cold snort!
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly as he stared dead on at that Elder Qi!
“I didn’t expect that you are actually a demonic cultivator, the hiding is really deep, even if you expose your breath, I surprisingly didn’t detect it.”
Chen Ping looked at Elder Qi and said!
“Kid, since you know my identity, you are bound to die.”
Killing intent flickered in Elder Qi’s eyes!
Knight Star on the side also looked surprised, it looked like he didn’t know that Elder Qi was actually a devil cultivator either!
“It seems that devil cultivators are really pervasive, and there are habitats within the Beast Race King City.”
“Everyone cries out to fight against devil cultivators, yet everyone secretly colludes with devil cultivators to build up their strength, so it looks like no matter if it’s the Devil Race, the Human Race or the Beast Race, they’re all the same bird ah!”
Chen Ping said with some emotion!
“Less f*cking nonsense, today I will kill you guys first before ……”
Elder Qi’s face was filled with confidence at the moment!
Since he dared to reveal his identity, it proved that he had the confidence to decapitate Chen Ping and Ji Yun, or else he would definitely get into trouble if his identity was revealed!
After Elder Qi finished speaking, the Soul Drawing Streamer waved, and the entire battlefield was unexpectedly shrouded under a side of ghostly green light!
These rays of light slowly fell down and attached themselves to the dead corpses, and immediately after, those dead corpses, unexpectedly all slowly stood up!
Looking at the hundreds of corpses resurrected, each one full of hideousness towards himself, Ji Yun was startled!
This horrifying scene, he had never seen it before!
When Chen Ping saw this, he frowned slightly, and his eyes seemed to carry a few moments of doubt!
Chen Ping violently opened his hand, and the Dragon Beheading Sword instantly appeared in his hand!
The Dragon Beheading Sword was then swung forwards violently, and a terrifying sword qi reaped forwards like a scythe!
With this sword, dozens of dead corpses were cut off at the waist and died once more!
And at the same time as these dozens of dead corpses were cut off at the waist, an unnoticeable dao patterned baleful aura emerged from these dead corpses, which was then absorbed by Chen Ping!
After this sword, Chen Ping’s face immediately revealed a wide smile, he did not expect that his guess was right!
Just now when those dead corpses were resurrected, Chen Ping thought that this Elder Qi was most likely of the Yin Demon lineage!
Especially that Soul Drawing Streamer, with its gloomy and chilling aura, it was clearly a weapon that only the Yin Demon lineage would use!
Now that the sword had chopped down, the dao patterned baleful aura within that dead body further convinced Chen Ping of this!
“Mr Chen, this …… this scene, you still laughing?”
Ji Yun looked at the hundreds of dead corpses, slowly coming towards him, not understanding how Chen Ping could still laugh!
“Why can’t you laugh, these can be resources ah.”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
Although there wasn’t much dao line balefulness on these dead corpses, a mosquito’s leg was also meat!
After saying that, flames instantly rose on Chen Ping’s body, forming a protective shield around his body as he rushed directly into the group of corpses with the Dragon Cutting Sword in hand!
Every time the sword went down, patches of dead corpses would fall to the ground once again!
Chen Ping enjoyed all of this, the movements in his hands flipping like flowing clouds and water!
Elder Qi, on the other hand, was struggling to wave his Soul Drawing Streamer, and the Dao Pattern Fatal Qi within his body continued to be injected into the Soul Drawing Streamer, which then transformed into a piece of ghostly green light that landed on those dead corpses!
Elder Qi knew that with the strength of these dead corpses, it was impossible to kill Chen Ping, but there was one thing that could be done, and that was to consume Chen Ping’s power!
Hundreds and thousands of dead corpses, without fear, charged towards Chen Ping, and Chen Ping would have to exert all his strength to kill these dead corpses that had already died once!
When Chen Ping’s body was depleted of all kinds of power, he would be waiting to be harvested!
Elder Qi’s calculations were very good, but he did not expect that Chen Ping would not only not consume the power in his body when he killed these dead corpses, but he would also absorb the Dao Pattern Fatalities and enhance his strength!