Even if Chen Ping’s natural talent was superior, it would be a pipe dream to think that he could defeat the seventh rank of the Transition Realm by relying on the first rank of the Transition Realm!
After all, the difference in realms was too great!
Chen Ping ran quickly, while the demonic cultivator thought that Chen Ping was trying to escape.
“Good boy, there is indeed some skill, being hit by the old man, he still has the strength to escape!”
“But it’s futile for you to escape any way you can!”
The demonic cultivator sneered and instantly chased after him!
Chen Ping performed the Royal Fire Steps, a ball of flame rising under his feet, and although he had not yet fully comprehended it, his speed was indeed much faster!
“I didn’t expect that you kid would also play with fire, then today I will compare you to who all flames are powerful!”
Saying so, that demonic cultivator instantly threw out a ball of fire!
The fireball caught up with Chen Ping at an extremely fast speed and then exploded above Chen Ping’s head!
A large amount of flames directly covered Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping’s entire body in flames, the demonic cultivator laughed out loud!
“Haha, the taste of burning in flames is not pleasant, right, if you hand over the Demon Drawing Whip to me now, I can let you suffer less from the punishment of burning in flames.”
The demonic cultivator laughed and watched with a playful face as Chen Ping struggled in the blazing fire!
Soon, Chen Ping did not move, then when the demonic cultivator saw this, he waved his hand, and the blazing flames disappeared in an instant.
But after the flames disappeared, he was surprised to find that Chen Ping was standing intact!
And around Chen Ping’s body, there was a ghostly blue flame pulsating, seemingly protecting Chen Ping!
Seeing this scene, the demonic cultivator’s eyes instantly widened, his face full of incredulity!
“You …… even have a supreme flame? Where did you get this Supreme Flame from?”
That demonic cultivator asked at Chen Ping!
“Why should I tell you, what kind of a thing are you.”
“That Demonic Supreme Flame of yours won’t work when it meets this Supreme Flame of mine, it won’t be able to harm me at all.”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted as he said!
“Kid, since you are so rampant, let’s see whether your Supreme Fire is powerful or mine!”
That demonic cultivator waved both of his palms, and two flaming red flames climbed rapidly towards mid-air!
Afterwards, they exploded like fireworks, and then the two flames merged together and raced down from the mid-air!
Just as the fireworks were descending and Chen Ping’s attention was drawn to the fireworks in the sky, several flames emerged from around Chen Ping’s feet!
Soon a flame cage appeared, trapping Chen Ping inside!
At this time, the fireworks in the sky were even more powerful than just now!
Chen Ping was trapped in the flaming cage and had no way to break free!
“I don’t believe that you can still resist being trapped here!”
That demonic cultivator snorted coldly and watched as Chen Ping was incinerated!
Chen Ping, facing the blazing to fire, instead of being afraid, the corners of his mouth even rose and he directly laughed!
In fact, just now, Chen Ping was provoking this fellow!
Only when this fellow had brought the Supreme Flame to the extreme could Chen Ping absorb the other party’s Supreme Flame!
Only to see the Origin Star of Fire within Chen Ping’s body begin to flicker as a suction force emanated from the Origin Star!
Those blazing Supreme Flames were being absorbed by that stream of suction!
Soon, the flames became smaller and smaller, and in the end, even that flame cage disappeared!
That demonic cultivator’s face was unbelievable!
He hadn’t recalled the Supreme Flame, and the Supreme Flame had disappeared?
This sudden change caused him to freeze for a moment!
Chen Ping then took the opportunity to crack a whip!
The demonic cultivator came back to his senses and tried to dodge, but found that it was too late!
He was not prepared at all and did not even expect Chen Ping to be able to escape this flame cage!
Splat!
The Demon Drawing Whip fiercely lashed at that demonic cultivator’s body!
With a miserable scream, that demonic cultivator’s body instantly flew backwards!
The expression became incomparably painful!