In the great hall of the Heavenly Martial Gate, the time for worship had now arrived.
Xiao Lan secretly lifted the cover and began to look for where Chen Ping was.
“Where did this guy run off to? He couldn’t have sold me and run off on his own ……”
Xiao Lan anxiously searched for Chen Ping, but unfortunately, there was no sign of him at all.
“The auspicious time has arrived, please invite the new couple to worship Heaven and Earth ……”
A Grand Master of the Heavenly Martial Sect shouted loudly.
Xia Chao looked at Xiao Lan with excited eyes, his face was all smiles, after worshipping the heaven and earth, they could enter the bridal chamber, then he could suck all the Yin Qi out of Xiao Lan’s body without her knowledge, at that time, Xia Chao would be able to jump several realms directly and step directly into the realm of Martial Sect.
Just ask how many people in the entire world wanted to be as young as him to be a Martial Sect?
Just thinking about the possibility of being the youngest Martial Sect in the Martial Dao world, Xia Chao could not hide the excitement in his heart.
“Prince Xia, on this big day, why is Sect Master Xia not here?”
Looking at the high hall with empty chairs, the head of the Dali asked in confusion.
What kind of person would have their son get married and the old man not be there.
“My father has some important things to do, he has been away for more than half a month, it will take some time before he can come back, the wedding is a matter between me and Lan, it doesn’t matter if my parents are there or not, besides the Miao King didn’t come either, right?”
Xia Chao explained with a faint smile at that Dali head.
The Dali head did not say anything, but Xiao Lan, who had been covered with a red head, spoke up.
“It’s too inauspicious for parents not to attend this kind of big day, I think it’s better to wait until after Sect Master Xia returns ……”
Xiao Lan said, surprisingly taking the red cover off herself.
How could she really follow Xia Chao to worship heaven and earth, wouldn’t that really make her his wife, Xiaolan didn’t agree.
Now that Chen Ping had gone away, Xiaolan could only use this as an excuse.
Xia Chao’s face was cold: “I said, my father has gone on an errand and won’t be back until some time later, moreover the day has been booked and quite a few people know about it, if the wedding doesn’t take place, won’t I become a laughing stock?”
“I don’t care, I won’t pay my respects without my parents anyway ……”
After Xiaolan finished speaking, she turned around and was about to leave.
At this time, Xiao Lan had long cursed Chen Ping in her heart, Chen Ping had said that he would only let Xiao Lan do the deed and would not really let her follow Xia Chao to pay her respects, but now that it was time, Chen Ping’s shadow was nowhere to be seen.
But just as Xiao Lan walked to the entrance of the main hall, she was stopped directly by someone from the Heavenly Martial Sect.
“Aren’t you playing a trick on me by just leaving like that? Without my asking, let me see if you can walk out of the Heavenly Martial Sect?”
Xia Chao said with a gloomy face.
Xiao Lan looked at the Tianwu Sect’s people who were leering at her, and each of them also carried a murderous aura, so she could only turn her head to look at Xia Chao and said, “Is it not looking down on me that your father is not here for such an important occasion? Of course I can’t worship with you ……”
“I tell you, this hall today, you have to worship even if you worship or not, now this is Tianwu Sect, not your Miao Cottage, even if it is in your Miao Cottage, I am not afraid of you ……”
Xia Chao directly tore his face off and threatened at Xiaolan.
After all, the Tianwu Sect was stronger than the Miao Cottage, not to mention that this was still on the territory of the Tianwu Sect.
As soon as Xia Chao’s words fell, the Tianwu Sect’s disciples flashed their weapons, which scared Xiaolan and those members of the Miao Cottage who had come with them.
If Xia Chao wanted to make a move against them, this was in the territory of the Tianwu Sect, and they did not have the slightest chance of winning.
Looking at the panicked look of the Miao Village crowd, the corner of Xia Chao’s mouth lifted.
“Xiaolan, I just adore you, besides, the Miao King has also promised me, isn’t it good for our two strong families to join forces? Why do you want to backtrack? You should think about these people of your Miao Village ……”