Now that Chen Ping had full control of the Purple Flame Sect, if he were to push Gu Tianzhao to the position of the Two Yi Sect’s Sect Leader, Chen Ping believed that the Two Yi Sect would also be at his disposal!
Coupled with the fact that there was still a Ji Family in the Central Region that could help, Chen Ping should have no problem dealing with a Feng Family by combining these people!
Chen Ping could not just run away, he needed to show his strength when necessary to do so!
Towards the evening, Chen Ping received a notification from Gu Tianzhao, telling gave Chen Ping an address!
He told Chen Ping to go to that address and wait for him!
Chen Ping went without the slightest hesitation, he was not afraid that Gu Tianzhao would lie to himself and set up an ambush!
Because that Gu Tianzhao was not stupid, and was also very smart!
So a smart person would never do that!
Chen Ping followed the place given by Gu Tianzhao and came to a small mountain that was a thousand miles away from the Purple Flame Sect!
The environment on the mountain was very good, not knowing how much better it was compared to the hot desert land of the Purple Flame Sect!
When Chen Ping arrived, Gu Tianzhao was already waiting for him!
“I’ve already tried the Divine Ripple Ancestor, and he is refusing to see outsiders.”
“Now there is only one way for you to meet the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor, and that is to pretend to join our Two Yi Sect.”
“I can be your guide, and with your art of formations, it’s more than enough for you to join our Two Yi Sect.”
“You can continue to use the methods you used in the Violet Flame Sect to help me take the position of Sect Master in the Two Yi Sect!”
Gu Tianzhao said!
“Let me join your Two Yi Sect? Won’t I be recognised?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
One must know that those within the Two Yi Sect could be experts in formations, and it would be difficult to change one’s breath and appearance to fool these people!
“Don’t worry, no one would dare to be worse than the people I brought with me, I still have the right to say whatever I want in the Two Yi Sect.”
Gu Tianzhao was very confident!
“Then why do you still have to be this Sect Master?”Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Of course it’s for the resources, I only have the right to condense divine lines and distribute blood jades if I am the Sect Master at that time.”
“Although I can mobilise anyone in the Two Yi Sect now, I can’t be the master for the distribution of resources!”
Gu Tianzhao explained!
Chen Ping knew that everything was caused by resources, in the Celestial Realm resources were the most important!
Even if you were able to command a thousand armies, it was still not as good as having a large land of resources!
“Alright, I promise you!”
Chen Ping nodded!
When Gu Tianzhao saw Chen Ping agree, he said with some curiosity, “If you promise me so quickly, aren’t you afraid that after I trick you into going to the Two Yi Sect, I will directly arrest you and send you to the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
Now that Gu Tianzhao already knew Chen Ping’s identity, Chen Ping still dared to promise, which made Gu Tianzhao a little strange!
“Hahaha, you’re a smart person, I’m sure you won’t do that.”
“What’s more, I have absolute certainty that I will kill all of you when you are about to make a move to capture me.”
Chen Ping smiled broadly, his eyes filled with confidence!
Gu Tianzhao could only let out a bitter smile as he looked at Chen Ping’s confident look!
He had personally seen Chen Ping defeat Huo Dong and use the Demonic Soul within his body to defeat Ghost Face Sect Patriarch Wei Tianya!
He had also directly stepped on Huo Yuan Ting’s feet, making Huo Yuan Ting not dare to make a move!
This kind of strength, if they really had to fight for their lives!
They, the Two Yi Sect, would not necessarily have the ability to capture Chen Ping, especially with the power of Chen Ping’s array art!
Thinking back to his blood refining cage, when it was broken open by Chen Ping’s hard work, Gu Tianzhao was really scared out of his wits!
“What I need is the position of Sect Master, as for that Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, I am not interested.”
“You and I are both smart people, we know what we can and cannot ask for.”
“If one insists on wanting something outside of one’s power, then the result will be like Huo Yuan Ting’s father and son, who ended up with nothing.”
Gu Tianzhao said with a smile!