Ten Spell Masters, too, had simply vanished in the blink of an eye, with nothing left of them from the heavenly lightning blast!
Even these ten masters of magic did not even have the ability to resist and dodge!
Shimazakueno was dumbfounded, staring dumbfounded at Chen Ping in front of him!
And after a brief moment of shock, those samurai began to swarm towards Chen Ping, attacking from all sides with their weapons!
They wanted to use the tactics of the sea of men to kill Chen Ping alive!
Unfortunately, their thinking was doomed to be wrong.
In Chen Ping’s eyes, they were mere ants, and a single sword could kill them all.
Even if there were more of them, it was only a matter of wielding two more swords!
The Dragon Chopper emitted a bloodthirsty green aura, and with a single stroke of the sword, dozens of warriors around Chen Ping would instantly be cut in two!
Soon, there were only a few of the hundreds of warriors left in the square at this moment!
The entire square had long since been covered in blood and severed limbs!
At this moment, the remaining samurai could no longer hold on!
Even with their bushido mindset in control, they could not hold on any longer.
Some samurai could not bear the smell of blood and began to vomit!
Some began to go insane and ran around like mad!
Others turned their heads and began to run away, no longer having the same fearless spirit they had just had.
At this moment, all the samurai spirit was completely trampled on by Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Shimaza Genno knew that if this continued, he too would be finished, so he took advantage of Chen Ping’s inattention and slammed his fist out towards him!
This Shimazaki Xuan Ye was at the peak of Martial Marquis strength, even stronger than that Kawaguchi Kazuo!
With this punch, Shimada Xuan Ye exploded with all his strength, for he knew that he only had this one chance!
At this moment, Shimazaki Xuan Ye was like a bull in a frenzy, ruthlessly heading towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping turned around violently and slammed his fist out as well!
Rumble …………
After a deafening roar, the two ma*sive forces collided together!
The fallout from the collision instantly lifted the entire shrine out of the sky!
Chen Ping’s body did not move, while that Shimazaki Kurono flew straight backwards!
He fell heavily to the ground and a mouthful of blood gushed out!
Chen Ping looked at the towering statue, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly slashed ……
The huge statue was directly cut off at the waist and collapsed with a crash!
And a black mist instantly flew out from within the statue and immediately headed towards that island Zuo Xuan Ye!
Chen Ping knew that this black mist must be the spirit of that Shimazakin, and that he wanted to use Shimazakin’s body!
Chen Ping wouldn’t let him win, so he swung his Dragon Cutting Sword towards Shimazakueno!
The severely injured Shimazakieno, looking at Chen Ping’s rapid sword energy, had no time to dodge!
Poof …………
Shimazakueno’s head was instantly chopped off and thrown far away!
The black mist stayed in front of Shimazaki Xuan Ye, and slowly this black mist coalesced into a human form!
“Kid, you dare to kill my descendants ……”
Shimazaki looked at Chen Ping in anger!
“Not only will I kill your descendants, I will also have to refine you ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, facing Shimazakin who only had a divine soul, it was much easier to deal with than that Toyotomi Hideyoshi!
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
Now he was only a spirit, so there was no way he could stop this huge suction.
In the end, it was sucked directly into Chen Ping’s stomach!
The Heart Condensation Technique quickly spun far and wide, quickly refining that Island Zuojin’s divine soul!
Looking at the corpses all over the ground, Chen Ping was expressionless!
“Next family …………”
Putting away the Dragon Chopping Sword, Chen Ping slowly walked towards the bottom of the mountain!
And at this moment, that Yellow Hair also drove his racing car to the top of the mountain, looking at the mountain full of mutilated limbs and blood, he was instantly dumbfounded!
Chen Ping grinned faintly as he pa*sed by that Yellow Hair.
It was this smile that stayed in Yellow Hair’s mind for the rest of his life …………