“Mr Chen, you won’t be able to block this sword path ……”
Xiao Yuanshan said as he looked towards Chen Ping!
If so many of them couldn’t block it, how could Chen Ping block it alone!
Moreover, Chen Ping’s strength was only the seventh rank of the Transitional Abruptions Realm.
“Emperor Xiao don’t worry, I’m not using my strength, I’m using treasures!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly sacrificed that Dragon Tattoo Bell from his storage ring!
In the sky, a large bell suddenly appeared!
Along with that, the large bell grew larger and larger, and then held Chen Ping and all of them inside!
The people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were all horrified, not knowing what this Dragon Tattoo Bell was!
Wasn’t this trapping them inside?
But before Xiao Yuanshan could ask Chen Ping, the bell sounded at this time!
The raging sword dao continuously struck the dragon pattern bell!
Although a sound was emitted, however, it could not injure the people within the Dragon Tattoo Bell at all!
The appearance of the Dragon Marked Bell surprised the Tenth Highness, Zuo Tianzheng, and the others!
Daoist Wuji also looked twice more!
The sword path crossed, and then an invisible sword unexpectedly chopped towards Daoist Wuji!
This was the Sword of Intent, invisible and most deadly!
Chen Ping sensed that the Sword Dao had departed, and only then did he raise the Dragon Tattoo Bell!
Just now, the Sword Dao emitted by that longsword alone had left Chen Ping and the rest of them in a sorry state!
And how terrifying was this invisible sword right now, chopping at Daoist Wuji!
Daoist Wuji remained motionless, the duster in his hand still waving in that breathless manner!
Boom!
The invisible sword instantly exploded!
But at this moment, the longsword in the hand of the Tenth Highness, even autonomously arrived at the top of Daoist Wuji’s head!
The sword spirit had manifested itself, so the longsword was completely capable of attacking on its own!
In this way, the Tenth Highness was like having an extra helper!
Looking at the longsword being manipulated by the sword spirit, the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty could hardly hide their nervousness!
One Tenth Highness was that powerful, and now another sword spirit had appeared, two against one!
Would Daoist Wuji be able to keep it up?
At this moment, Daoist Wuji moved!
His body suddenly rushed towards the sky with great speed!
Behind him, a sword dao power erupted, constantly chasing after Daoist Wuji!
A sword dao power exploded like fireworks before emanating countless sword qi!
The sword qi fell like rain!
Sword Qi fell like rain!
The figures of the Tenth Highness and the Wuji Daoist were no longer visible at this moment!
No one knew if the Tenth Highness with the addition of the sword spirit was a match for that Wuji Daoist!
At this time, no matter if it was Xiao Yuanshan or Zuo Tianzheng, all of them had their hearts in their throats!
Because no one knew who won and who lost!
In the sky, the crowd could only see a faint flash of white light!
The exact battle could no longer be seen!
In about a dozen breaths!
Daoist Wuji followed the Ten Highnesses all back!
The two people did not see anything different, and even more so, they could not see who had won and who had lost!
The crowd wanted to ask who had won, but no one dared to ask!
The heavens and earth fell into a deathly silence!
“Puff ……”
Suddenly, a mouthful of blood spurted out from the Tenth Highness!
“Old mongrel, you wait for me, I will definitely seek revenge on you.”
After saying that, the Tenth Highness’s figure instantly disappeared as a residual shadow!
The Tenth Highness ran away!
Only Zuo Tianzheng and the others were left, each looking at each other!
These people from the Demon Sealing Alliance were all dumbfounded!
Especially Zuo Tianzheng, just now, didn’t that 10th Highness say that the people of the Divine Race, how could they retreat, that was a humiliation for them!
But what is it now?
Not retreating, but fleeing?
Isn’t fleeing even more humiliating?
He even left his own people behind and fled?
Zuo Tianzheng wanted to curse, but this was not the time to curse!
“Allied Lord what do we do?”
A cultivator asked!
Zuo Tianzheng cleared his throat and pretended to be calm, “Don’t be afraid, hold steady ……”
After saying this, Zuo Tianzheng’s figure also instantly disappeared, turning into a stump and running away!
The others saw this, and instantly scattered and ran!
What are you waiting for if you don’t run?
Waiting to be killed?