“Second Master Luo, just tell us what you need us to do? We all listen to you!”
“This Chen Ping actually dared to kill even Young Master Luo, he simply deserves to die!”
“He didn’t just kill Young Master Luo, Chen Ping is provoking our entire Mo Bei martial arts community!”
“Yes, capture that Chen Ping, kill him and avenge Young Master Luo!”
Numerous clans and families shouted.
“Good then, we can set off right away, I will immediately send a war letter to the Vicious Valley, if they dare to harbour that Chen Ping, then they will be made to pay the price!”
When Luo Jinzuo saw so many people supporting him, he came to his senses.
“Second Master, I think we should take a long view and wait for the Master to come out!”
“After all, we have a long way to go from Mo Bei to the Valley of the Wicked, plus it’s Kyoto’s territory!”
“With so many of us out, we will definitely alert the top, and when the officials step in, it won’t be easy.”
The butler whispered to Luo Jinzuo and reminded him.
“I’ve said it all, giving war letters to the Evil Valley, we are settling our grudges in a normal way, where does the official care!”
“You go aside and stay out of it, I see you don’t even put me, the second master, in your eyes.”
Luo Jinzuo said with a disgusted look at the butler.
Seeing this, the butler didn’t dare to say anything else, and could only pray that, Luo Jinyou would be able to get out of the gate as soon as possible.
Soon after, Luo Jinzuo publicly published a battle statement on top of the martial arts forum.
The Mo Bei Luo Family united with the entire Mo Bei martial dao community to publicly declare war on the Vicious Valley, unless the Vicious Over could hand over the murderer Chen Ping.
Otherwise, they would have to cleanse the Wicked Valley in blood, leaving no one behind!
As soon as this news was released, it instantly exploded into a frenzy.
The entire Northern Desert martial arts community had declared war on the Vicious Valley, this was a big deal!
The Wicked Valley was not bad, but it was afraid that it would be weaker if it had to face the entire Northern Desert martial dao community.
“Why is the Mo Bei Luo family fighting with the Wicked Valley? The two families don’t have any problems with each other!”
“Don’t you see? It’s about that Chen Ping again. I heard that Chen Ping killed the young master of the Luo family, do you think the Luo family can’t be angry?”
“What’s the connection between Chen Ping and the Vicious Valley? The Vicious Valley is actually fighting for the entire martial arts community in the north of the desert to protect Chen Ping!”
“Wait for a good show, such a great battle hasn’t been seen in years.”
The forum was full of people talking and paying attention to this upcoming great battle.
Such a battle would surely be a bloodbath.
The Ning Family of Kyoto!
Ning Zhi had also seen the news on the forum, and an imperceptible smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.
“Young master, the Luo family has already set off with the many clan families in the north of the desert, and it is estimated that they will arrive at the Valley of Evil in three days’ time!”
At this moment, the Ning Family’s butler hurriedly came running and said.
“Haha, I really didn’t expect that this Luo family’s rallying power was really good, and that they could really rally the entire martial arts community in the north of Desert!”
“Now I’ll see how the Vicious Valley can still resist, and that Chen Ping, he’s bound to die ……”
Ning Zhi had a fierce smile on his face.
“Young master, then what do we do next? If the Luo family uses the entire Desolate North Martial Dao Realm, there will be no way for us to intervene then.”
The butler asked.
“Don’t worry about it, put everyone’s on standby, after this time, our Ning Family might be able to become the leader of the Desolate North Martial Dao Realm.”
“By then, the entire Northern Desert Martial Dao world will be under the command of my Ning Family, plus our power in Kyoto.”
“I’ll see who else can follow my Ning Family in resistance? As for that Dong family, I will destroy them sooner or later!”
“Hahahaha …… hahaha …………”
Ning Zhi threw back his head in triumph and laughed out loud.
Ning Zhi’s ambition was getting bigger and bigger, going so far as to replace the Luo Family and become the leader of the Desolate North Martial Dao Realm, but this time if the Luo Family or even the entire Desolate North Martial Dao Realm was hit hard, it would be an opportunity.