“As for the other tokens, we can only take it one step at a time.”
He secretly pondered in his heart, if he could gather all the tokens, he might truly uncover the secrets of the Tianlin Cave Mansion, or even find an opportunity to enhance his strength.
“Let’s go, to the Seventh Hall…” Chen Ping said.
The strength of the Seventh Hall was far superior to that of the Barbarian Ancient Clan, Tianyan Sect, and Blood Shadow Palace!
After all, the master of the Seventh Hall was an existence at the peak of the Ninth Grade Scattered Immortal Realm!
Moreover, the Seventh Hall was backed by the Divine Clan’s temple, with such a powerful supporter, the temple’s strength was undoubtedly formidable!
So, this time heading to the Seventh Hall, Chen Ping didn’t dare to be too careless!
The group set off towards the Seventh Hall.
Along the way, Chen Ping remained uneasy.
The legend of the Tianlin Cave Mansion was too shocking, and that mysterious organisation clearly had countless connections to it.
The token on Ghost Face, was it a credential to enter the mysterious organisation, or a key to unlocking the ruins of the Tianlin Cave Mansion?
While Chen Ping and his group were heading towards the Seventh Hall, in a mysterious place in the Third Heaven!
The surroundings emitted a white light, and looking around, nothing could be seen but the white light!
But upon stepping into the white light, towering mountains instantly appeared, with grand palaces atop them!
Inside the palace, an old man sat with his eyes closed, as if meditating or cultivating!
In the middle of the hall, a dozen children, each looking around in terror, tears still hanging in their eyes!
“Mummy, I want my mummy…”
“Let us go…”
“I’m scared…”
The children cried out, but the old man seemed not to hear, remaining unmoved!
Around the hall, wisps of collected divine souls and spirits, as if controlled by something, surged towards the children’s bodies!
These divine souls struggled, but it was to no avail!
As the divine souls and spirits continuously entered the children’s bodies, the children stopped crying, their faces becoming ferocious!
In a short moment, all dozen children bled from their seven orifices, their faces turned ashen, and they died!
At this moment, the old man slowly opened his eyes, sighing lightly, “Rubbish…”
With a wave of his hand, the bodies of the dozen children instantly turned to ashes, scattered by a gust of wind!
“Great Elder, something’s wrong…”
“Great Elder, something’s wrong…”
At this moment, a cultivator rushed in, panicked!
“What’s the matter, why so flustered?” The old man frowned!
“Ghost… Ghost Face has been killed…”
The cultivator said softly!
“What?” The old man stood up abruptly, “Say that again?”
“The five ghosts, including Ghost Face, have been killed.”
The cultivator repeated!
“Nonsense, those five are invincible in the entire Third Heaven, who could kill them?”
“And with their ability to summon the ghost beast Taotie, it’s impossible for anyone to kill them.”
The old man roared, refusing to believe it!
In this tiny Third Heaven, no one had the ability to kill his five ghosts.
The combined strength of the five could overpower even a peak Scattered Immortal Realm cultivator!
In this Third Heaven, it was impossible for an Earth Immortal Realm master to appear.
“It’s true, their soul lamps have gone out, extinguished just moments ago.”
The cultivator said helplessly!
“What about the token? The token on Ghost Face, has it been found?”
The old man’s face turned pale, asking anxiously!
The cultivator shook his head, “No, it’s likely lost!”
Thud…
The old man collapsed onto the ground, cold sweat dripping from his forehead!
The token was lost, gone, and his life might be forfeit as well!
“You, go quickly and fetch the Netherworld Two Elders, hurry…”
The old man roared!
The cultivator hurriedly ran out, and soon, accompanied by two terrifying auras, the Netherworld Two Elders arrived.
The white light in the hall suddenly dimmed, and two figures, shrouded in cold ghostly energy, appeared like spectres.