“Humph, a bunch of useless things ……”
The High Priestess snorted coldly, then pulled out a bronze bell, followed by chanting under his breath, a sound wave like a monstrous wave, heading towards that boundary, one wave higher than the other!
Boom ……
Boom ……
Boom ……
The sound waves kept pounding on the boundary, which began to shake violently, and the tremendous recoil caused the High Priest’s face to turn ugly!
“Sneak in and help them out, or else these guys probably won’t be able to get in ……”
Chen Ping said quietly to Hu Pazzi.
Pocky Hu smiled, then pulled out a talisman and casually drew some oddly shaped patterns on it!
As soon as Hu Pazi let go of his hand, the talisman shot up into the sky, and then pasted it directly onto the boundary!
In a flash, the boundary seemed to have received a heavy blow, and immediately began to shatter ……
The moment the boundary collapsed, the High Priest’s forehead was already covered in cold sweat!
“Still the High Priestess is powerful ……”
Daniel bragged to the high priest.
“I didn’t expect this spell formation to be so powerful, it seems like there must be a lot of treasures within this relic ……”
The High Priest said.
Chen Ping couldn’t help but sneer as he listened to that High Priest’s words!
This so-called mountain protection spell formation was actually not a spell formation left behind by the Asking Sword Sect anymore.
Otherwise, it would not have been broken so easily.
Rather, it was just a spell formation that someone had re-laid after entering the Sword Asking Sect!
And at this moment, in the ruins inside the snowy mountain, there were quite a few people in black who were busy.
On top of the main seat sat a foreign man with golden hair and a pair of blue eyes.
And beside the man sat an old man dressed in black robes.
At that moment a man in black came rushing in to report, “Your Highness, someone has broken through the boundary and is already approaching towards here.”
The man frowned, then glanced at the old man beside him!
The old man, on the other hand, had a calm face, “Release the tiger demon, and additionally send someone to secretly intercept them, never let them enter this place.”
“As ordered ……”
The man in black led the order and left!
“Second Priest, what kind of person do you think can break through this boundary?”
The man asked with a strange look on his face.
“Prince Hal, you don’t have to worry, even if these people break through the boundary, they won’t be able to get past the tiger demon behind them, to be able to walk here, they have to go through a dozen formation organs, no one will be able to come in alive!”
The second priest said with a confident face.
“That’s good, we’ve been operating here for several months again, I wonder when we’ll be able to enter the land of the sword mound?”
“As long as we get the sword inside, not to mention a dukedom, even if it’s the throne of a king, how hard could it be?”
Hal’s eyes shone with greedy desire!
“Prince Hal, don’t worry, as long as there are enough crystals, I will be able to break through that land of sword mounds in a few more months.”
The Second Priest a*sured.
“That’s good, I’ll go back and press for the crystal mining.”
“Also my sister is likely to come here to look for some medicine king, when you see her then, kill her ……”
Hal said.
“No problem ……”
The second priest nodded!
Hal walked away, while the second priest walked to a high platform stacked with crystals, a sinister smile on his face.
On the other side, Chen Ping and the others had by now pa*sed through the boundary and continued their climb up the snowy mountain, only the further they went the steeper the path became!
And it was accompanied by a terrifying aura that had to put everyone on their guard!
Suddenly, the High Priestess raised her hand, making everyone stop.
“High Priestess, what is it?”
Daniel asked.
“There is danger, I smell a demonic beast ……”
The High Priestess said with a slight frown!
“Demon beast?” Daniel’s face changed slightly, “Could it be that tiger demon?”
But without waiting for the High Priest to answer, a sudden hissing sound of a fierce tiger came!