Boom …………
With this casual punch from the Blood Devil, the moment the two came into contact, the hunchbacked old man’s face turned extremely ugly!
Because he found that the Blood Devil’s seemingly casual punch contained a very terrifyingly huge force, there was no time to react in any way, and the hunchbacked old man was instantly knocked out of the room.
The hunchbacked old man got up and said with an ugly expression on his face, “This old thing, after thousands of years, a flesh body so still has such great strength?”
The hunchbacked old man had underestimated the power of the Blood Demon, he simply did not know that this body of the Blood Demon was more than just a corpse.
The Blood Devil’s flesh body still retained a trace of its aura, and after so many years of sucking up the energy of the crowd on Penglai Island, if Chen Ping had not appeared, this Blood Devil would have been completely revived.
So the hunchbacked old man had only seen the Blood Devil as a corpse, and that was a big mistake!
When Chen Ping saw that the hunchbacked old man was no match for the Blood Demon, he was overjoyed and immediately manipulated the Blood Demon and attacked towards the hunchbacked old man again.
The hunchbacked old man’s face changed and his palm flicked, followed by a wave in mid-air, and in an instant the sky became dark, and black clouds began to roll in.
Immediately afterwards, this ma*s of black clouds turned into a huge fist and instantly smashed into the Blood Demon!
Chen Ping’s face turned grave as he looked at the spell this hunchbacked old man had cast!
With such a terrifying spell, one could tell just how strong this old man was!
At this moment, Chen Ping truly felt the power behind the Martial Alliance!
The Blood Demon raised his head to look at the huge fist that was viciously smashing down in mid-air, and smashed it straight up!
The Blood Demon’s body looked so small under that huge fist, but this fist struck!
A hurricane of wind soared up and instantly smashed that huge fist to pieces!
The hunchbacked old man’s body jerked backwards, a trace of blood trickling out from the corner of his mouth!
“How could this happen? This old thing is just a puppet corpse, how could it emit such strong power?”
The hunchbacked old man had a million wonders!
After shattering the giant fist with a single punch, the Blood Demon stepped towards the hunchbacked old man who, upon seeing this, thrust his hands into the ground and an incantation began to float in the sky from his mouth!
Rumble …………
After a loud sound, the whole earth began to tremble, and then left a gap nearly a metre wide, and beneath that deep, bottomless gap, only a roar could be heard coming out.
“Come out, hell god dog …………”
Along with the hunchbacked old man’s constant shouting, a wolf dog with a dark body fiercely sprang out from the depths of that bottomless crevice.
The wolf dog that came out seemed to be very gentle, not at all a*sociated with that hellish abyss!
Chen Ping looked at the wolf dog that suddenly emerged from the ground and frowned slightly!
He couldn’t believe it, was there really a hell underground?
And this hunchbacked old man was actually able to make this ordinary secular realm follow the connection of hell and release the vicious dogs inside?
Just as Chen Ping was puzzled, he saw the wolf dog meekly run up to the hunchbacked old man, who cut his finger, and blood instantly gushed out!
And then the wolf dog began to lick the hunchbacked old man’s blood, along with the hunchbacked old man’s blood entering the wolf dog’s body!
The aura on the wolf-dog began to change, its body size grew bigger and bigger, and its eyes were scarlet and red!
That terrifying aura on the wolf dog began to spread!
Chen Ping looked at the wolf dog that was changing in size, and there was a surprisingly shrewd look in his eyes!
Chen Ping wasn’t scared, a bit just excited, if he could kill this Hell God Dog and get the beast pellet, Chen Ping felt that his strength could still increase by a large margin.
Or maybe if he captured this hunchbacked old man and directly sucked up his strength, Chen Ping’s strength could also be boosted.