But right at that moment, Chen Ping grabbed that precious sword and surprisingly followed it directly into the scroll!
In a flash, the precious sword that Chen Ping had grasped instantly turned into a sword light and entered Chen Ping’s brow!
Boom!
Chen Ping felt countless sword awns appearing all around him, these sword awns were densely packed and constantly surging towards his body!
However, with so many sword awns, Chen Ping could not feel the slightest bit of danger, nor did he feel anything!
It was just that within his body, an inexplicable power was growing rapidly!
“Sword intent, could this be sword intent?”
Chen Ping was startled!
Although Chen Ping had also executed sword intent, he had no way of controlling it, and Chen Ping only had a half understanding of sword intent!
However, at this moment, the inexplicable force within his body, Chen Ping instantly perceived that it was sword intent!
Countless sword intent was still surging into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, closed his eyes slightly, enjoying the growth of the sword intent!
Lin Keting, however, was terrified at this moment!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping ……”
She looked at the scroll and kept shouting!
But Chen Ping didn’t move a muscle, as if he couldn’t hear her.
Lin Keting was about to cry in fear, if Chen Ping entered that scroll. If Chen Ping went into the scroll and couldn’t come out, then what would she do?
How could she leave this foreign space?
Lin Keting tried to enter the scroll, but she tried several times in a row without success!
After an unknown period of time, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, and all around him was an inky colour, as if he was in the water, and the space around him was fluctuating!
Chen Ping reached out and grabbed in the Dragon Cutting Sword, just with a gentle wave, a huge sword intent burst out, directly shrouding the surrounding space!
With just this gentle wave, the space around Chen Ping changed, like a large bubble wrapping Chen Ping!
“What is this?”
Chen Ping’s face was filled with incredulity as he looked at the changes in the space around him!
“Could this be a sword domain? Although I am not a sword cultivator, I have heard of sword domains.”
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Sword Domain? What does that mean?”Chen Ping was astonished!
“A Sword Domain is space, a domain opened up with a sword, and within this domain, you are the master!”
“It’s just that you don’t have enough strength right now, this sword domain is a bit small ……”
“But to be able to open up a sword domain, then you are also a person amongst people.”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“This ……”
Chen Ping looked incredulously at the spatial changes around him!
He had never thought that he would be able to open up his own domain, thousands of worlds, vast universes, although there were many spatial worlds that were created by some great powers, with a wave of their hands!
But those were all people of the Heavenly Realm, and they were also very powerful party masters!
He was only a small cultivator of the Ferry Realm, but he could also open up his own domain in this universe and river?
Although this domain was very small, this kind of beginning was indeed good!
Chen Ping’s hand that was holding the Dragon Slashing Sword was gently trembling, and this excitement was overflowing!
Chen Ping, who possessed the sword intent, was holding the Dragon Sword at the moment, and the feeling of sword intent was even more obvious!
Chen Ping once again swung the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand with great vigour!
Boom!
In an instant, a terrifying sword intent erupted, directly breaking the sword domain he had created, causing the entire tower to tremble violently!
The scroll also disappeared under Chen Ping’s strike, and Chen Ping’s figure appeared in front of Lin Keting!
At this moment, Chen Ping finally understood that the scroll should have been the sword domain opened up by the previous suppressive person’s, and then the other party had deliberately left that sword behind in order to find the person with the right destiny!
“You just entered that scroll, but you scared me ……”
Lin Keting saw Chen Ping come out and hurriedly said!
“There is no danger within that scroll, it’s fine.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and put away the Dragon Cutting Sword!