…………
The Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance!
Many clans and families saw that they had no luck in finding Mr. Shi, so they could only come to the Martial Dao Alliance, even Long Jingguo and Long Xiao had come.
Originally, Long Xiao didn’t care, as long as he could absorb Xiao Ru’s strength, after getting Xiao Ru’s armour, he was confident to deal with that black robed man.
However, he had exhausted all his options in the past two days, but he could not get Xiao Ru’s armour. Xiao Ru’s armour had fused with her body and could only be taken off when the armour was revealed.
Before he could get the armour, Long Xiao could not do anything to Xiao Ru, so he could only think of another way.
Although Long Xiao had never seen the strength of Fan Jiang with his own eyes, he had heard about it from Long Jingguo.
Although Long Xiao had never seen Fan Jiang’s strength with his own eyes, he had heard about it from Long Jingguo, who was also a member of the Long family.
If Fan Jiang were to return, their family would be in danger, so Long Jingguo brought Long Xiao straight to the Martial Arts Alliance to discuss countermeasures with Zhu Zhishan!
“Master Zhu, now that there is such a big mess in the martial arts world in Kyoto and the officials are sitting on their hands, now only the Martial Arts Alliance can step in, if the Martial Arts Alliance can catch that black robed man now, I believe that many sects and families will return to the Martial Arts Alliance!”
Long Jingguo said to Zhu Zhishan.
“Master Long, I am also sending people around to investigate, but that black-robed man’s movements are erratic and very irregular, which makes it very difficult for me to do it too ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a slight frown.
“Master Zhu, now rumors say that the black-robed man is Fan Jiang, do you think it’s possible?”
Long Xiao asked to Zhu Zhishan.
“Never ……”
Zhu Zhishan shook his head with conviction.
“Master Zhu, why are you so sure?”
Long Xiao saw Zhu Zhishan was so sure, and was puzzled.
“Back then, that Fan Jiang was forced down the cliff, we saw it with our own eyes, and we also found the corpse under the cliff later, although the corpse was eaten by wild beasts at that time, but it was definitely that Fan Jiang.”
“How can a man who has been dead for more than twenty years be returning?”
“It’s all just a rumour created by some people, in order to cause panic in the martial arts world, I can guarantee that it definitely won’t be that Fan Jiang, and although this black-robed man is also very strong, there is still a gap when compared to Fan Jiang.”
“Back then, that Fan Jiang was a fifth grade Martial Marquis, now more than twenty years later, I’m afraid he would have become a Grand Martial Marquis long ago, or even a Martial Saint.”
“Think about a Martial Saint coming back to seek revenge, is there still a need to cover up?”
Zhu Zhishan gave Long Xiao an analysis, making Long Xiao nod his head repeatedly, feeling that Zhu Zhishan was right.
“Since it’s not that Fan Jiang, who on earth could it be?”
Long Xiao was in a daze, while Long Jingguo was similarly frowning, confused as to what this black-robed man was and what he was after.
After sending the Long family’s father and son away, Zhu Zhishan walked quickly into the dungeon of the Martial Alliance.
And in the deepest part of the dungeon, a black shadow was sitting there, and in front of that black shadow lay a bowl of bright red blood!
“It’s been more than twenty years, I never thought that someone would bring you back up again now, and I thought you had come back for revenge, what a big joke!”
“I don’t know how you could possibly get out after being in our Martial Alliance for over twenty years!”
Zhu Zhishan muttered to the black shadow in front of him.
It turned out that the deepest part of this dungeon was Fan Jiang, the great demon back then, after Fan Jiang fell off the cliff, the Martial Dao Alliance sent someone to save him, and then found a faceless corpse and put it in place to hoodwink the rest of the people!
“After more than twenty years, I have done the same for you, otherwise with your strength, how could you mobilize those hidden evil cultivators ……”
Fan Jiang slowly spoke, and then drank the blood in front of him in one go!
Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything else, but turned around and left!