Now Chen Ping was beginning to admire the owner of this cruise ship!
A group of people, guided by the waiter on the cruise ship this way found the place for the auction!
The place had long been packed with people, it seemed that rich people liked to collect, after all, what was the use of having too much money to spend?
And collecting also has investment value, if you pick up a leak at the auction, you’ll make a profit.
Because of the rules of the auction, you need to pay a deposit before you can participate in the auction, so after Gu Wentian paid the deposit of one million, the crowd then walked in!
Finding a relatively remote place, a few people sat down and waited for the auction to start!
At that moment, Chen Ping saw that Ning Zhi had followed Gu Kaiyuan, only that they were a bit far away from him!
Gu Wentian’s face was full of excitement at this point, and he had been rubbing his fists together.
“Wen Zong, if I come across something good later, you have to support me if I don’t have enough money!”
Gu Wentian came up to Su Wenzong’s ear and said.
“Ancient don’t worry, I’ll definitely support you!”
Su Wenzong smiled and nodded.
“Ancient, I have a card on me, and I don’t know how much money is in it anymore, I guess it can be a few billion, take it first, when you see something you like later, just shoot it ……”
Chen Ping pulled out a bank card from his body and handed it to Gu Wentian.
The money on Chen Ping’s card was all earned from the sale of some medicinal herbs, and from Feng Dong’s mining of ores, and now that he didn’t even care, there would be a constant stream of money deposited into his card!
“No, how can I use your money, you still have plenty of use for it yourself!”
Gu Wentian waved his hand repeatedly!
Gu Mantian knew that Chen Ping needed to spend a lot of money to acquire herbs and various resources everywhere in order to cultivate, so Chen Ping still had use for his money!
Only that Gu Wentian did not know that Chen Ping now rarely used spirit stones, herbs and the like for his cultivation, not to mention that he was now the Pill God Valley’s valley master, so he did not have as many herbs as he wanted, just a pair of Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map was enough for Chen Ping’s cultivation.
“Ancient, I don’t have any more money to spend right now, so just take it ……”
Chen Ping stuffed the card into Gu Wentian’s hand.
Gu Wentian still wanted to push back, but at this time Gu Ling’er spoke up, “Grandpa, if he gives it to you, you can take it, it’s all the family’s money anyway!”
Gu Ling’er’s words caused Gu Wentian to freeze, followed by a loud laugh, “Yes, yes, a family’s money, I’ll take it, I’ll take it ……”
Gu Ling’er also felt as if she had said the wrong thing, and her face instantly turned red!
“Ancient, from now on, we are also a family, later on, if you don’t have enough money, just ask me ……”
Su Wenzong said with a smile on his face.
Chen Ping followed both Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi, neither Su Wenzong nor Gu Wentian had any objections.
They both knew that Chen Ping was by no means a pool animal, and that even if he had three wives and four concubines in the future, it would be nothing!
Soon, the auction was about to begin, and the host walked onto the stage!
“For today’s auction, we are fortunate that Dong Jin is also present, so we would like to invite Dong Jin to come up to the stage and say a few words ……”
As the host’s words fell, a man with a large beard and a big belly walked onto the stage.
This man is called Jin Fusheng, is the most powerful person in South China City, the docks in South China City are all controlled by him, as well as the size of the ships, even this one cruise ship, is also owned by this Jin Fusheng, it can be seen that the financial power of this Jin Fusheng, compared to some families in Kyoto, are more than ever!
Jin Fusheng is a martial artist, and now has the strength of a clan master. In the past, Jin Fusheng made his living by fishing in the sea, but legend has it that Jin Fusheng caught a big fish and found a bead in its stomach, and after swallowing it, Jin Fusheng’s strength increased greatly, which made him control the whole pier!
Over the years, Jin Fusheng’s fleet salvaged a lot of antique jade artefacts, and since Jin Fusheng was a crude person and did not like these things, he started to auction them off, which also increased Jin Fusheng’s financial power and allowed him to slowly gain a firm foothold in South China City!