Chen Ping and the others were still running after the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast!
It had already been a day of running, but the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast surprisingly had no intention of stopping!
“Is this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast okay? Where is it running to?”
Bai Shao glanced at the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast running in front of her and asked with some displeasure!
“In front of us, we have reached the border of Fancheng, in front of us are the five major sects’ residences, after the five major sects’ residences, we can go out of the area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
Luo Shouhai was also a bit puzzled, not understanding why this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast had brought them all the way here!
“Fancheng? Is that the Fancheng City where that Sheng Family is located?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Yes, it’s that Fancheng City where the Sheng Family is located!” Luo Shouhai nodded!
“Could it be that it was someone from Fancheng who moved against the Blood Spirit Valley?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
“Impossible, apart from the Sheng Family in Fancheng which has some strength, the others are all small Harmonisation Realm cultivators, it’s impossible for them to exterminate our Blood Spirit Valley.”
“Even if the Sheng family is out in full force, if they want to exterminate our Blood Spirit Valley, I’m afraid that it won’t be easy, after all, they specialise in the Artistic Talisman Technique, and their true strength isn’t much stronger.”
“Furthermore, our Blood Spirit Valley follows the Sheng Family without any grudges, and the Sheng Family has no reason to do so!”
Luo Shouhai directly dismissed Chen Ping!
“Then this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast running towards this direction is really a bit strange, where else is this direction besides Fancheng?”
Chen Ping asked!
“There is also a Ye City, it is not far from Fancheng, this Ye City has a Ye Family which is considered to be the number one family, and the name of Ye City was also changed from the Ye Family.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man replied!
“Ye City?” Chen Ping didn’t seem to have heard of this name, so he turned to Luo Shouhai and asked “Luo Gu Master, does your Blood Spirit Valley have any grudges following this Ye City’s Ye Family?”
Luo Shouhai shook his head “No, this Ye family is very mysterious, it seems to follow these sects of the Heavenly Demon Mountain and seldom deals with them, this time when the Divine Demon Battlefield opened, the Ye family did not even participate!”
“Forget about anything else for now, it’s been a day of running, better find a place to rest.”
Bai Shao said in a good-natured manner!
“Right, let’s just rest, anyway, the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast remembered that scent, just continue to follow and look for it tomorrow.”
“This little spirit rhinoceros beast is so small, I’m afraid of wearing it out ……”
The fire phoenix was heartbroken for that little spirit rhinoceros beast, running for such a long time, in giving tired!
After all, it had just been born not long ago, and it had started working!
Seeing both Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix saying this, Chen Ping could only nod his head and say “Alright, let’s go to the Fan City in front of us and rest, just in time to pay a visit to the Sheng family head.”
Coming out from the Divine Demon Battlefield, Sheng Bushi had warmly invited Chen Ping, and now that he had this opportunity, Chen Ping also wanted to pay a visit!
Seeing that Chen Ping wanted to go to Fancheng, Luo Shouhai followed the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and looked at each other, then said with a slight embarrassment “Mr Chen, although in this Heavenly Demon Mountain region, no one is deliberately targeting us demonic cultivators, we can’t easily set foot in the middle of human towns either.”
“We can rest here and wait for you, for people who cultivate, it doesn’t matter where we rest.”
“I’m not going to that Fan City either, I’m going to take the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast with me and catch some game for it to eat in the middle of this mountain forest.” Fire Phoenix also did not intend to go to the Fancheng Sheng Family.
“Alright, then the three of us will go, and we will rush back to meet up early tomorrow morning.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and took Ji Yun and Bai Shallow towards Fancheng!
Fancheng was a small town, and the gate to the city looked a little old!
After walking into Fancheng, there was no one to stop Chen Ping, and at the city gates, not even a single guard could be seen!
Chen Ping inquired about the Sheng family, in the entire Fancheng, the Sheng family is almost no one knows, no one knows!
Soon Chen Ping found the Sheng family under the guidance of a passerby!