Just after the Dragon Cutting Sword came out of his body, a strange sound came out from within the abyss on both sides, and Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword began to tremble violently, as if it sensed something.
Chen Ping grabbed the Dragon Cutting Sword, but it was still trembling, and Chen Ping could not control it with all his might, this was the first time Chen Ping could not control the Dragon Cutting Sword!
Soon, Chen Ping’s hand let go and the Dragon Cutting Sword came out of his hand, then it kept buzzing in mid-air, seemingly responding to the sound in the abyss.
“Mr. Chen, what’s going on?”
Fan Jiang asked in surprise.
“I’m not sure, but there should be something within this abyss that is attracting this Dragon Chopper Sword of mine.
Chen Ping looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword that kept buzzing and said with a gloomy expression.
Buzz …………
The light emanated from the Dragon Cutting Sword, and Chen Ping felt that they were looking down with the light from the Dragon Cutting Sword!
Unfortunately, the abyss was so deep that the light from the Dragon Cutting Sword was quickly swallowed up by the darkness!
Chen Ping was afraid that something might happen, so he hurriedly used his mind to control the Dragon Cutting Sword to come back.
But to Chen Ping’s surprise, he found that the connection between him and the Dragon Cutting Sword had disappeared.
This caused Chen Ping’s face to panic!
He knew that he and the Dragon Slashing Sword had already united as one, and they had a psychic connection with each other and the sword spirit!
Now he had suddenly lost the connection, how could this not cause Chen Ping to panic?
Soon, within the abyss, there was a sound of metal clashing, as if two people were fighting with weapons!
Slowly the sound disappeared and the Dragon Chopper Sword returned to mid-air.
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword returned to Chen Ping’s hand.
Looking at the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, it was obvious that there were traces of the battle that had just taken place!
“Could it be that there is someone down here?” Chen Ping was astonished, then asked to Andrew, “Andrew, do you know what is inside this abyss? Is there anyone living there?”
Andrew hurriedly shook his head, “Mr. Chen, I don’t really know this place, it’s also my first time here ……”
As he was saying that, that Omar walked over with his men, Andrew said in a hurry, “That Omar must know ……”
Chen Ping turned back to look at that Omar, feeling Chen Ping’s gaze, Omar the bear man warrior, at this moment, even his legs began to tremble slightly.
“I ask you, what is this place under the abyss on both sides? Is there anyone living there?”
Although Chen Ping’s tone was light, it carried an unquestionable tone.
If Omar didn’t answer, he was probably going to get a punch in the face soon.
“I …… am not very clear, the secrets of this place, they do not tell me, but there is a land of sword mounds here, I heard that it was that Asking Sword Sect that buried all the precious swords, all of them in that place.”
“It seems that there is also a divine sword that suppresses the entire land of sword mounds to prevent those swords from escaping from the land of sword mounds to hurt people.”
“But I don’t know if this is that land of sword mounds!”
Omar said honestly, he didn’t dare to lie!
“The Land of Sword Graves?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, “Then have you guys been here for a few months, have you ever entered that land of sword mounds?”
“No, that Sword Mound Land is all filled with the Qi of killing and destruction, once sent dozens of people in, none of them came out alive, so the Second Priestess plans to borrow the power of the altar and enter that Sword Mound Land!”
Omar said.
“It seems that this place of the sword mound is the place that Mr. Shi is talking about, and it is also the very place that allows me to increase the strength of this Dragon Cutting Sword ……”
Chen Ping looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, his eyes shining with light.
Chen Ping felt that within this abyss, it must be the land of whatever sword mound, or else his own Dragon Chopper Sword would not have reacted so much.