“Chen Ping, I have the Martial Saint Weapon in my hand, you’re looking for death ……”
Ning Zhi snorted coldly, then raised the vajra pestle, and an extremely terrifying force instantly spread out!
With the vajra in his hand, Ning Zhi strove to swing it towards Chen Ping, and the terrifying force instantly smashed into Chen Ping as well!
Boom!
The terrifying force struck Chen Ping’s body, instantly sending his body flying out of the sky and instantly disintegrating his indestructible golden body!
A Martial Saint weapon, that possessed the power of a Martial Saint, Chen Ping’s current strength was not enough to follow the power of a Martial Saint against it!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, you’d better behave and give up your hand!”
Seeing that Chen Ping was unbeatable in front of the Martial Saint Weapon, Ning Zhi laughed crazily!
“f*ck you!”
Chen Ping shouted angrily, followed by the power of the divine Dragon boiling over as he once again headed towards that Ning Zhi!
But Chen Ping’s strength was really nothing in front of the Martial Saint Weapon!
Even though Chen Ping fought with all his strength, he was still viciously smashed out by the vajra!
A mouthful of blood gushed out, and having suffered two heavy blows in a row, Chen Ping’s body was severely injured.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s face was very ugly, his body was adjusting, but in the face of the Martial Saint Weapon in Ning Zhi’s hand, Chen Ping was somewhat helpless to do anything.
“Chen Ping, go, go quickly, leave me alone, leave me alone ……”
Su Yuqi roared loudly at Chen Ping.
She did not want Chen Ping to end up dying on the spot in order to save herself.
“Yuqi, today, no matter what, I have to get you out.”
Chen Ping knew that if Su Yuqi was being locked up in the dungeon, it would be even harder for him to save Su Yuqi.
However, looking at the vajra pestle in Ning Zhi’s hand, Chen Ping was in a dilemma, how was he going to deal with this Ning Zhi and save Su Yuqi?
At this moment, Chen Ping looked at Ge Yuhan who had been standing dumbfounded!
Ge Cang Sheng had said that Ge Yu Han’s strength was that of a Martial Saint, so perhaps he could deal with that Martial Saint weapon that Ning Zhi was holding.
“Yu Han, Yu Han, can you help me kill this kid?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Ge Yuhan.
But Ge Yuhan didn’t move a muscle, her eyes were listless, as if she couldn’t even hear Chen Ping’s words!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s face was filled with helplessness, although Ge Yuhan was a Martial Saint strength, she was now just like a fool, or even worse than a fool, it was a joke for him to expect Ge Yuhan to help.
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, are you afraid that you would want a dumb and dumber person to deal with me?”
Ning Zhi burst into laughter!
As Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi’s rampant look, a stern aura flashed in his eyes!
Chen Ping sacrificed the Dragon Cutting Sword, he had to lure Ning Zhi away to save Su Yuqi now, Ning Zhi had been guarding the iron cage, Chen Ping hadn’t almost struck!
“Ning Zhi, even if you have a Martial Saint artifact, I can kill you just the same ……”
Chen Ping said as his body leapt high into the air, before cutting his sword at Ning Zhi!
The huge sword aura headed towards Ning Zhi.
In the face of the huge sword mane, Ning Zhi raised a smile and waved the vajra in his hand, a terrifying force instantly shattered Chen Ping’s sword mane!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping felt a wave of force overwhelm him and his entire body instantly flew backwards into the distance!
As Chen Ping’s body flew backwards, his mouth shouted, “Ning Zhi, I will come back and kill you sooner or later ……”
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s figure faded away and fled straight away!
“D*mn it, you still want to escape ……”
Ning Zhi leapt forward and directly chased after him!
He had the Martial Saint Weapon in his hand, so how could he possibly let Chen Ping escape?
But just as Ning Zhi was chasing towards Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s figure had already turned around and returned.
He was deliberately trying to distract Ning Zhi and save Su Yuqi!
If he didn’t save Su Yuqi, how could Chen Ping possibly escape!