Whether Ning Zhi could open the entrance to the secret realm or not, Chen Ping had to give it a try, for he had no other choice, unless he waited ten days for that Hundred Refinement Pavilion Master to come out of seclusion and borrow the Heavenly Opportunity Order!
After hearing this, Ning Zhi let out a bitter laugh and stood up with great force, holding onto the wall, before reaching out his hand towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping understood and threw Ning Zhi a cigarette, and lit it for him!
Ning Zhi took a deep drag of the cigarette, then exhaled heavily!
“You underestimate the Demon Heart Sect, the Demon Heart Sect is so powerful that you have never even seen it, I am just a pawn in the Demon Heart Sect.”
Ning Zhi finished and began to continue to inhale his cigarette hard!
“The Demon Heart Sect is even more powerful than the Blood Demons?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Uh …………”
Ning Zhi choked for a moment, because he had seen the Blood Demon’s strength, and the Demon Heart Sect was definitely no match for the Blood Demon.
“But with your current strength, it would be delusional to think of exterminating the Demon Heart Sect!”
After a slight daze, Ning Zhi opened his mouth and said.
“Is that so?” Chen Ping smiled faintly and slowly exhaled a mouthful of smoke, “I will leave you alive and let you watch me destroy the Demon Heart Sect with your own eyes, I know that your heart is very unconvinced, I will convince you!”
“No matter what special physique you have, you will never be able to defeat me, ever …………”
Chen Ping finished, dropped the cigarette butt in his hand, turned around and walked out!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, quietly looked at the cigarette butt in his hand and fell into deep thought …………
Early the next morning, Chen Ping ordered Long Xing Xu to escort Ning Zhi to the entrance of the Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm!
And Chen Ping, Hu Ma Zi and Zhou Jie, also rushed over!
Zhou Jie stepped forward and with a flick of her palms, the entrance to the secret realm was revealed, but there was still a spell, so they couldn’t enter it!
“The entrance to this secret realm, go ahead and open it ……”
Chen Ping said to Ning Zhi.
“I told you, I can’t open it, and I don’t know the spell at all, I’m just a pawn.”
Ning Zhi shook his head!
“Go and open …… it,” continued Chen Ping, as if he had not heard Ning Zhi speak.
“I can’t open it, I …………”
Ning Zhi still wanted to explain, but he saw Chen Ping gently slap one hand on Ning Zhi’s shoulder, and at once a spiritual energy struck into Ning Zhi’s body!
Soon, Ning Zhi felt the unbearable pain of ten thousand ants devouring his heart, and his entire face turned hideous!
The excruciating pain caused Ning Zhi to scream miserably!
He wanted to die, for this torture was even more painful than death!
Unfortunately, he couldn’t die, he could only endure the pain!
“Go open the entrance and I’ll let you go ……”
Chen Ping looked down at Ning Zhi, his eyes indifferent as he said.
“I …… I really don’t know, really ……”
“You kill me, kill me ……”
Ning Zhi begged at Chen Ping!
“I won’t kill you, I want you to witness and see if I can destroy the Demon Heart Sect or not.”
Chen Ping said coldly.
Everyone watched as Ning Zhi wailed in pain, and not a single person had any sympathy!
Just then, the entrance to the secret realm suddenly fluctuated, followed by a human figure appearing in front of the crowd!
“Lord Demon Envoy, Lord Demon Envoy save me ……”
After seeing the figure, Ning Zhi seemed to see hope and desperately called for help!
However, it was as if the Demon Envoy did not see Ning Zhi, but looked coldly at Chen Ping, his overpowering aura incomparably domineering as he said, “Chen Ping, let him go, or else your girlfriend will be in danger.”
“Let me let him go, but you have to let my girlfriend out first ……”
Chen Ping said to the demon amba*sador.
“Are you bargaining with me? Are you qualified to do so?”
“This Ning Zhi is just a small minion, our Demon Heart Sect doesn’t care at all, and don’t you forget that your girlfriend is still in our hands.”
With that, that Demon Amba*sador flicked his palm, and a picture quickly appeared in the void, containing none other than the imprisoned Su Yuqi!