Instead of being scared, the Burning Heaven Sect disciples showed an excited expression!
The black tentacles plunged into the bodies of the Burning Heaven Sect disciples, and a stream of energy began to drain from their bodies.
The Great Protector’s strength began to surge, and the black mist surrounding his body became even more intense!
Soon, the Burning Heaven Sect disciples were all sucked into dry corpses, but even after they died, their faces still looked excited, as if death was something they should be happy about!
Seeing this scene, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were both a bit dumbfounded, although they knew that evil cultivation techniques could absorb other people’s power to strengthen themselves!
But seeing this scene with their own eyes, it was still very shocking!
“Grand Protector, are you saying that you want to absorb the strength of other people to fight against Chen Ping?”
Leng Yun could see the Grand Protector’s intention!
“Yes, can you think of a better solution than this one?”
The Grand Protector nodded his head and said.
Leng Yun stopped talking because there was no better way to deal with Chen Ping!
But Tong Youzui frowned and said, “If you absorb people’s strength and improve yourself, you can indeed deal with Chen Ping, but you can also deal with us easily, what if you don’t give us the Spiritual Fruit?”
Tong Youzhi has his own worries, when the time comes, if they really let the Great Protector’s strength increase, then they will be lambs to the slaughter, whether to give the spiritual fruit or not, it is still a matter of the Great Protector’s words!
“Sir Tong, do you have any other choice but to trust me now?”
“And I can’t possibly offend the two great sects for the sake of a few Lingering Fruits, I’m not a fool!”
The Great Protector said.
“Tong Youcai, I think we can give it a try, otherwise not only will we not get the Tong Ling fruit, but that Chen Ping will not let us go either.”
Leng Yun knew that after Chen Ping obtained the Spiritual Fruit, his strength would definitely increase by leaps and bounds, and it would be impossible for them to survive!
Tong Youcai hesitated for a moment before he nodded and said, “Okay, let’s do it!”
Seeing Tong Youcai’s nod, the Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples all looked dumbfounded and fell to their knees, “Second Young Master, you can’t do this, we are loyal to you, you can’t abandon us!”
The disciples of the Flying Star Sect also knelt in front of Leng Yun’s face and tried to plead for mercy, but before they could say anything, a tentacle started to attack and entangled them all!
Seeing this, the martial artists knew it was useless to beg for mercy, so they started to swarm around, trying to escape from this place!
Unfortunately, none of them could escape the attack of the tentacles, they were all entangled in the tentacles and could not move at all!
As the strength of the martial artists continued to flow towards the Grand Protector, his aura began to soar!
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned slightly and drove the dragon down in an instant!
He couldn’t let the Great Protector increase his strength, or else it would be really bad in the end!
If the dragon could not defeat the Great Protector, then there was no way for Chen Ping to hold on to these Lingering Fruits!
With a dragon roar, the dragon, under Chen Ping’s control, dashed towards the Great Protector!
With a cold snort, the Great Protector leapt up and threw a punch at the dragon!
The dragon opened its mouth and a dragon’s breath spurted out, colliding with the Great Protector’s fist!
Boom! …………
With a loud bang, the dragon’s breath was instantly dispersed, and the terrifying force struck the dragon’s head!
The dragon let out a hiss of pain, and Chen Ping almost fell off the dragon’s head!
The Great Protector also swayed and fell from mid-air. The Great Protector also fell from mid-air.