At the same time, at the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Zuo Tianzheng, as the alliance leader, was sitting on top of the main seat in the main hall, and at the head of his lower position, a dozen of Mahayana realm experts were sitting neatly!
And these Mahayana realm experts were all devil cultivators without exception, this Demon Sealing Alliance with the slogan of eliminating devils and defending the way, had actually become a devil cultivator’s lair!
“Elder Chu, you tell all of you after what you have probed!”
Zuo Tianzheng said to Elder Chu who was beside him!
Although Elder Chu’s strength was not strong, he could achieve the position of Elder, and also served by Zuo Tianzheng’s side, that also had certain skills!
The distribution of forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance in the entire Celestial Realm, the recruitment of personnel, almost all of them are Elder Chu’s operation!
These Mahayana realm demonic cultivators, don’t see the strength to be much stronger than that Chu elder, but none of them dare to despise this Chu elder!
“Gentlemen, I’m sure you’ve also noticed recently that apart from the demonic cultivators in that area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, many of the demonic cultivators in other places have inexplicably disappeared.”
“Some of the demonic cultivators that our Demon Sealing Alliance had already set their sights on have also suddenly disappeared, making it difficult for our Demon Sealing Alliance to get any more demonic cultivators in recent years.”
“After my investigation, I found that this matter follows that Daoist Wuji, those missing devil cultivators should have all been taken to some secret space by him.”
Elder Chu said to the many devil cultivators!
“Patriarch Zhou, you can say something too!”Zuo Tianzheng said as he looked towards a hunchbacked old man!
This hunchbacked old man was none other than the fellow who had taken Tian Fury and Tian Luo to the Eastern Domain, followed Chen Ping into a fight, and was scared off by Daoist Wuji!
That Patriarch Zhou got up and then slowly said, “I was sent to the Eastern Domain this time to help Qi Jia Town, but I didn’t want to encounter that Chen Ping.”
“Because that Chen Ping had helpers by his side, it caused two of my disciples to be injured and I had to flee back.”
Patriarch Zhou had an embarrassed look on his face, after all, in front of so many people, saying that he had escaped back was more or less a bit faceless!
“Old Zhou, you’re at the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm, who else can make you afraid in that shitty place in the Eastern Domain?”
“That’s right, there are fewer cultivators in the East Domain in the Mahayana Realm, let alone a fourth rank in the Mahayana Realm.”
“I think you old boy didn’t want to make an enemy of that Chen Ping and deliberately ran back, right? Who doesn’t know that you brat is the most slippery.”
Many devil cultivators began to question Patriarch Zhou one after another!
After all, with the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm strength, one wouldn’t dare to say that one could fight all over the Eastern Region without any enemies, but it wouldn’t be easy to run into an opponent!
Now, they were saying that they had escaped and returned, so there was obviously a problem.
Patriarch Zhou didn’t pay any attention to these people, many of the demonic cultivators in here were loyal lackeys of the Demon Sealing Alliance, but he wasn’t, he was just trying to save his life, and had no choice but to commit himself under the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“I ran into that Chen Ping this time, the helper beside him is that Wuji Old Tao, although it is only a shadow, it is not something I can deal with.”
“And besides this Wuji Old Dao, there is also a girl who is very capable, also following the Wuji Old Dao to have a relationship, and her strength is also very strong, the two followers beside this girl are also demonic cultivators, and their strength is surprisingly also both of them are of the second grade of the Mahayana realm.”
“I suspect that this girl has connections following that city that suddenly disappeared thousands of years ago, and it’s also possible that that Old Taoist Wuji sent those missing demonic cultivators, to the middle of that city.”
Patriarch Zhou spoke to himself!
Upon hearing this, the few people who had just mocked Patriarch Zhou all changed their faces slightly!
“A city that disappeared thousands of years ago? Could it be that Sun Moon City? This Sun Moon City has never heard anything for thousands of years, how could someone from Sun Moon City suddenly appear?”
Someone asked in disbelief!
“That Sun Moon City has never really disappeared, but rather, it used the spirit veins and reopened the space secret realm just, this Sun Moon City has always been in the Celestial Realm, but we can’t see it.”
Zuo Tianzheng spoke!
Obviously, he had already received Patriarch Zhou’s report and knew about the Sun Moon City, conducting a detailed investigation!