“No, this is Mr. Chen Ping Chen, a martial artist from outside the Hidden Realm!”
Liu Rui introduced!
“A martial artist from outside the realm?” Leng Yun looked a little surprised, “I never thought that a martial artist from outside the realm would have the guts to rush to a place like this!”
“Hello handsome, my name is Leng Yun, I’m so glad to meet you!”
Leng Yun politely extended his hand to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t want to shake hands with this guy, but since he was so polite, Chen Ping couldn’t be too rude, so he just reached out and shook his hand.
But then Leng Yun grabbed Chen Ping’s hand and gently stroked it with his other hand!
This gave Chen Ping a chill and he almost threw up on the spot, so he hurriedly shook off Leng Yun’s hand!
“Ho ho, handsome Chen is not so weak!”
Leng Yun laughed and then said, “Rui’er, since we’ve met, let’s go together, so we can take care of each other.”
“There are a lot of fierce beasts here, and they’ve hurt handsome Chen ……”
Leng Yun’s words, Liu Rui some can not answer, can only look at Chen Ping, and Chen Ping at this time is in the heart of the stomach, forced to hold back not to throw up!
Seeing that no one was talking, Leng Yun took out a compa*s and said, “Come with me, so that you can find the location of the relic faster, otherwise you will not be able to find it in a few days if you search for it in such a random manner.”
Seeing that Leng Yun said so, Chen Ping nodded and said, “Okay ……”
“Okay then, let’s go ……”
Leng Yun said happily.
“Young master, please get into the sedan ……”
At this time, an old man with a white scarf came over and said to Leng Yun.
“I don’t want to be a sedan, it’s too boring, I want to walk around for a while!”
“You guys go ahead and clear the way ……”
The two old men were in the front of the car.
The two old men once again went ahead and opened the way, throwing the trees in front of them like straws to the sides!
The two old men once again went ahead and opened the road, throwing the trees in front of them like straw to the sides!
Chen Ping could only adjust his breathing and try to get himself into a meditative state, otherwise he would have thrown up!
Liu Rui laughed when she saw how Chen Ping was holding back!
But with Leng Yun joining them, and with the compa*s guiding them, Chen Ping soon came out of the forest and a huge palace appeared in front of them!
No one knew how far the palace extended, but to be able to build such a magnificent structure in the interior of a mountain range was a sign of the strength of the Water Fairy Palace!
“This is the remains of the Water Fairy Palace, it’s really magnificent ……”
Liu Rui sighed when she saw this!
“This Water Immortal Palace used to be a huge sect, even the three sects and six sects in the Hidden World together can’t match up to a Water Immortal Palace, so it’s not a big deal to have such a masterpiece!”
Leng Yun said in a very calm manner.
Obviously, he had a certain understanding of the history of the Water Fairy Palace before coming here!
“There is a formation blocking the front of this Water Fairy Palace, if we want to get in, we have to break the formation!”
At this moment, Old Liu spoke up!
“A formation?” Leng Yun snorted coldly, “What kind of formation can stop me ……”
“Come with me, handsome Chen, you’ll be safe and sound, no formation can hurt you.”
Chen Ping looked at Leng Yun’s disgusting look and did not say anything, but walked straight towards the remains of the Water Fairy Palace!
Chen Ping also knew that there was a formation, so he could just break it open!
As Chen Ping and the others got closer and closer to the Hall of the Relics, they saw a shaking of space and were transported to another dimension in an instant!
At this moment, Tong Youcai, who was still trapped in the formation, felt the fluctuation around him, and then saw many people suddenly appear!