“Not bad, I am the Divine Formation Ancestor of the Two Yi Sect, this Gu Tianzhao recommended you in front of me and talked you up so much that I thought this guy was bragging.”
“I didn’t realise that you kid does have some skills, that said Gu Tianzhao didn’t count as a lie, but he was right about one thing, and that is that the essence of our Two Yi Sect’s formations cannot be passed on to outsiders.”
“But letting you worship Gu Tianzhao as your teacher, letting him bring you into the Two Yi Sect, he’s also worthy of ah ……”
“I can be your master, just worship me now.”
The old man said with a smile on his face!
“Since you are the Formation Ancestor of the Two Yi Sect, why are you doing this to your own disciple?”
Chen Ping looked at the fainting Gu Tianzhao and asked in confusion!
“Of course it’s because I didn’t want him to know that the two of us met and talked ah!”
“I have already said that I have no interest in you at all and don’t want to meet you.”
“It can’t be that I can’t punch myself in the face and let this brat Gu Tianzhao see the joke!”
The old man explained!
Only then did Chen Ping understand that it was Gu Tianzhao who had mentioned Chen Ping after the Divine Pattern Ancestor, and the Divine Pattern Ancestor was not interested!
Gu Tianzhao then invited Chen Ping and then explained the situation, thinking that Chen Ping would join the Two Yi Sect and then slowly learn about formation patterns!
But who knew that the Divine Pattern Ancestor had been interested in Chen Ping for a long time, so he secretly came and kept an eye on them!
Chen Ping and that Gu Tianzhao all didn’t notice it until the Divine Pattern Ancestor made his move, and only then did they realise that someone was there!
“Let me worship you as a teacher, you have to only have real skills ah, just the way you just did it, I just don’t want to fight.”
“If I were to use all of my means, this so-called divine pattern of yours wouldn’t be able to stop me at all.”
Chen Ping said coldly!
He wouldn’t worship anyone at random, knowing that Chen Ping still had a lot of means that he hadn’t used!
Divine King Bow, Dragon Tattoo Bell, Heaven Swallowing Beast, Divine Fire Seal, Supreme Fire Essence …………
Nine Shadow Sword Technique, Running Thunder Palm, Holy Light Fist …………
There is also one’s Time Origin, Immortal Finger ……
The main thing was that there was still the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, a great devil, in one’s sea of consciousness!
All of these Chen Ping did not cast, if it was a real moment of life and death, Chen Ping could cast all of these!
“A doll of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, what a big mouth.”
“Do you know, how many people are crying out, kowtowing to me, worshipping me as a teacher, old me can’t even look at them, and you kid is asking me what real skills I have.”
“You so rely on is not that demonic soul in your sea of consciousness, if I make that demonic soul has no way to fit with your body, what other means do you have?”
After the old man finished speaking, he flicked his finger and a golden spirit rope instantly bound Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was startled and tried to break free, but he was simply unable to do so!
“Kid, don’t struggle, this old man has some tricks up his sleeve, just now, inside the divine pattern he cast, there was even the aura of a Heavenly Realm Formation Master.”
“No wonder he with call it a divine pattern, maybe he learnt these means from certain people in the Heavenly Realm, or maybe he himself came from the Heavenly Realm.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“What? He came from the Heavenly Realm?”Chen Ping was filled with surprise!
“Maybe the divine soul fell to the Celestial Realm and then searched for a physical body, it’s just a possibility, you don’t have to be too concerned.”
“Since this old thing has no malicious intent, you will go with him!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch persuaded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, in this situation now, it was not possible for him not to leave ah!
Chen Ping could only follow the old man and leave, Gu Tianzhao fainted on the ground but no one cared!
“Senior, your disciple is still fainting to death here, don’t you care?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Soon he will wake up, don’t care ……”
The old man did not even try to care about that Gu Tianzhao!