“Family head, if that Chen Ping really came to the island to retaliate, you’re in danger, I heard that that Chen Ping is considered the number one person in Daxia Kyoto.”
“And even the Martial Arts Union in Kyoto was destroyed by him, he also created the Dragon Sect, the first sect in Kyoto!”
“Now that the election is around the corner, there are already internal and external troubles, if this Chen Ping comes to cause trouble, we will be in trouble.”
A subordinate said to Watanabe Fumio with great concern.
Watanabe Fumio didn’t know that, but what could he do now?
“This Watanabe Fumio can’t mess with anyone but this man, so I guess this is on my head.”
Watanabe Fumio cursed at Watanabe Fumishi!
If Watanabe Fumio had not repeatedly gone to Daxia to seek revenge on Chen Ping, how would Chen Ping have come to the island?
Wasn’t it just the death of a son?
Watanabe Fumihishi had three sons, so what if one died!
“Family head, since Missy knows that Chen Ping, why don’t we use Missy to follow that Chen Ping and explain properly that the pursuit of him was not done by us.”
“If we can enlist the help of that Chen Ping, then our chances of winning the next general election will be greater!”
“I’ve already inquired, that Watanabe Fumikishi is already contacting the Old Master ……”
The subordinate whispered.
“What? That Watanabe Fumikishi has gone to contact grandfather? He is already over ninety years old and doesn’t even bother with family affairs anymore, could that Watanabe Fumikishi still be able to talk?”
Watanabe Fumio’s face was astonished!
The grandfather Watanabe Fumio was talking about was called Watanabe Kazuo, not the real grandfather of Watanabe Fumio and Watanabe Fumishi, but their grandfather’s brother!
Ichio Watanabe was already over ninety years old and had long since ceased to be involved in family affairs, but as the oldest and most senior member of the Watanabe family, Ichio Watanabe was considered the soul of the Watanabe family!
Ichio Watanabe is still very influential within the family, and I believe that many of the Watanabe family’s sidekicks will listen to his words!
If Watanabe Fumikishi had really gotten help from Watanabe Kazuo, it would be impossible for Watanabe Fumio to be re-elected to this position of family head.
There is an even more important reason why Kazuo Watanabe can directly follow the Watanabe family behind the Chizuru Shrine!
Although the Watanabe family is a subordinate family of the Chizuru Shrine, Watanabe Fumio, as the head of the family, would find it more difficult to enter the shrine than once!
Unlike Kazuo Watanabe, he could make a pilgrimage to the shrine at any time and talk to the shrine’s senior officials!
“No, I can’t wait, prepare the car immediately and go to the ancestral house ……”
Watanabe Fumio had a strong sense of crisis at the moment, he too had to go and meet that Watanabe Kazuo and hope he would stay out of the family affairs!
Just as Watanabe Fumio was rushing to meet Watanabe Kazuo, at this moment inside Watanabe Fumikishi’s villa!
Watanabe Taro had gotten Kazuo Kawaguchi here!
“Kawaguchi-kun, have a seat, have a seat ……”
When he saw Kawaguchi Ichio, Watanabe Fumikishi was very warm and welcoming!
Kawaguchi Kazuo only smiled slightly, but did not take a seat, but said to Watanabe Fumikishi: “I wonder what else the Second Master wants to see me about?”
“Kawaguchi-kun went to Daxia and helped me so much, so of course I want to thank you.”
Watanabe Fumikishi smiled faintly, then winked towards his son!
Soon, Watanabe Taro brought a wooden box containing snow lotus flowers, which were small in size, but one could tell at a glance that they were snow lotus flowers from the snowy mountains of Fuji!
The snowdrops grow extremely slowly, and even a small snowdrop like this can take more than a hundred years to grow, especially on Mount Fuji!
Nowadays, all samurai in the island are proud to own a snow lotus from Mount Fuji, which is why it is so rare and expensive!