The people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were also relieved, while they were excited inside!
Opportunity, this was truly great opportunity!
Befriending Chen Ping was the rightest thing they had ever done for the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Mr Chen, in the future, my Xiao Imperial Dynasty will build a statue to enshrine Mr Chen, and my children and grandchildren will remember Mr Chen for generations to come!”
Xiao Yuanshan knelt down towards Chen Ping!
“Emperor Xiao, no way, no need to be so polite!”
Chen Ping hurriedly helped Xiao Yuanshan up!
“Mr Chen, you have obtained so many storage bags, you still haven’t taken a look at what treasures are there!”
Ji Yun reminded Chen Ping!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping nodded and then opened his storage bag!
These people from the Demon Sealing Alliance had abundant resources in their storage bags, especially Zuo Tianzheng’s storage bag, which contained a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
These resources were enough for Chen Ping to cultivate properly, Chen Ping did not have to worry about resources anymore!
“It’s still easier to grab resources!”
Chen Ping said with a heart full of joy!
“Mr Chen, take a look at that gilt storage bag, this should be that silly big man’s.”
Ji Yun said as he pointed to the different coloured storage bag in Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping opened the storage and then his divine sense entered the storage bag!
Soon, he was shocked, because within this storage bag, there were countless crystals, which were lavender in colour, and the scent within the crystals followed the aura somewhat differently!
Chen Ping took out a crystal stone and asked Xiao Yuanshan, “Emperor Xiao, do you know what kind of crystal stone this is?”
Xiao Yuanshan took those crystals and carefully examined them, then shook his head and said, “I have never seen it before, I don’t know if this is the kind of crystals that the Celestial Realm possesses!”
“This is an Immortal Spirit Stone, the most rubbish crystal stone in the Celestial Realm, only cultivators who are first ascending to the Celestial Realm will use it, this kind of crystal stone contains a mixture of Immortal Qi and Spirit Qi inside, the aura is not pure.”
“Many cultivators who are about to ascend also like to use this kind of crystal stone to cultivate, this is to make their gong methods transform a bit silkier.”
“You have to know that many cultivators cultivate from Spiritual Qi and then ascend to absorb Immortal Qi, this transformation from Spiritual Qi to Immortal Qi needs to have a process.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch followed Chen Ping and explained!
“Immortal Spirit Stones, the rubbish crystals of the Heavenly Realm, but these things should be the top crystals in the Celestial Realm.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Heart Concentration Technique worked, and the Immortal Spirit Stones in his palm were instantly absorbed by Chen Ping!
“This Immortal Spirit Stone isn’t much use to ordinary cultivators, after all, ordinary cultivators don’t have the means to refine Immortal Qi, they can only refine Spirit Qi, so it’s not as good as Spirit Stones.”
“And Immortals using this Immortal Spirit Stone can only absorb Immortal Qi, so it’s not as good as using Immortal Stones to cultivate!”
“The Divine Race is so downtrodden to the point of using this kind of crystal stone to cultivate, and they still have the nerve to brag condescendingly about it!”
“But for a pervert like you who can refine immortal qi and aura, this kind of crystal stone is indeed a good thing!”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
After all, Chen Ping’s Heart Condensing Skill was too perverted, and was able to refine almost everything, so this Immortal Spirit Stone was the best thing in Chen Ping’s hands, and was not wasted at all!
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed at this moment, and then from that Luo Ta’s storage bag, he flipped out a palm of a somewhat yellowed map!
Looking at the map, Chen Ping recognised at a glance that it was a map of the entire Celestial Realm, with the five major regions divided very clearly!
However, in a corner of the Southern Region, there was a piece circled by a red circle!
Chen Ping had looked at it for half a day, but he did not find anything special about this red circled place!
“Emperor Xiao, how much do you know about the entire territory of the Celestial Realm?”
Chen Ping asked Xiao Yuanshan!
“I still understand some of it, but after the God-Devil War, the boundaries of the Celestial Realm have also changed, I wonder what Mr Chen has to do?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked!