………
Martial Alliance, on top of a ruin, the hunchbacked old man stood in front of a false mountain!
Immediately afterwards, the hunchbacked old man mouthed a silent jutsu, and a mysterious and unfathomable power instantly enveloped the entire false mountain!
With a spatial fluctuation, the old man’s body disappeared, along with the entire rockery!
And when the hunchbacked old man and the vanished false mountain reappeared, they were already in another place of lush greenery!
This was a secret realm of the Martial Alliance, and the dungeon was in the middle of the secret realm!
The dungeon outside the Martial Alliance was just a mapping of the dungeon in the secret realm!
All the scenery is exactly the same, but it is not impossible to get someone out of the dungeon.
Because those were all fake, even if Chen Ping could open the cell and get Su Yuqi out, once he was out of the control of the dungeon formation, the Su Yuqi that Chen Ping had seen would instantly vanish into thin air!
The real Su Yuqi was imprisoned in this secret realm, which was why that great power said that the Martial Alliance was a decoy, and even if it was destroyed, that great power was not distressed!
To be able to open up a secret realm and even map the entire dungeon to the secular realm, such a grand gesture, showed how powerful the power behind the Martial Alliance was!
But at this moment, Chen Ping still had no idea, and was still working to save Su Yuqi!
After the hunchbacked old man entered the secret realm, a black and silver robe soon came forward and said, “Demon Envoy, the great power has an order that requires you to open the secret realm and restore the Martial Dao Alliance ……”
The hunchbacked old man’s face was a little ugly at this point and waved his hand, “I know, the Martial Dao Alliance will be restored in three days, have you found the place of recovery you were told to look for?”
The black and silver robe shook his head, “Not yet, but we already know the general direction ……”
“You guys need to speed up, to find that place and occupy it before the major mysterious realms discover it, now the laws of heaven and earth have no restrictions on us, this is our advantage ……”
The hunchbacked old man said.
The black and silver robe nodded, then turned around and left!
And the hunchbacked old man took off his shirt, and a clearly visible wound on his chest was left by Chen Ping with a vajra pestle.
“Chen Ping, sooner or later I will kill you and get your flesh ……”
The cold aura in the hunchbacked old man’s eyes kept flickering ……
…………
Penglai Island.
Pocky Hu had long since recovered from his injuries, and was now living a life of luxury, hugging people left and right!
Du Nan offered Pocky Hu as if he were his grandfather.
In particular, Pocky Hu’s demands for women were extremely well met!
This made Pocky Hu feel much better on Penglai Island than when he was at the Shen Family, and at the moment he had long forgotten all about those two beautiful women at the Shen Family.
“Master Hu is really elegant, I was worried about your health, it looks like I was worried for nothing ……”
Chen Ping said as he walked into the hall and looked at Hu Ma Zi who had a pleasant face.
Seeing Chen Ping coming, Hu Pazzi got up and covered his chest and said, “I’m still short of breath in my chest, I almost died trying to save you ……”
Chen Ping saw that Pocky Hu was faking it, but he didn’t expose it, smiled and said, “Get ready, come with me to Baihai City ……”
“What for?”
Hu Pazi froze.
“Haven’t you been making a fuss about going back to the Shen family? There’s someone waiting for you at the Shen family ……”
Chen Ping laughed.
“No, no, I’m still injured, I’m not fit to travel, it’s fine to recuperate here.”
Pocky Hu waved his hand repeatedly, then sat back down!
“Master Hu, are you happy with the new and the old?” Chen Ping asked.
“Not at all, I’m a very dedicated person, I’m just not physically allowed to go back now ……”
Pocky Hu shook his head.
“Hey, I was originally thinking of asking you to go to the Heavenly Rune Sect and unearth that relic, but now that you’re not going, then I’ll go by myself.”
Chen Ping sighed, then turned around and was about to leave!