Zhu Hao looked at the nine-sectioned whip in his hand, and his whole body froze in place!
He knew that the whip was a family heirloom of the Zhu family and was incredibly hard, but he didn’t want it to be easily broken by his opponent!
While Zhu Hao was in a daze, Jun Watanabe slapped his palm towards Zhu Hao’s head!
This slap was a deadly strike, obviously intended to kill Zhu Hao!
By the time Zhu Hao reacted, it was already too late!
Just in the nick of time!
Chen Ping’s body swung up, and then his palm collided with Jun Watanabe’s!
Watanabe Jun’s body kept retreating, while Chen Ping swayed his body!
“What are you?”
Watanabe Jun frowned slightly.
“I am Chen Ping, aren’t you here to challenge me?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
Watanabe Jun looked at Chen Ping with anger and killing intent emerging from his eyes!
That Zhu Hao, on the other hand, gave Chen Ping a grateful glance and finally said nothing as he directly retreated.
Following Watanabe Jun in this battle had kind of made him lose face!
“You only dare to come out now, do you want me to make a move with me after my strength is depleted?”
Watanabe Jun thought that Chen Ping must have been playing smart by only coming out at this time!
“You are not worthy for me to use a ploy on you, if you think your strength is depleted and not equal, I can let you make three moves ……”
Chen Ping said, and actually put his hands behind his back!
This practice of Chen Ping instantly put many people on their toes!
And that Watanabe Jun was instantly enraged and roared, “You’re too arrogant, see if I don’t cut you in half!”
The next second, Watanabe Jun instantly drew his katana, and with a slight flicker of his body, he arrived directly in front of Chen Ping, and then slashed down!
Watanabe Jun’s speed was fast, so fast that the crowd could not see his figure at all, only the remnants of that slash remained in mid-air!
Swish!
The samurai sword with its biting blade slashed directly towards Chen Ping’s head!
It was intended to kill Chen Ping with one blow!
In the face of the powerful blow, Chen Ping’s hands were still behind his back, and there was not the slightest sign of panic on his face!
Just as the katana was about to reach Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s head flicked to the side and the katana slid down against Chen Ping’s face!
The violent blade blew Chen Ping’s hair, and even Chen Ping’s clothes grinned.
But it just didn’t hit Chen Ping, the blade was dodged by Chen Ping!
“You still have two more chances to move ……”
Chen Ping looked at Jun Watanabe indifferently and said in a slightly playful manner.
“Seek death ……”
Infuriated, Watanabe Jun did not retract the katana in his hand, but cut it at the waist!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, pulled himself up flat on the ground, his body instantly went to mid-air, while the blade slashed directly under Chen Ping’s feet.
The blade whistled, and several pillars not far away were instantly severed by this blade.
Chen Ping’s body landed lightly on Watanabe Jun’s katana!
Watanabe Jun only felt a heavy force in his hand, and the katana almost fell to the ground!
Chen Ping gently stepped on it, his body once again rose into the air, and then landed steadily in front of Watanabe Jun!
“There’s one last move!”
Chen Ping said as he looked disdainfully at Watanabe Jun.
“Ah …………”
Watanabe Jun almost died of anger as he held his sword in both hands and viciously slashed at Chen Ping from the middle.
This time with great force and even faster!
Even if it was a big mountain, I was afraid that it could be split down the middle.
The crowd hurriedly looked at Chen Ping, only to see a golden light flashing up from Chen Ping’s body and a golden dragon surrounding his right hand!
And without dodging, Chen Ping just grabbed towards that katana!
“Grabbing a white blade with his empty hand?”
The crowd was astonished to see this scene!
Snap!
Watanabe Jun held his sword with both hands, and was just at the moment of power, when he suddenly stopped!