As soon as Tang Hongying left, Xiaolan swished into Chen Ping’s room.
When Chen Ping saw Xiaolan burst in, he was so frightened that he hurriedly covered his body with the quilt and curled up into a corner.
“What are you doing?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Xiaolan.
“This is a lonely man and woman, what do you think I’m going to do?”
Xiao Lan laughed heatedly and went straight forward and lifted Chen Ping’s quilt with one hand.
But when the covers were lifted, Xiaolan froze for a moment, “Why are you still wearing clothes when you sleep?”
Only to see that Chen Ping was wearing clothes, not like what Xiao Lan had thought.
“I wear clothes to sleep, just in case you little Sl*t ……”
Chen Ping said with the corners of his mouth raised and stood up with slight amusement.
“Hmph, b*****d, sooner or later I’ll make you obey me ……”
Xiao Lan pouted and snorted coldly, and could only follow Chen Ping out of the room.
Near noon, Chen Ping drove his parents and Xiaolan to the hotel in town, and when they arrived at the private room, Chen Yingxia and Chen Ping’s second aunt and the girls had already arrived.
“Sister Xiaolan, sit here ……”
After seeing Xiaolan, Chen Yingxia hurriedly greeted Xiaolan and sat beside her.
Xiaolan originally wanted to sit next to Chen Ping, but this time she was told to leave by Chen Yingxia.
On the other hand, Chen Ping was pulled by his second aunt and asked questions, to which Chen Ping could only answer one by one.
Ten minutes later, the door of the compartment was pushed open and in walked an old man and a young man, the old man looked like he should be 50 or 60 years old, while the young man looked similar to Chen Ping’s age.
“Big brother ……”
Seeing the visitor, Tang Hongying hurriedly got up and greeted him.
It turned out that this man was Tang Hongying’s cousin, Tang Shili, while the young man was his son, Tang Hui.
Although Tang Hongying greeted him with great enthusiasm, Tang Shili’s expression did not show much change, he just swept a glance at the crowd and sat down on the main seat.
And behind that, Tang Hui, with the same condescending face, clearly lingered for a moment when his gaze fell on Chen Yingxia and Xiaolan.
“Chen Ping, Yingxia, this is your uncle and your cousin ……”
Tang Hongying said to Chen Ping and Chen Yingxia.
“Good day uncle, good day cousin ……”
Chen Yingxia got up and said hello.
But Chen Ping did not move, nor did he speak, from the expression on Tang Shili’s face just after he entered, Chen Ping could see that this guy did not have any affection in his eyes, the reason why he shouted for dinner together should be just to show off, if he knew that was the case, Chen Ping would not have come.
Seeing that Chen Ping had not moved, Tang Hongying had to follow Tang Shili and explain, “Big brother, don’t be offended, this child Chen Ping talks less ……”
Tang Shili looked at Chen Ping, and then said to Tang Hongying, “Hongying, I’m not talking about you as a big brother, look at how spoiled you have made your child. The one who just got out of jail is the one from your family, right?”
Tang Hongying’s face was instantly embarra*sed, but she could only smile and nod, “Yes!”
“See, if you don’t discipline your child, someone else will do it for you, this time in jail, the rest of your life will be over, and you will only be a small gangster, the kind of person who is discarded ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.
Although Tang Hongying was unhappy in her heart, she didn’t dare to say anything. At this moment, Chen Baoguo also cold up his face and lit a cigarette himself.
“Big brother, you are not easy to come back, let’s order food and eat first, by the way, what big business are you doing now in the provincial city?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s second aunt hurriedly led the conversation away.
“Not doing any big business, just doing real estate and tourism, I came back this time, also intend to make several nearby towns into a tourist attraction ……”
Tang Shili said.
“That’s really great!” Chen Ping’s second aunt smiled, then put her eyes on Tang Hui: “What is Xiao Hui doing now? It’s been years since I’ve seen you, you used to be a little kid, and now you’ve grown so tall.”