“Isn’t this dragon crystal in that dragon head?”
Chen Ping frowned, wondering how this dragon crystal could appear here.
Then around the stone where the dragon crystal was placed, a clear and transparent spring was slowly flowing, always flowing around that dragon crystal!
After observing the surroundings, he found that there was no ice dragon figure, and after looking at the flowing water, Chen Ping seemed to have an understanding.
The ice dragon’s whole body was made up of transparent ice, and it was very likely that those ice blocks were the spring in front of him.
Not daring to be careless, Chen Ping sacrificed his Dragon Cutting Sword and gently took two steps forward, intending to use the Dragon Cutting Sword to pick over the dragon crystal.
But as soon as the sword in Chen Ping’s hand approached the dragon crystal, the spring instantly boiled up and the water wrapped around the dragon crystal and then began to freeze!
When Chen Ping saw this, he instantly understood that the Ice Dragon was about to show itself.
If the ice dragon showed itself, it would be difficult for Chen Ping to get the dragon crystal. Looking at the rapidly freezing spring, Chen Ping quickly shot out several flames with his palm, but there was nothing at all.
Finally, Chen Ping put his heart into it and rushed up, grabbing the dragon crystal with one hand!
But at that moment those springs also wrapped around Chen Ping, and then directly froze him inside.
The ice dragon appeared, but at that moment, Chen Ping’s figure was clearly visible in the ice dragon’s body.
One of Chen Ping’s hands was still clutching the dragon crystal, but he could not move his body!
Chen Ping only felt as if he had fallen into a ten-thousand-foot ice cave, and the cold, bone-chilling chill made Chen Ping’s consciousness blur.
He tried to run the Heart Condensation Technique to refine the cold qi invading his body, but it was no use at all!
With a dragon’s roar, the ice dragon once again charged towards the entrance of the cave!
Clattering …………
After a clattering sound of water, the pond water parted again and the ice dragon’s body rushed straight to the middle of the air.
Su Yuqi and the girls, who were originally anxious and constantly crying, all hurriedly looked over when they saw the ice dragon re-emerge from the water.
After they saw that Chen Ping’s body was actually inside that ice dragon, they were all dumbfounded.
Even you Cheng Kun, Xuanyuan Kai, and even Qin Xiaoxian all looked at the scene in front of them incredulously.
“Is this …… this being swallowed inside the ice dragon?”
Zhao Chuang stumbled as he looked at this strange scene.
“Chen Ping …………”
Su Yuqi cried out vigorously before rushing directly towards that ice dragon.
However, she was pulled back by Gu Ling’er. With such strength, Su Yuqi was afraid that she would not be able to reach him before the ice dragon slapped her to death.
At this moment, although Chen Ping’s consciousness was blurred, he fought to keep himself from fainting, and when he saw Su Yuqi trying to rush up to save him, Chen Ping was anxious!
The ice dragon carried Chen Ping in mid-air and rolled around a few times before landing directly on the edge of the pond, its thick tail sweeping across, causing the ground to shake.
Soon, however, the ice dragon slowed down and then lay motionless on the ground!
Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai looked at each other, and then charged towards the ice dragon with their weapons.
The men they had brought with them followed suit, and a dozen of them poured out their weapons at the ice dragon!
It was almost impossible to get the dragon crystals inside, as there were only some shallow marks on the dragon’s head.
Until the crowd was out of breath, they were unable to break through the head of the ice dragon to get the dragon crystal, while at this moment Su Yuqi was pouncing on the ice dragon, and through that transparent body, she could clearly see Chen Ping.
Now Chen Ping could not move or speak, but his eyes could still blink, and seeing as Chen Ping was still blinking, Su Yuqi was excited.
“Ling’er, Xiao Ru, hurry up and think of something ah, Chen Ping is still alive …………”
Su Yuqi hurriedly shouted to Gu Ling’er and Xiao Ru.