Feeling the soft green grass around it, the little Qilin Beast was overjoyed, running around and letting out cheerful cries!
The little Heaven-Devouring Beast seemed to sense something too and flew straight out of Chen Ping’s storage ring!
The little Heaven-Devouring Beast wasn’t under Chen Ping’s control at all!
The little Qilin Beast and the little Heaven-Devouring Beast played freely, looking as happy as could be!
Seeing this scene, Hong Yao and Lan Yao were dumbfounded…
“Master Chen, this…” Hong Yao’s eyes widened, her face full of disbelief!
“Oh, just two little divine beasts I’ve raised. They’re very well-behaved…” Chen Ping said casually!
Hong Yao and Lan Yao: “…”
Bloody hell, he really has divine beasts…
Clang…
At that moment, a crisp sound rang out as a divine bow suddenly fell from Chen Ping’s body!
“Sorry, my storage ring’s a bit full…” Chen Ping bent down and picked up the God-King Bow!
“The God-King Bow?” The two sisters’ eyes nearly popped out!
Bloody hell, he really has a God-King Bow!
Putting away the God-King Bow, Chen Ping’s fingertips suddenly flickered with light, and then he pointed into the void!
A beam of golden light instantly shot into the void!
The entire expanse of space began to twist, and time seemed to freeze!
“My Immortal Finger isn’t too bad, right?” Chen Ping asked lightly!
“Immortal technique?” The sisters’ mouths gaped open wide enough to fit two eggs!
Bloody hell, he really knows immortal techniques!
Chen Ping noticed a few mountain goats passing by in the distance, so he waved a hand in the air, and lines of formation patterns appeared!
Soon, a formation took shape, trapping the goats and delivering them right in front of Chen Ping and the others!
Then, as if controlled by something, the goats stiffened and fell to the ground!
Chen Ping snapped his fingers, and a flame of supreme fire ignited!
As the aroma spread, the goats were roasted to perfection!
“Smells great, it’s been ages since I last had roasted mutton!” Chen Ping took a deep sniff, then tore off a leg and started eating!
The environment here felt just like the mortal world; eating a goat leg here was like going on a spring outing back in the mortal realm!
For a moment, Chen Ping felt as if he’d returned to the mortal world!
“You two not eating?” Chen Ping asked, looking at the sisters!
By now, the two sisters were completely stunned, standing there blankly, not even hearing Chen Ping call out to them!
“Sis, was that a formation just now?”
“Yes!”
Bloody hell, he really knows formation techniques.
“You two not eating? I can’t finish all this roasted mutton by myself!” Chen Ping said, then gently waved his hand!
A breeze-like aura passed over, and the roasted goats visibly regained their flesh and blood, coming back to life and running off!
“Bringing the dead back to life?” The sisters felt like their brains were malfunctioning!
Bloody hell, he really knows healing arts!
“Anything else I haven’t shown? I’ll practice a bit more so I can go to the Dao Sect and act tough!” Chen Ping wiped the grease from his mouth and asked!
“No, no more, Master Chen, you don’t need to show anything else. This isn’t acting tough, this is real strength!” Hong Yao quickly stopped Chen Ping!
If Chen Ping went on to demonstrate wiping out the Celestial Realm with one slap, the two of them might lose their home entirely!
“Is this enough?” Chen Ping asked!
“Enough, more than enough! If they see all this, no one will dare target Master Chen anymore!” Hong Yao nodded repeatedly!
“Good then!” Chen Ping nodded, “But where’s this Dao Sect? It’s my first time here, I don’t know the way!”
“I know, I’ll take Master Chen there!” Lan Yao quickly stepped up to lead the way!
At this moment, Lan Yao no longer had the slightest thought of killing Chen Ping for the reward. She just wanted to wholeheartedly follow him and stick around!
With Lan Yao leading the way, Chen Ping headed towards the Dao Sect!
Whether anyone targeted him or not, Chen Ping decided to put on a big show anyway. Now that he thought about it, there didn’t seem to be many people in the Celestial Realm who could threaten him anymore!