“Mr. Chen, kill him and destroy Xuan Yue Valley, I don’t deserve to die ……”
Xu Shimao said with a determined face.
“Hear that, he himself is not afraid of death.” Chen Ping gave a smile.
“Ah …………”
The Third Elder seemed to have gone mad and violently lifted his foot to stomp down!
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body flashed, and the Third Elder’s body was instantly sent flying with a palm strike, smashing heavily against the Buddha statue and shattering it to pieces!
Xu Shimao had already closed his eyes and was ready to accept death, but when he saw that the Third Elder was slow to make a move, he slowly opened his eyes, and he found that the Third Elder had long since disappeared, and standing in front of him was Chen Ping!
“Can you still stand up? If you can, don’t play dead ……”
Chen Ping said as he gave Xu Shimao a look!
Xu Shimao gritted his teeth and stood up with severe pain, his ribs were just a few broken, he could endure it!
The Third Elder climbed up in the rubble, his face pale beyond belief, blood flowing from his mouth!
“It’s time to send you on your way, as powerful as your divination skills are, you actually failed to calculate that today is the anniversary of your own death!”
Chen Ping laughed coldly!
Poof …………
The Third Elder knelt down in front of Chen Ping at once.
“Don’t kill me, I was forced to do so, I have a compulsion placed on me by that Qian Feng, I have no choice, as long as you don’t kill me, I can take you into Xuan Yue Valley, I know how to close the organs and formations in Xuan Yue Valley ……… …”
The Third Elder kept kowtowing to Chen Ping!
“A small organ formation, how could it possibly stop me, it’s useless to keep you ……”
Chen Ping said, directly raising his palm!
“Don’t kill me, I know where the captured girls are being held, I can release them all, if they are a little later, they might all die ……”
The Third Elder said hurriedly!
Chen Ping frowned and began to hesitate, if he killed this Third Elder now, maybe those captured girls would really be dead!
Insisting that he was very afraid of hesitation, that Third Elder had a joyful look in his eyes and hurriedly crawled towards Shen Mengchen!
Shen Mengchen was startled to see the Third Elder crawling towards her, while Bai Zhantang shielded her and looked at that Third Elder warily!
“Eldest Miss, please help me, I was forced to do so, that Qian Feng used a compulsion to control us, we simply did not dare to resist, otherwise I would never have betrayed your father!”
The Third Elder begged at Shen Mengchen, he hoped that at this time Shen Mengchen would also help him plead for mercy!
“Betray my father?” Shen Mengchen’s eyes widened in disbelief, “What do you …… you mean by that?”
“Eldest Miss, we were originally Lord Shen’s men, it was all because that Qian Feng had deliberately driven away Lord Shen, he himself had hijacked Xuan Yue Valley, he also used compulsions to control us, and …… moreover that Qian Feng had recently planned to poison Lord Shen, so he wanted to capture you first, and then threaten Lord Shen ……”
The Third Elder explained!
“No …… you are talking nonsense ……” Shen Mengchen couldn’t believe it and fiercely got up and looked at the Third Elder angrily, “You are all bad people, how can you be my father’s Underhand, and isn’t this Xuan Yue Valley just a resort? Since when did my dad become the valley master?”
Shen Mengchen was an ordinary person, so there were many things she didn’t know, and Shen Dansan had kept it from her, he didn’t want his daughter to go down his path!
Otherwise he wouldn’t have sent Shen Mengchen all the way to Kyoto to go to school!
“Eldest Miss, Xuan Yue Valley is an organisation, this resort is just a front, the real Xuan Yue Valley is still inside, this Xuan Yue Valley was founded by Lord Shen!”
The Third Elder continued to explain!
“How could this be? Why would my father lie to me? What else is he hiding from me?”
Shen Mengchen had never dreamed that his father was some sort of valley master!