“To understand is to understand, not to understand is not to understand, and why should we measure it by age? You’ve been cultivating for decades before you succeeded, that proves you’re stupid, it doesn’t mean others can’t!”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Kid, what are you saying ……”
Master He was furious and angry, and said with a slap on the table!
Seeing that Chen Ping followed that Master He and argued, Qin Xiaotian was overjoyed in his heart, just so he could watch the joke from the sidelines!
“Master He, don’t be angry, don’t be angry ……”
Bai Xiushan hurriedly got up and persuaded Grandmaster He.
“Master Bai, where did this kid come from, such arrogance, now you tell him to get out immediately or I will leave, today there is him without me, there is me without him ……”
Master He shouted angrily at Bai Xiushan!
This time, Bai Xiushan was dumbfounded and his expression became very ugly.
He couldn’t afford to offend either of these two people, neither of them could leave, but now this Grandmaster He’s words made it very difficult for him!
“Master He, it seems that the Bai family doesn’t take you seriously, for the sake of a brat, to go against Master He’s wishes, if Master He doesn’t mind, he can come to my side of the Qin family, how much the Bai family pays, my Qin family can afford to pay the same!”
Qin Xiaotian started fanning the flames at this time!
When Qin Xiaotian said this, that Grandmaster He became even angrier and looked angrily at Bai Xiushan, “Master Bai, are you going to offend me for this brat?”
Bai Xiushan’s face was now worse than crying, and he peeked at Chen Ping, only to see Chen Ping sitting indifferently as if nothing was wrong!
“Master He, Mr. Chen is an honored guest of my Bai family, so …………”
“Hmph, then I’ll go ……”
Without waiting for that Bai Xiushan to finish, Grandmaster He snorted coldly, flicked his sleeves and walked out the door!
“Master He stay ……”
Seeing this, Qin Xiaotian hurriedly got up to stop Grandmaster He: “Grandmaster He, the Bai family has eyes without pearls, but my Qin family has always appreciated Grandmaster He, if Grandmaster He doesn’t mind, how about being my Qin family’s eye master today ……”
Master He looked at Bai Xiushan and Chen Ping, and then nodded, “Good, since Boss Qin thinks highly of me, then today I will help Boss Qin to take care of his eyes properly ……”
Master He sat down next to Qin Xiaotian, and the old man beside Qin Xiaotian, this was sent away by Qin Xiaotian!
Seeing this, Bai Xiushan sat back somewhat awkwardly and looked at Chen Ping.
“Old Bai, you have made a wise choice today, you will not regret it ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“From now on, the Bai family is indebted to Mr. Chen for covering them!” Bai Xiushan said in a low voice!
“Alright, the Bai family has bid up to forty million, if no one is bidding, this bronze mirror will be owned by the Bai family!”
Zou Zhaolong said indifferently.
“I bid forty five million ……” Qin Xiaotian hurriedly bid!
After Qin Xiaotian’s bid, the others all looked at each other and did not follow suit. Although Bai Xiushan liked it, Chen Ping did not nod his head, so he could only watch as the bronze mirror was auctioned off by Qin Xiaotian!
The next piece of treasure came out, but Chen Ping didn’t let Bai Xiushan bid on any of them, instead it was Qin Xiaotian who, under the persuasion of Master He, received almost every piece at a high price.
Bai Xiushan was anxious, but did not dare to say anything, but it was Qin Xiaotian’s smug face that almost made Bai Xiushan angry!
“Master Bai, you don’t believe in a master of arts like Master He, but you trust a brat, even if he is young and has extraordinary strength, but arts is not martial arts, anyone can just practice it, you have lived a long life, but in the end you are cheated by a little brat, won’t it bring shame to the whole of Kyoto along with you?”
Qin Xiaotian said with a smug look on his face.
Bai Xiushan was speechless and could only glare viciously at Qin Xiaotian!
“You won’t be able to laugh in a moment!” Chen Ping picked up the cup of tea in front of him and gently took a sip!