At that moment, a village appeared in front of them and a small mountain stream.
Liu Rui was thrilled to see this.
“Finally, we’re out of that depressing forest, I’m going to die of suffocation if I don’t get out of here.”
“But it’s so strange that there’s a village in this mountain range!”
Liu Rui said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was frowning and looking at everything in front of him.
“I’ve been walking for half a day, my face is covered in sweat, it’s time to wash my face ……”
Looking at the clear message, Liu Rui walked straight over!
But at that moment, Chen Ping pulled Liu Rui: “Don’t go over there ……”
“What’s wrong?” Liu Rui asked.
“I feel something is wrong here ……”
Chen Ping said with a frown.
“There’s a problem? What’s the problem?” Liu Rui looked around carefully and found nothing wrong!
And not far from the creek, an old man was sitting on a rock smoking a cigarette, with a child beside him!
The old man was none other than Old Willow, and the child beside him was only an illusion!
“I can’t tell you right now, but I always feel good here.”
Chen Ping has not yet realised that this is just an illusion!
This shows how good Old Liu’s magic is!
“If there’s a problem, let’s go over there and ask!”
Liu Rui said and walked towards the old man and the child!
Seeing this, Chen Ping had no choice but to follow him and ask questions first!
“Grandpa, where is this place?”
Liu Rui went up to the old man and asked him.
Old Liu raised his head and then looked at Chen Ping and Liu Rui with a hint of doubt in his eyes!
“Who are you people?” Old Liu did not answer Liu Rui, but asked in return.
Because the Great Protector had said that the people who killed Black and White were most likely from the Heavenly Thunder Sect, he had set up another illusion to delay them!
But now Chen Ping and Liu Rui were obviously not from the Heavenly Thunder Sect, so Old Liu had asked this question.
“We are …………”
Liu Rui was about to say that she was from the Pure Yang Sect, but was interrupted by Chen Ping.
“We are mountain people who stumbled into this place by mistake, we have been walking in the forest for a long time and only found this place.
Chen Ping asked Old Liu.
“This is the village of the immortals, our ancestors have lived here for generations.”
Old Liu said indifferently.
“The village of the immortals?” Liu Rui was shocked: “Are you all immortals here?”
“Hahahaha, you’re kidding, how can they all be gods? It’s just that the people in our village have lived longer, so it’s called the village of the gods.”
Old Liu said with a laugh.
“Grandpa, grandpa, I want to go take a bath ……”
At this time, the child ran over and pulled the corner of Old Liu’s coat and said.
“Go ahead ……” Old Liu waved his hand, while the child jumped happily into the stream!
“Why do the people of your village live longer?”
“Are you all martial arts masters?”
Liu Rui asked curiously.
“That’s not true, it’s just because of this stream in our village, no matter how badly you are injured, even if your organs are failing, if you just take a dip in the stream, you will all be cured.”
“Everyone in our village likes to take a dip in this stream, so they all live a long time!”
Old Liu explained.
When Liu Rui heard this, excitement flashed in her eyes and she looked at Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, did you hear that this stream seems to be the same as the regeneration spring?
“I’m going to try and see if the water is the same as the Regeneration Spring!”
Liu Rui said, going to check it out!
Chen Ping stopped Liu Rui and said, “I’d better go and have a look, after all, I’ve been soaking in the spring for a few days, I know it better than you do!”
After that, Chen Ping walked to the stream, slowly squatted down, looked at the clear water, and gently touched it with his hand.