“In the middle of the night, where are you going in a hurry?”
Just as Chen Ping was preparing to leave the five great sects with a few people, Hai Dafu brought someone to stop Chen Ping and the others!
“We remembered that we still have some things to do, so we are planning to go back in the middle of the night.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Oh, I thought that our five great clans had some kind of hospitality that made you leave overnight.”
“Since there’s something, let’s go ……”
Hai Dafu said with a flash!
Seeing that Hai Dafu didn’t stop him, Chen Ping thought that Hai Dafu still didn’t know about the matter of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Execution Order, so he led a few people towards the outside of the five great sects!
But just as Chen Ping passed in front of Hai Da Fu, his eyebrows suddenly frowned, and instinctively his body wanted to dodge to one side!
Only to see the aura of that Hai Dafu’s body suddenly erupt, followed by a fist smashing towards Chen Ping!
If not for Hai Dafu exposing his killing intent in advance, allowing Chen Ping to detect it, perhaps this punch would have been in his hand!
“Kid, I didn’t expect you to react quite fast ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually dodged his blow, Hai Dafu could not help but praise him!
“Dare to strike at Mr Chen, looking for death ……”
Seeing this, the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder immediately leapt up and viciously kicked Hai Dafu, while roaring at Chen Ping “Mr Chen, quickly go, get out of here ……”
At the same time that the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder struck, Bai Shao and Luo Shouhai also struck!
Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun then followed Chen Ping and rushed towards the outside of the five great sects!
Only by rushing out of the five great sects’ quarters could they have any hope of escaping, if they were trapped inside, they would definitely be finished!
At this time, Chen Ping, there was no way to be in charge of the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man and the others, there was only a way to rush out and figure out what to do!
After all, the one that the five great clans wanted to kill was Chen Ping, the Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man and the others were simply not necessary for the five great clans to kill!
Hai Da Fu led their Tian Hai Sect’s people, wanting to stop Chen Ping, but the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, Luo Shou Hai and Bai Shao were desperately resisting, winning time for Chen Ping, making Hai Da Fu unable to stop Chen Ping for a while!
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to rush out of the five great sects’ quarters, suddenly a dozen figures directly blocked the entrance of the quarters!
“Wanting to leave, how can it be that easy ……”
Patriarch Yang of the Tianyang Sect led his men to block Chen Ping’s path!
“Patriarch Yang, we must not let him escape, a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, even if we split it between the two of us, it’s still enough to proudly look down on the entire Southern Region.”
Seeing that Patriarch Yang had led his men to stop Chen Ping, Hai Dafu hurriedly roared out!
That Patriarch Yang did not say anything, but a pair of greedy eyes stared at Chen Ping dead on!
Obviously, he had stopped Chen Ping, also for the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Year Offering!
Chen Ping looked at the Yang Patriarch in front of him and could not help but frown!
The opponent’s strength of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, and with quite a few sect disciples behind him, even if Chen Ping had been elevated to the second rank of the Transition Realm, he would still not be a match for him at all!
Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix were too low in the realm and were not much help either.
Chen Ping knew that today might really be a great calamity for him!
Right now, it was still only two of the five great clans that had made their move, if the other three great clans followed suit, Chen Ping was afraid that he would not even have the ability to fight back!
“Kid, obediently tie your hands and I can let your friends around you go ……”
Patriarch Yang said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glanced at Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun, at this moment, he was indeed a little helpless, he didn’t want to involve the people around him because of himself!
“f*ck you, dare to touch Mr Chen, kill me first ……”
Ji Yun did not wait for Chen Ping to open his mouth, then his body was breath exploded, directly launched an attack!
The fire phoenix even let out a cry and instantly changed back into its body!
A pair of wings burning with flames continuously shot out bursts of fire feathers!
And a mournful cry resounded throughout the entire Heavenly Demon Mountain!