………………
Hongcheng, Pan Long Bay Villa.
It was already the tenth day, and the flickering golden light inside Chen Ping’s room never stopped, while at this moment, Chen Ping was still pounding on the final breakthrough.
Endless spiritual energy swam around Chen Ping’s body, the Heart Condensation Technique was brought into full play by Chen Ping, and those foggy spiritual energy inside his dantian actually began to form frost and dew, turning into a tiny mist of water, while on top of the dantian, an object only the size of a grain of rice was emitting light.
This was the prototype of the Golden Elixir. Now Chen Ping had reached the critical moment of impact, and at this time he was at his most vulnerable, if someone attacked Chen Ping at this time, Chen Ping would lose all his work and die from the backlash.
Every inch of Chen Ping’s body was changing, his flesh was also quietly changing. Every inch of Chen Ping’s skin was born with countless golden scales like a layer of armor, but soon this layer would disappear again, and then appear again, and so on and so forth ……
“Uncle Long, this is already the tenth day, nothing will happen to Chen Ping, right?”
Su Yuqi had been keeping watch at the villa after she knew that Chen Ping was in seclusion, this was the tenth day and she was anxious.
“Don’t worry, nothing will happen, it’s just that Chen Ping is at the critical juncture of his breakthrough right now, he can’t let anyone disturb him before ……”
Long Wu said.
“Well, with us guarding, no one can disturb Chen Ping, not to mention the tiny Hongcheng, even in the entire Jiangbei, not many people can beat us anymore, not to mention we still have Little White ……”
Gu Ling’er said confidently, and with a wave of her hand, beckoned the snow wolf to her side and stroked its head.
Now the snow wolf’s strength is comparable to a fifth-grade martial arts sect, and no one in the whole of Jiangbei is afraid that they can beat a wolf!
Long Wu did not say anything, but frowned slightly and said, “What I am worried about is not Jiang Bei, now Chen Ping is already standing in the limelight of the martial world, there are many people who want to find trouble with him, and now Chen Ping has been chosen for the trial, perhaps for others, the trial is an opportunity, but for Chen Ping, it is full of danger.”
“Uncle Long, the trial is just three days away, I wonder if this Chen Ping will be able to break through?”
Wu Mei’er asked.
“That will only depend on fate!” Long Wu was not sure if Chen Ping would be able to break through the realm and come to his senses in three days.
“Ow …………”
Suddenly, the snow wolf bellowed, followed by its body quickly rushing outside the villa.
Everyone faintly froze, but their faces soon changed.
This was because they sensed several strong and terrifying auras that enveloped the entire villa.
In a small town like Hongcheng, the sudden appearance of such terrifying auras was obviously unreasonable, and several people quickly followed Snow Wolf and rushed out of the villa as well.
Outside the villa, five men dressed in black robes and wearing masks were standing quietly outside the villa.
These five men were none other than the five guardians Long Jingguo had sent to capture Chen Ping.
“Lao Er, did you feel that aura within this villa?”
At this moment, the elder protector standing in the middle asked.
“Big brother, I felt it, this aura is very strong, but it is very unstable, sometimes strong and sometimes weak.”
The second protector replied.
“And when, do you know, will such an aura appear?” The Grand Protector continued to ask.
The other few protectors faintly stared, but soon the second protector spoke up, “Big brother, only when there is a breakthrough to a great realm will there be such an aura, and right now someone in this villa should be breaking through and it has reached a critical moment.”
The five guardians looked at each other immediately afterwards, and then blurted out, “Could it be that Chen Ping?”
But at that moment, Long Wu and the others had already rushed out, and the snow wolf bared its teeth and roared at the five guardians.