Li Xing climbed up from the ground with great difficulty and looked at Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity!
To know that Chen Ping was only at the cultivation level of the Harmonisation Realm, how could he have erupted such a terrifying aura?
This was simply out of the ordinary!
As for Elder Qi who was on the side, his eyes were also wide open, his eyes full of incredulity!
The aura that Chen Ping had just erupted was surprisingly no worse than his!
And the speed of the outburst was also extremely fast, making it impossible for him to react in time!
At this moment, Elder Qi’s eyes no longer held the contempt he had just shown, and were replaced with caution and doubt.
He did not understand how a Harmonisation Realm Chen Ping could have erupted such an aura!
Although in this Celestial Realm, there were also gifted people who could erupt an aura that was stronger than their true realm!
But those were only very few and would not exceed their true realm by much!
However, Chen Ping, who was clearly only at the eighth grade of the Harmonisation Realm, burst out an aura that was at the Transition Realm, which was simply unimaginable!
“Now you know who’s at the end of their tether?”
Ji Yun asked happily when he saw that Li Xing being sent flying directly by Chen Ping’s aura!
Li Xing’s face was full of grimace and did not speak, he was frightened by the aura that Chen Ping had just erupted!
“Gongzi, go ……”
Elder Qi did not have the heart to fight with Chen Ping and planned to take Li Xing away!
Right now, he was mainly protecting Li Xing’s safety, if Li Xing was caught, it would be a big deal!
Li Xing nodded and did not dare to belittle Chen Ping anymore as he prepared to follow Elder Qi and leave!
He realised that the difference in strength between him following Chen Ping was too great!
Although he did not understand what Chen Ping had gone through during this period of time, it also made Li Xing feel incredible that in such a short period of time, Chen Ping’s strength had grown so fast!
“Go?” Chen Ping let out a cold smile “You have come, can you still leave?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth flashed with a touch of disdain, just these two people, Elder Qi and Li Xing, Chen Ping would not let them leave!
“Kid, if I want to leave, let’s see who can stop me ……”
As Elder Qi finished speaking, the robes on his body suddenly became windless, and within the wide sleeve robes, they unexpectedly instantly filled with channels of white smoke!
In just an instant, the figures of Elder Qi and that Li Xing were covered by the white smoke!
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing this, Ji Yun wanted to rush up and help Chen Ping!
“Don’t come over, this smoke is poisonous ……” Chen Ping rushed out to stop Ji Yun!
Only to see Chen Ping’s palms swung violently, above the flat ground, a fierce wind, the wind whistled up, that white smoke was directly blown away.
When the white smoke dispersed, there was no Elder Qi and that Li Xing’s figure!
“Why are they gone? I didn’t see them leave?”
Ji Yun rushed over with a surprised look on his face!
He had seen very carefully from the side and did not see anyone rushing out of that white smoke!
How could two people just disappear when they said they were gone?
Chen Ping swept his surroundings and suddenly stretched out a finger, gently pointing it in the void in front of him!
Within Chen Ping’s Origin Space, the star of the Origin of Illusion instantly flickered!
Feeling the fluctuation of his Illusory Origin, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly!
However, he did not reveal his voice, but instead said to Ji Yun “These two must be relying on smoke to hide, let’s go ……”
“Mr Chen, I really didn’t see anyone leave from that smoke ah, how could they have run away?”
Ji Yun hadn’t understood what Chen Ping meant, so he asked in disbelief!
“They surely know the Vanishing Technique, we can’t see it.”
“If they ran away, then they ran away, if they let me run into them tomorrow, I will definitely make them look good.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and turned around, preparing to return to Demon Emperor City!
Although Ji Yun had a puzzled look on his face, he also intended to follow and leave!
And at this moment, Li Xing and that Elder Qi were right in front of Chen Ping and the others, only that the two of them could not see it!