One must know that what Tong You Gong wanted was to bring Chen Ping back to the Heavenly Thunder Sect alive, for only Chen Ping alive would be most valuable to them!
“I don’t think so, but this move of his is really powerful, I don’t know if this kid will die!”
Liu Xing said slowly.
And Chen Ping felt the vast power, his hands tightly gripping the Dragon Cutting Sword!
A stream of divine dragon power kept pouring into the sword’s body!
The sound of a dragon’s roar rang out as a golden dragon hovered behind Chen Ping!
All the spiritual energy within his dantian was released by Chen Ping, after this strike, no matter if he won or lost, Chen Ping would not be able to resist anymore!
Accompanied by Chen Ping’s low roar, the sword aura on the Dragon Chopper Sword soared.
A golden sword aura shot out from the Dragon Cutting Sword, forming a huge golden sword!
Boom …………
As the giant sword cut down, the ball of light in Tong You Gong’s hand was also instantly thrown out!
With a loud bang, these two auras collided fiercely together!
A large amount of powerful qi scattered out in all directions, and the surrounding disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect all had painful faces as they fought off the qi to death!
Even Liu Xing and Liu Rui, who were far away, were affected by the aftermath, and their bodies swayed, nearly falling off the flying sword!
Chen Ping’s body, like a falling leaf, fell hard to the ground, his wounds bleeding profusely!
He was like a beggar, kneeling on one knee, green blood dripping from several wounds on his body!
This time, the wounds on Tong You Gong’s body were recovering significantly slower!
“Young master …………”
Those Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples hurriedly rushed to Tong Youkong’s body after the aftermath of the wave!
Tong Youkong took a deep breath and slowly stood up, looking at Chen Ping who was lying on the ground, an incredulous expression in his eyes!
“How could this happen? There must be a secret in this kid, I’m going to transfer all of his powers to myself.”
“You guys go and capture him and bring him back to the Heavenly Thunder Sect.”
Tong You Gong said to a few Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was extremely weak, but he still propped himself up on the ground with his sword and slowly got up, looking angrily at Tong Youkong, “As a person from a hidden sect, you don’t even keep your promise, you said you wouldn’t bully the less with the more.”
“If you have the ability, we both continue ……”
Chen Ping wanted to raise the Dragon Cutting Sword, but he didn’t even have the strength to raise it now!
“Hmph, you only have one breath left now, even an ordinary person could easily kill you.”
“When I take you back to the Heavenly Thunder Sect, I will study you properly, why you, a Martial Saint, were able to make me so wretched.”
Tong Yougong finished speaking, then with a wave of his hand, several Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples, directly stepped forward and grabbed Chen Ping up!
Chen Ping did not resist, for he did not have an ounce of strength left to resist.
“Stop it …………”
At that moment, Liu Xing and Liu Rui flew with their swords and then jumped down!
Seeing Liu Xing and Liu Rui, Tong You Gong’s face turned very ugly!
He had forgotten about these two people!
“Liu Xing, what do you want to do?”
Tong Youkong took a deep breath and pretended to be very calm as he asked.
“Tong Youkong, you can’t take this person with you, we have to bring him back to the Pure Yang Sect.”
Liu Xing said straightforwardly.
“I caught this man, why should I let you take him away?” Tong Youkong questioned.
“There is no reason, I just want to take it away.”
Liu Xing said coldly.
This made Tong You Gong furious, and he saw his face fierce as he gritted his teeth and said, “Liu Xing, are you planning to rob him hard?”
“I can tell you, with this ability of yours, you are not my opponent yet.”
After hearing this, Liu Xing then raised the corner of his mouth and said, “Don’t talk big, now that your body is injured, I can waste you with just one hand.”
“Bragging all day long that you are a genius of a hidden sect, and now you are beaten like this by a Martial Saint, and you still have the face to say that?”