Boom!
The stone instantly crumbled, directly forming a large pit here!
But along with the crumbling of the stone, a stream of black qi rose up into the sky, and within these black qi, there were countless points of light flickering!
These black qi converged into human figures with hundreds of auras emanating from their bodies!
“What kind of fellow is this, why has it suddenly appeared?”
Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly backed away!
When Shen Ji Zi saw this scene, he was also shocked, none of them had ever thought about how there could be such a thing in this underground!
“This is a brain-eating parasite, there must be skulls buried in this place, otherwise there wouldn’t be so many brain-eating parasites appearing.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
“Brain Eating Compass?” Chen Ping was dumbfounded, he had never heard of these things, not to mention the fact that the cultivators who died in the Celestial Realm were feared to be in the millions, and he had not seen anyone who died with this kind of thing within their skulls ah!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch could see Chen Ping’s doubts, so he said “This Brain Eating Compass only arises in the case of a strength like mine, it seems that what is buried here is definitely my skull.”
“Then I will use the Supreme Fire to burn all of these Brain Eating Compulsions to death, and then I will take out your skull!”
Chen Ping said as a flame burned in his palm!
“You must kill all the Brain Eating Compasses in one blow, if you leave one behind, it will enter your brain without your knowledge and kill you instantly.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord barked at Chen Ping!
This time, Chen Ping was a little flustered, and the Supreme Fire in his hand did not dare to be waved out!
Looking at the countless flashes of light in front of him, Chen Ping was not sure that he could kill all of these Brain Eating Compasses at once!
“Use your strongest strike, otherwise no one will be able to survive!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said.
Chen Ping thought for a moment, then with a single hand, the Divine King Bow appeared in his hand, right now, there was only that Divine Ji Zi, and if Chen Ping used the Divine King Bow, he wouldn’t necessarily know what it was!
Only by using the Divine King Bow, in conjunction with the Supreme Fire emanating from the Fire Origin within his body, could he achieve Chen Ping’s strongest strike!
If this was not enough to kill these brain-eating parasites, then he could only admit his bad luck!
As soon as the Divine King’s Bow appeared, it was immediately followed by burning flames!
The temperature of the surroundings increased steeply, and the snow instantly melted, turning into more streams of water that flowed in a rushing stream!
The water rushed over Chen Ping’s legs, but Chen Ping did not move at all, staring dead on at the Brain Eating Compass in front of him!
Not far away, Shen Ji Zi looked at what was in front of him with an indescribably complex expression!
He did not recognise the Divine King Bow, but was able to see out that this bow that Chen Ping had taken out was definitely not a mortal item!
Regarding Chen Ping’s identity, he was really curious, in the end, what kind of family son could have endless money and carry so many divine weapons on his body?
Flames rose on the Divine King Bow while Chen Ping pulled the bowstring!
Immediately, countless spiritual qi gathered in the surroundings and finally condensed into an arrow on the Divine King’s Bow, which was also burning with flames under Chen Ping’s Fire Origin’s augmentation!
This arrow was filled with a manic aura, and even Shen Ji Zi, who had hidden to the side, couldn’t help but fall to the ground after sensing this aura!
“What a terrifying aura, this aura, I’m afraid that even a ninth grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm wouldn’t be able to block it, right?”
Shen Ji Zi opened his mouth wide and sighed!
Whoosh!
As soon as Chen Ping let go of his hand, the arrow feather carried a blazing flame and headed straight towards those brain-eating parasites!
There was a distortion in the void, and a black hole unexpectedly appeared in mid-air!
This arrow had actually opened a rift in space-time!
Boom!
The arrow exploded in front of those countless brain-eating parasites, and the terrifying to fire instantly wrapped these brain-eating parasites!
In an instant, the countless brain-eating parasites turned into ashes under the fire!
The space-time rift also slowly closed under this explosion!
“Too terrifying ……”
Shen Ji Zi swallowed his saliva, and the aura on his body constantly trembled chaotically!