“I don’t want to, in fact, with our four great families like this, don’t need to assess can also go to Medicine God Island.”
“Just need to let my dad follow the Pill God Island to say a word for sure, designated with an internal quota.”
“This kind of assessment is definitely targeting those who are just the lowest level pill masters.”
Zhen Huan said without any hurry at all!
“There are still internal quotas? How come I haven’t heard of it?”
Zhou Silang froze!
“You’re so stupid, it’s not just our four great clans, it’s estimated that those pharmacist associations will also have quotas, but it can’t be too many, it’s estimated that for one pharmacist association, it’s not bad if they can only have four or five quotas.”
Zhen Huan said!
As soon as Zhen Huan’s words fell, Chen Wenliang walked over to Chen Ping’s side and said, “Fellow Daoist Chen, how do you feel about this examination?”
“I haven’t looked at it yet, I reckon that many people won’t be able to pass it.”
Chen Ping truthfully said!
“Fellow Daoist Chen you don’t need to be anxious, I have five places in my hand, even if you can’t pass the test, you can still go to Pill God Island.”
“Even if you walk through the back door of me, the president of the Pill Master Association, I will definitely give Fellow Daoist Chen a spot.”
Chen Wenliang said!
He had just come over, in order to give Chen Ping a quota, in this way, if Chen Ping did not join the Central Region Apothecary Society, he would have to do so, and if he wanted a quota, he would have to join!
Hearing the words internal, quota, and backdoor, Chen Ping could not help but laugh!
These cultivators of the Celestial Realm, it seemed that they couldn’t get rid of those human affairs of the secular world either!
No matter what world it was, strength was often the most important!
Other people can’t even get the quota with all the hard work, in the eyes of these families, pharmacists will just go through the back door to get it!
They even took the initiative to give the quota, this is the gap!
Some people have been working hard to reach Rome!
Some people are already in Rome as soon as they are born!
“President Chen, I don’t want this quota, I wonder if I can get a quota for my two friends?”
“They want to join the Central Region Apothecary Association, do you think it’s possible, President Chen?”
Chen Ping pointed at Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng and said!
“Of course it’s possible, it’s a matter of my word!”
Chen Wenliang nodded!
“Then thank you, President Chen, if you need anything, just tell me, as long as I can do it, I will be obliged!”
Chen Ping said gratefully!
He knew that the reason why Chen Wenliang had given Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng the opportunity and quota was also because of his face!
In the Celestial Realm, it was all about using each other, and if Chen Ping hadn’t shown an absolute talent for formations, Chen Wenliang wouldn’t have been able to do so!
So Chen Ping also had to make Chen Wenliang feel comfortable in his heart!
“Fellow Daoist Chen is polite, I’ll go in and ask for a place to go!”
After Chen Wenliang finished speaking, he turned around and left!
He had only taken one quota for Chen Ping, and now that Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng were the two, Chen Wenliang had to go and ask for another one, and if he couldn’t get one, then one of the insiders of their Central Region Apothecary Guild had to give the quota away!
After Chen Wenliang left, Zhen Huan then grinned and said, “Si Lang, see, the Apothecary Guild has a quota, there’s no way our four great families don’t have one!”
“Huan Huan is so smart, or you’re right!”
Zhou Silang said dotingly!
“The cases on this doctor-seeking list may seem difficult, but in fact, when you look through it, it’s not difficult at all!”
At this moment, someone suddenly leapt up and hovered in mid-air!
When the many pharmacists in the Western Region saw this person, they immediately shouted with excitement, “Pill Master Zhong, if Pill Master Zhong makes a move, there is no illness that can’t be cured.”
“Although the Medicine Seeking List pays well, Pill Priest Zhong doesn’t care about the pay, so he hasn’t made a move.”
“Hahaha, if Pill Honour Zhong comes out, I’ll see what this Pill God Island is still doing.”
“Pill Master Zhong, the one who has profound medical skills and is also a good person who is kind and charitable?”
There were people who recognised Zhong Yi and those who didn’t, but many people had heard of Zhong Yi’s great name!