Du Da climbed up with difficulty and looked at the wound on his chest, suddenly he smiled coldly, “Chen Ping, you and I are both YuanYing, you should know the truth that the YuanYing cannot die and the flesh cannot be destroyed, do you think you can kill me like this?”
“Then let’s try ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared as his body leapt up once again.
Seeing this, Duda instantly cast a spell to block Chen Ping’s strike, but just as he cast the spell, his mind was suddenly in turmoil again, causing Duda’s head to instantly have a splitting headache!
The attack of Chen Ping’s mental power just now had directly injured Duda’s brain, and Duda was unable to cast his spell at all.
Du Da came back to his senses and tried to raise his mind and condense his spiritual energy to block Chen Ping, but it was already too late.
Chen Ping reached Du Da and plunged a claw directly into Du Da’s chest, then his palm groped around Du Da’s chest as he tried to grab Du Da’s YuanYing out!
Duda’s face became extremely ugly, the intense pain made him become very hideous.
This tragic scene instantly shocked the crowd, they did not know what Chen Ping was trying to do.
When Zhu Zhishan, who was not far away, saw this, a chill hit him, and then he turned and ran away.
At this moment, Chen Ping didn’t have the effort to pay attention to that Zhu Zhishan, but grabbed Du Da’s YuanYing with one hand, which was the same as grabbing Du Da’s lifeline!
“No, don’t …………”
Du Da shouted desperately.
He had to know that it was not easy for him to cultivate to the YuanYing realm, if Chen Ping really destroyed his YuanYing, even if he didn’t kill him, then there was no point for him to live.
“You want to beg for mercy now, it’s too late ……”
Chen Ping gave a fierce and hard yank, directly ripping off Du Da’s cause.
Duda’s genesis was only a little bigger than his thumb, and looking at the tiny cause, Chen Ping instantly put it into his pocket.
Many people watched this scene from afar, and although they didn’t know what Chen Ping had packed in, they were all shocked!
“That Chen Ping is really a devil, did he just rip off his heart and put it into his pocket?”
“It’s horrible, I didn’t expect this Chen Ping to be so cruel.”
“Forget it, it’s better not to mess with this guy in the future ……”
When the crowd saw this bloody scene, they all couldn’t help but close their eyes.
Duda’s YuanYing disappeared and the breath on his body instantly shriveled up as he looked at Chen Ping with a pleading face.
“Please …… beg you, give me back my YuanYing, I can let you be the king of Penglai Island ……”
Du Da begged at Chen Ping, praying for Chen Ping to return the YuanYing to him.
On the other hand, Chen Ping sneered, “I have no interest in any king, I only know that those who offend me will be executed ……”
When Du Da heard this, his face was instantly a deadly grey, he knew he would not survive.
“Zhu Zhi Shan, you liar …………”
Duda roared in anger, suddenly a mouthful of blood gushed out and his body fell heavily to the ground.
To the point of death, Duda’s eyes were open, unable to rest in peace.
He was resigned, but there was nothing he could do, who let him be greedy and want the treasure on Chen Ping and end up in such a situation!
Watching Duda die, many people’s expressions became extremely complicated, and when Chen Ping looked at the crowd not far away, one by one, no one dared to follow Chen Ping’s direct gaze, and hurriedly ran away in fear.
At this time, Long Jingguo’s face was unspeakably ugly, Chen Ping had killed Du Da, which meant that the Long Family’s trials would have many variables because of Chen Ping’s participation.
At this moment, Long Jingguo felt a murderous intent and hastily raised his eyes to find Chen Ping looking at him with a leering gaze and a face full of murderous aura.
Long Jingguo hurriedly withdrew his gaze, then hurriedly got into his car and left.
A moment ago, there was a crowd of people, but now there was no one left, only Duda’s corpse lying cold on the ground.
“Zhu Zhishan, I feel I can’t spare you ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, and then pulled out the YuanYing from his arms.
Looking at the crystal clear YuanYing, Chen Ping decided to find a place to refine and absorb the YuanYing first.