Chen Ping got up and walked out of the Protector’s Pavilion, and then informed Xu Changsheng to come to the Protector’s Pavilion with the best pills from the Pill God Valley to treat Xing Jun.
When Chen Ping returned to the Red Lotus Palace, he found that no one had greeted him at the entrance!
When he walked into the Red Lotus Palace, Chen Ping always felt that the atmosphere was strange, and those disciples of the Red Lotus Palace were secretly smiling when they looked at Chen Ping!
“Xiaomin, where are your sister and the others?”
Chen Ping asked after seeing Xiao Min!
“I don’t know, my sister and the girls said they were going to pick you up from the airport, didn’t you see them?”
Xiaomin said.
“To pick me up? You didn’t see that?”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and was about to leave, he had to go and see what was going on!
But just as Chen Ping turned around, he found that the door of the Red Lotus Palace had been closed.
Immediately afterwards, Gu Ling’er, Ji Ru Xue and the girls in general rushed out!
“We’ve been waiting for you for half a day, what have you been doing?”
A group of girls surrounded Chen Ping and questioned him loudly!
This confused Chen Ping. They say that even a ghost can die under a peony flower.
But when Chen Ping was faced with these beautiful girls, all he could think about was getting away!
It was only when he could explain clearly that the girls let him go!
Just as Chen Ping was following Gu Ling’er and the girls, on the outskirts of Kyoto, a middle-aged man dressed in grey cloth and wearing a hat was hurrying towards the city of Kyoto!
This man was so dirty that many people avoided seeing him, and at a glance he looked like he had fled from somewhere!
Although the man’s clothes were dirty, the man’s eyes had an awkwardly cold look in them!
This man was Kawaguchi Kazuo, who had escaped death!
After Chen Ping destroyed the island’s secret stronghold in Daxia, Kazuo Kawaguchi was severely criticised upon his return to China!
And he was told to bring the Watanabe clan back to Daxia to kill Chen Ping once and for all!
Only just as they reached the border, they were intercepted by Xing Jun with his men!
In the past, when they saw this, they would have fled and found another time, after all, they didn’t want to follow the officials into a conflict!
But who knew that one of the Watanabe family had followed the law enforcement team and even killed one of them!
The battle broke out and because of the low strength of the enforcement team, they were all killed and Xing Jun was seriously injured!
Mr. Shi was furious and ordered that these men must be wiped out!
In the end, all the men from the Watanabe family that Kazuo Kawaguchi had brought with him died, and only Kazuo Kawaguchi escaped from the dead!
But he didn’t dare to go back to his country, he had to kill Chen Ping now before he could go back to his country without being punished!
“Chen Ping, it’s all because of you that I’ve ended up in such a situation, I’m going to cut you into pieces ……”
Looking at Kyoto in front of him, Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes were filled with rage!
As night fell, the nightlife in Kyoto began, neon lights were flashing all around, and many people were walking down the spacious streets in their fancy clothes!
And not far from the Dragon Gate, Kazuo Kawaguchi, dressed in rags, was sitting in the corner, his eyes dead on the entrance to the Dragon Gate!
Soon, a member of the Dragon Sect came out and then walked into an alleyway!
Seeing this, Kazuo Kawaguchi followed him like a ghost!
Immediately afterwards a miserable scream sounded from the alleyway and Kawaguchi Kazuo walked out, frowning slightly, “That Chen Ping is not even inside the Dragon Sect?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo still didn’t know that Chen Ping was at the Red Lotus Palace and hadn’t even returned at night!
Now Chen Ping was surrounded by a group of girls, with notes all over his face, and a group of people were playing cards!
“Chen Ping, don’t cheat, hurry up and take your cards back ……”
Xiaolan yelled at Chen Ping!
The other girls were also talking about Chen Ping, anyway it was one person talking and a gang helping to surround them.
Chen Ping himself was outnumbered!
Just then, Chen Ping’s mobile phone rang, and it was Long Xingxu calling.
Once the call was answered, Long Xingxu’s anxious voice came through, “Brother Chen Ping, something has happened, one of our Dragon Sect members has been killed ……”
“What?” Chen Ping stood up with a scuffle!
The group of girls saw that Chen Ping’s face did not look right, and no one dared to speak.