“Sister, how come you didn’t say anything when you found a boyfriend so that I could give you advice, looking at the guy dressed very average, not like a rich man!”
Gu Feng shot a glance at Chen Ping, and then said with some contempt.
Gu Ling’er blushed and snarled at Gu Feng, “Shut up, this is my friend, not my boyfriend, don’t talk nonsense!”
“Pull it down, if it’s not a boyfriend, how could you possibly bring it home?” Gu Feng gave Gu Ling’er a blank look, “You are very reluctant for me to enter your home, how can you let an ordinary friend in, I don’t care if he is your boyfriend, you can lend me some money to spend first, I don’t have any money!”
“I don’t have any either, how many times have you borrowed money from me?” Gu Ling’er shook her head straight away.
“Sis, if you don’t lend me money, I’ll tell the family about you having a boyfriend!” Gu Feng said, surprisingly taking out her mobile phone to take a few photos of Chen Ping, then said smugly, “I’m going to let everyone at home advise you on how your boyfriend is!”
“Delete the photos for me, I said he’s not my boyfriend, he’s just an ordinary friend!”
Gu Ling’er wanted to grab Gu Feng’s phone, but Gu Feng just wouldn’t give it to her, and the two siblings were chasing each other around inside the room!
Chen Ping watched from the side with a strong look of envy on his face, he sometimes thought how nice it would be if he had younger siblings, he would definitely spoil them.
“Alright, you delete the photo and I’ll pay you, say, how much do you want this time?”
Gu Ling’er gasped and said to Gu Feng.
In fact, with Gu Ling’er’s strength, she could easily snatch the phone from Gu Feng’s hand, how could she say that Gu Ling’er had practiced!
It was just that Gu Ling’er didn’t want to make a real move on her brother!
Gu Feng smiled faintly, “It’s not much, I’ll take 100,000!”
“How much? One hundred thousand?” Gu Ling’er immediately shrieked, “Do you know how much my monthly salary is? How dare you ask for 100,000? I don’t have it!”
“You don’t have it, but my brother-in-law does!” When Gu Feng finished, he looked at Chen Ping and said, “Brother-in-law, do you have any money? Lend me 100,000 first, and if I can’t pay it back, then it will be deducted from the bride price you gave my sister!”
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately laughed, he felt that Gu Ling’er, his younger brother, was quite funny.
“I have it, open your phone’s receipt code, I’ll scan it over for you!” Chen Ping took out his phone, “No need to borrow it, count it as me giving it to you!”
With Chen Ping’s relationship with Gu Wentian, giving his grandson a hundred thousand dollars was nothing!
“Really?” Gu Feng said with a start.
“Of course!” Chen Ping took his phone and showed it to Gu Feng: “I’m not short of this hundred thousand dollars!”
To the current Chen Ping, a hundred thousand dollars was really just a dime a dozen!
Looking at the balance on Chen Ping’s phone, Gu Feng was immediately frozen and soon hugged Chen Ping excitedly, “Brother-in-law, you are my real brother-in-law, if my sister changes her boyfriend in the future, I will recognize you as my brother-in-law even if I don’t recognize her!”
Gu Ling’er looked at Gu Feng with a red face in anger, and then said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, don’t give him money, he just knows how to spend money everywhere!”
But Chen Ping still transferred 100,000 yuan to Gu Feng, which made him so happy!
“Brother-in-law, let’s leave our contact information, I’ll take you out for a drink tonight, I’m familiar in the provincial city, and there’s no one who doesn’t know me, Gu Feng!”
Gu Feng would only run away excitedly after adding Chen Ping’s contact details!
Gu Ling’er sat down on the sofa with a helpless face and looked at Chen Ping with some complaint, “Who told you to give him money?”
“One hundred thousand yuan, it’s not much money!” Chen Ping said with a smile.
“This guy goes fooling around when he gets the money, that’s why my parents control him and don’t give him any money!”
Gu Ling’er sighed, but then looked at Chen Ping, “That 100,000 yuan, I’ll pay you back, I hope this guy won’t talk nonsense outside!”