Chen Ping nodded, “Yes, within that ancient tree space ……”
“Ancient tree space?”
Criminal Daorong’s face was filled with doubt, seemingly not knowing what Chen Ping was talking about with the Ancient Tree Space!
Seeing the look of Criminal Daorong, Chen Ping was also a little puzzled, “Could it be that you don’t know about the Ancient Tree Space?”
Xing Daorong shook his head, “I don’t know!”
“It’s that ancient tree within that large prison, didn’t you still send Bai Cheng to guard that ancient tree? How could you not know about that ancient tree space?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
“Oh, you said that ancient tree within the dungeon ah, guarding that ancient tree was the City Lord’s order from earlier years.”
“At that time, the person who was guarding the dungeon was that Yan Shuangying’s, while guarding the ancient tree was for me to send someone, so that it was considered double protection, and to not allow people to casually touch that ancient tree.”
“But I don’t know what space that ancient tree has ah, even more I don’t know the city lord is there!”
Criminal Dao Rong explained!
“There is a space within that ancient tree, and your City Lord is in seclusion and cultivation within it, I’ve seen him once.”
“And that ancient tree relies on absorbing the spiritual energy of the prisoners to replenish the resources used by your City Lord for his cultivation!”
Chen Ping said!
Criminal Dao Rong was silent for a moment, then said with some concern, “In that case, that City Lord should also know about what happened within the Beast City, right? If he knows that we killed Qiu Wanha, that would be troublesome ……”
Xing Daorong was a little flustered at the moment, if the City Lord blamed him, he would not be able to bear the blame!
Even Chen Ping couldn’t handle it, after all, the City Lord was a Fulfilled Immortal realm expert!
Don’t look at Chen Ping to be able to kill the peak of the ninth grade of the Mahayana realm, but once you enter the realm of the Immortalisation realm, then the overall strength is a qualitative leap!
The peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm was just a cultivator, but once he entered the Immortalisation realm, he would become a half-immortal body!
“Don’t worry, I’m planning to go and follow your City Lord tomorrow to talk, he should be hell bent on ascending right now, and probably doesn’t and doesn’t want to care about all this shit in Beast City.”
“But entering the City Lord’s Mansion, the matter of you wanting to be the City Lord, it’s better to hold off for now, don’t be in too much of a hurry!”
Chen Ping said as he comforted Xing Daorong!
“Good, I will wait for Mr Chen’s good news!”Xing Daorong nodded!
After following Xing Daorong’s chat, Chen Ping then returned to his room, intending to have a good night’s rest, and then tomorrow, he would go and talk to that City Lord!
If everything went well, he planned to leave this Beast City, after all, he had stayed here for a few days as well!
The Immortal Spirit Stone vein will be managed and mined by Xing Daorong, and Chen Ping will just come over to get the Immortal Spirit Stones at that time!
As for the ancient tree, Chen Ping does not intend to move, after all, that is the city master cultivation must be things, if Chen Ping wants to take for himself, will inevitably follow the city master to do a battle!
Although Chen Ping had been promoted to the second rank of the Mahayana realm, he did not have the confidence to fight with the Immortalisation realm cultivators!
As long as the City Lord did not ask about Beast City and did not spy on his Immortal Spirit Stone veins, Chen Ping would not disturb his cultivation!
Just as Chen Ping had just pushed open the door to his room, a figure suddenly rushed towards Chen Ping!
Before Chen Ping could react, he was wrapped in a wave of softness!
Immediately followed by a tantalising body fragrance, Chen Ping looked down and found that it was Xiong Ying who was holding him!
At this time, Xiong Ying was not wearing a single piece of clothing, and her snow-white skin shook Chen Ping’s eyes!
Especially the strange body fragrance on Xiong Ying’s body made Chen Ping only feel blood rushing straight towards his head!
“Xiong Ying, what are you doing? Quickly untie me ……”
Chen Ping said somewhat at a loss for words!
“Mr Chen, take me, I know that you are not an ordinary person, and you will definitely leave here when the time comes.”
“After you leave, what will my brother and I do? With just the two of us, there’s no way we can defend ourselves!”
Xiong Ying said as she hugged Chen Ping to death!