Boom …………
A tremendous sound, instantly causing the earth to crumble and smoke to roll!
A figure flew backwards out of the smoke and dust, followed by a heavy fall to the ground!
The crowd looked and found that it was Third Elder, only to see that Third Elder’s face was incomparably ugly and his mouth was coughing up blood!
“Third senior brother, although you and I are both of the third grade strength of the Combined Body realm, you are still inferior to me.”
“Today I will kill all those who have betrayed me, all of them!”
Hu Yixiao swept the crowd with a cold glint in his eyes!
“All disciples, listen to the order, protect the Sovereign to your death!”
Nie Heng suddenly shouted out, causing all the Jade Tripod Sect disciples to block in front of Liu Ruyan!
Seeing this, Hu Yixiao gritted his teeth in anger and said “Nie Heng, you are my disciple and now you betray me, I will send you to hell, so that you can never be reincarnated ……”
Hu Yixiao’s breath was rushing, followed by a fist smashing towards Nie Heng!
This punch instantly caused a storm, a huge storm that caused many of the Jade Tripod Sect disciples to fall to the ground as they found it hard to bear!
Nie Heng, on the other hand, was facing the huge storm with determination in his eyes!
Although he was no match for Hu Yixiao and could not block this blow at all, Nie Heng did not dodge!
A death-defying aura rose up in Nie Heng’s body!
Seeing that the huge storm was about to reach Nie Heng, a figure suddenly blocked in front of Nie Heng, followed by a white light flash, and the huge storm, surprisingly, was instantly crushed and disappeared under this white aura!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing the person in front of him, Nie Heng shouted in excitement!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then looked at Liu Ruyan and said “I’m not too late, am I?”
Liu Ruyan shook her head “No, you came just in time ……”
“Chen Ping?”
When Hu Yixiao saw Chen Ping, his face turned blue!
“Hu Yixiao, do you have itchy skin, and you still dare to bring people to attack the Jade Tripod Sect?”
“I’m telling you, I’ll be covering the Jade Tripod Sect from now on, don’t you dare to hit the Jade Tripod Sect anymore.”
Chen Ping said to Hu Yixiao with a disdainful face!
Hu Yixiao frowned and looked at Chen Ping with anger “What a big mouth, it looks like you have also advanced to the Harmony Realm, but you are a newly promoted Harmony Realm cultivator and you dare to talk to me like that!”
“I think you are tired of living …………”
Hu Yixiao said, and slammed his fist towards Chen Ping, for Chen Ping’s hatred, Hu Yixiao had always kept it in his heart!
“Since you despise newly promoted Merged Body realm cultivators, then I will show you the might of my newly promoted Merged Body realm cultivator!”
Chen Ping said, as his right hand fiercely clenched his fist, a golden light erupted from Chen Ping’s right fist!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping swung out with a fist as well!
Boom!
The two men clashed their fists and the golden light exploded out in all directions!
Hu Yixiao only felt a huge force, like a moving train, hit his chest heavily!
Hu Yixiao was instantly knocked out by this force, and many bones in his body were shattered by this force, spurting blood furiously!
Bang …………
The body of Hu Yixiao fell in front of General Qi’s eyes. General Qi and the many beast soldiers looked at Hu Yixiao, only to see that Hu Yixiao’s face was as white as paper, and his arm had been deformed, understanding that it was broken!
At this moment, General Qi and the beast soldiers of the Ming Li King City were all dumbfounded, knowing that Hu Yixiao was a third-ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm, how could he be so unbeatable in front of Chen Ping, a newly promoted Harmony Realm cultivator?
This was simply not scientific!
Hu Yixiao panted heavily as he struggled to get up from the ground, looking at Chen Ping with an incredulous face!
“How could this happen? This is impossible ……”
Hu Yixiao couldn’t believe it, he had actually been seriously injured by Chen Ping’s punch!