Hong Cheng Pan Long Mountain Villa!
At this moment, Chen Ping had been locked up in his room for four days, and in these four days, Chen Ping had been absorbing the spirit energy from the spirit stones, and there were not many spirit stones left in the courtyard!
In Chen Ping’s body, the spirit energy had almost reached a gushing state, surging in bursts, as if it was about to burst through his dantian!
Chen Ping’s forehead was already drenched in sweat, every major realm breakthrough was a calamity, not only would his dantian break through and be reshaped, even his body would be the same.
Now Chen Ping felt as if his body was a puddle of mud and all his bones had been cracked, but Chen Ping did not dare to stop because he knew that this was the most crucial time for a breakthrough!
As long as he broke through, his strength would take a qualitative leap, but if he gave up or failed, then there was no telling when the next time he would break through would be!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, a burst of sound erupted from within Chen Ping’s body, followed by the Dantian being broken by the vast sea of spiritual energy, but the broken Dantian soon reunited again and the vast spiritual energy was sucked back into the Dantian!
But this time after the vast spiritual qi gushed into the dantian, there was not a single movement, as if the stone had sunk into the sea, and there was no longer the surging surge that had just occurred ……
“A breakthrough …………”
Chen Ping’s eyes snapped open with excitement in his eyes!
If the Dantian of the Foundation Establishment stage was a bucket of water, then now that Chen Ping had broken through, the Dantian had become a water tank, originally a bucket full of water, but when poured into the tank, it was unremarkable!
Chen Ping looked out of the window, at this moment, hundreds of metres outside the window, Chen Ping could see clearly, and his hearing had also become acute!
Chen Ping’s aura had also changed considerably, stepping into the incipient stage this was the beginning of true immortality cultivation, one could not eat the fire and smoke of the world anymore!
Walking out of the room, Chen Ping found that both Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were not there, probably because they had been bored for the past few days and the two had gone shopping!
Took a shower in the bathroom and changed his clothes!
Chen Ping, who had wanted to have a good sleep, ended up being called out by Zhao Wuji with a phone call!
At a teahouse in Hongcheng, Zhao Wuji brought Xu Shimao with him. Xu Shimao was worthy of being a Grand Master, so heavily injured, he was already unaffected in a few days.
Seeing Chen Ping arrive, Xu Shimao politely helped Chen Ping move a chair!
During the Xuan Yue Valley trip, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping, Xu Shimao would have been a corpse by now!
“This is the tea I personally brought from Kyoto, try it ……”
Zhao Wuji said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping picked up the cup of tea and gently took a sip, “Looking for me for something?”
“It’s not a big deal, I just want to thank you for saving Captain Xu, the other thing is about the Qin family, they shouldn’t come after you in a short time, they have to wait until the Qin family head comes out of customs!”
Zhao Wuji said.
“You called me out, just to tell me this?” Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Even if the Qin Family came to look for trouble with me now, I’m not afraid!”
Chen Ping, who had advanced to the Purgatory realm, even if an Internal Energy Grand Master came, it would only be a matter of a slap on the wrist!
“Mr. Chen, I hope you don’t take the enemy lightly, the Qin family’s current strength cannot be underestimated, that Qin family’s four vajra’s are all killing machines, all of them are at the strength of Grand Master, and that Qin family’s master may be at the peak of Grand Master this time out, he may even be promoted to Martial Arts Master, this is a very terrifying power… …”
Zhao Wuji said persuasively to Chen Ping.
“Alright, if you just came over to tell me this, then you can go, I don’t even put the Qin family in my eyes ……”
Chen Ping slowly got up and prepared to leave!
“Mr. Chen, can I take the liberty to ask you, what realm of strength have you reached now?”
Zhao Wuji was curious as to what Chen Ping’s strength actually was!
But hearing that Xu Shimao come back and narrate that Chen Ping had easily killed Qian Feng, the valley master of Xuan Yue Valley, made Zhao Wuji wonder just how high Chen Ping’s strength was!