Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, Tong Youkong laughed, “You haven’t heard of our Heavenly Thunder Sect, but I’m sure you know about the Hidden Sect, your current skills are considered one of the tops in the martial arts world, I’m sure many people are looking up to that ……”
“But this Martial Saint strength of yours is only the worst disciple in our Heavenly Thunder Sect, look at all of them, which realm is not higher than yours?”
Tong Youkong said as he pointed at those Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples surrounding Chen Ping.
These Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples were indeed not low in strength, the worst of them were all at the peak of Martial Saint strength, which was also higher than Chen Ping!
“But you don’t need to be discouraged, you relied on your Martial Saint strength to kill Jue Yuan, an old vulture who had just been promoted to Martial God, proving that you are very capable, and our Heavenly Thunder Sect welcomes talented people like you!”
Tong You Gong was constantly throwing olive branches at Chen Ping!
“Sorry, I have other things to do, and I don’t want to join any Heavenly Thunder Sect ……”
Chen Ping shook his head, turned around and wanted to leave!
But a few disciples from the Heavenly Thunder Sect blocked the way and had no intention of letting Chen Ping go!
“It’s not a matter of whether you want to or not, because no one can refuse our Heavenly Thunder Sect, I’m not discussing with you, it’s an order ……”
Tong Youkong said in a very domineering manner.
Chen Ping frowned, “What if I insist on not going with you?”
“Then I will break your legs and carry you away ……”
Tong Youkong said without hesitation.
“Just because you don’t have that ability ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped as a burst of battle intent radiated from his body!
“Hahahaha …… hahahaha …………”
“You frog at the bottom of the well, you don’t think that because you killed one Jue Yuan, you feel invincible, do you?”
“That Jue Yuan is only a newly promoted Martial God, he doesn’t even have the power of a tenth of a real Martial God, today I will show you what is the power of a Martial God ……”
After saying this, Tong Youkong slowly raised his arm, and it was with this gentle lift that a powerful aura instantly erupted.
The terrifying aura rolled and rushed towards Chen Ping like an ocean wave ……
Chen Ping instantly felt as if the air around him had frozen, even the void seemed to be twisting and distorting!
Chen Ping’s face changed slightly, as if several huge mountains were pressing down on Chen Ping’s body!
Poof …………
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and knelt down on one knee, the bones in his body were making cackling sounds, the skin on his body even turned blood red, the tremendous pressure caused the blood to start penetrating his skin!
Chen Ping’s breathing became laboured and cold sweat was falling from his forehead!
Seeing Chen Ping in this state, the corners of Tong You Gong’s mouth lifted slightly, his eyes filled with disdain!
A Martial Saint was a Martial Saint, even if one was highly talented, there was no way to follow a true Martial God against him!
“Remember, I don’t care how high you are in the martial world or how loud your reputation is, but in the eyes of our Hidden Sect, it’s all rubbish ……”
Tong You Gong said with contempt in his eyes.
Chen Ping didn’t say a word, his head lowered as cold sweat continued to drip down!
“How about it? Will you behave and come with me, or will you let me break your legs?”
“Two choices for you, you can choose now ……”
Tong You Gong said to Chen Ping.
“What if, I don’t choose anything ……”
Chen Ping snapped his head up, followed by a powerful aura that burst out from Chen Ping’s body!
Tong You Gong was stunned, he didn’t expect how Chen Ping could possibly still emit such a powerful aura under his own suppression!
But just as he was in a daze, Chen Ping had already struck a fist of holy light, fiercely knocking away a Heavenly Thunder Sect disciple, and his whole body was like lightning, rushing towards the mountain!
Just now, Chen Ping had deliberately shown his weakness, so that Tong Youkong would let down his guard and then find an opportunity to escape!
Although Chen Ping was not afraid to fight with Tong You Gong, but Tong You Gong also had several Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples with him, if these people came together, Chen Ping was afraid that he would not be a match.
What’s more, there were two other people, Liu Xing and Liu Rui, looking at him with a murderous aura, and Chen Ping didn’t know what these two people were doing, so he could only find a chance to escape!