Chen Ping was struck by a punch from Duda, while Chen Ping’s punch hit Duda’s body just as hard.
The two men had actually started fighting for their lives!
But who knew that Chen Ping’s punch did not cause any damage when it hit Duda, but instantly a huge recoil emanated from Duda’s body, instantly sending Chen Ping flying out.
Chen Ping’s body was like a cannonball, hitting the ground hard, smashing the ground into a deep crater!
“Elder brother Du, good job, kill him ……”
Zhu Zhishan shouted in excitement when he saw this.
Everyone else also shook their heads, knowing that Chen Ping would not be able to escape this time.
Long Jingguo, on the other hand, narrowed his eyes, “Chen Ping, Chen Ping, you are still too young ……”
From everyone’s point of view, Chen Ping was bound to die today!
With that blow just now, the strength of the two men had been judged immediately!
Du Da was unharmed, while Chen Ping was sent flying, the winner was already known.
“Chen Ping, I admit that you are a genius, but unfortunately in this world, geniuses never live long ……”
Duda stepped forward and looked down at Chen Ping in the deep pit and said coldly.
Chen Ping got up, gritted his teeth and looked at Duda as his body once again shot out, heading straight for Duda.
The golden fist, with a devastating force, instantly enveloped Duda.
This time, Duda actually wore a smile on his face, not dodging or dodging!
Boom!
There was another loud bang as Chen Ping’s punch smashed into Duda, but he himself was shaken by the tremendous recoil and fell back with a loud bang, spitting blood from his mouth.
Duda looked at Chen Ping’s miserable face and burst out laughing, “Haha, Chen Ping, let’s see how much strength you still have, keep it up ……”
Du Da’s laughter was filled with mockery, while that Zhu Zhishan also had a fierce smile on his face.
When the crowd saw this scene, some of them had already started to disperse, it was a battle without suspense now.
“At first, I thought that Chen Ping could follow King Du in a match, but I never thought that it was King Du who deliberately gave way to that Chen Ping at the beginning!”
“Du Da was already incredibly strong decades ago, and now that he has retired for decades, how could that Chen Ping be his opponent.”
“A pity, a pity, if this Chen Ping had been able to be more mellow, he wouldn’t have fallen to this state!”
The crowd was chattering, some of them had already left early.
Chen Ping frowned as he looked at Du Da and brought out the Dragon Cutting Sword with one hand.
Facing Chen Ping’s Dragon Chopping Sword, that Du Da was not the least bit nervous at the moment, and his face still wore a mocking smile.
Chen Ping was silent as he gently stepped on his feet and his body instantly shot up into the sky, and the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand slashed down in the same way.
Rolling sword qi came overwhelmingly, as if it collapsed the entire void.
Sword Qi rushed to the sky, the star river shook …………
The smile on Duda’s face finally disappeared in the face of this rolling sword qi, but he still didn’t dodge!
Clang!
Chen Ping’s sword swung and slashed at Duda’s body, making a clear crisp sound.
On the contrary, Chen Ping’s body instantly seemed to have been struck by a sharp weapon, and a deep bloodstain appeared on his chest, and his whole body instantly flew backwards.
The wound on Chen Ping’s chest was so deep that it could be seen to the bone, and blood was continuously flowing out, it could be described as shocking!
“Hahahaha, I didn’t think you kid would dare to use a sharp weapon, so you will die faster ……”
Duda laughed coldly.
Chen Ping looked at the wound on his chest and put the Dragon Chopping Sword away, he seemed to understand something.
Every time he attacked, he would be shaken back by that Duda, and this time the sword wound was obviously caused by the sword he had just swung.
Now Chen Ping was more like hitting himself, and the harder he pushed, the greater the force of that recoil would be.
Chen Ping did not expect that this Duda would still have this strange technique, so Chen Ping felt a bit tricky!