“From today onwards, the company has nothing more to do with you, so go wherever you need to go!”
Bai Xiushan said coldly.
Poof …………
After hearing this, Tang Shili sat down on the ground with a poof, he had survived all his life and now there was nothing left.
“Dad …………”
Tang would hastily pull Tang Shili up.
“Master Bai, I beg you, please let me go, please let me go ……”
Tang Shili knelt down in front of Bai Xiushan and began to plead bitterly.
But Bai Xiushan was unmoved, without Chen Ping speaking up in this matter, Bai Xiushan would not dare to make his own decisions.
Tang Shili also seemed to see what was going on, so he gritted his teeth and looked at Chen Ping and begged for forgiveness, “Chen Ping, just now it was uncle’s fault for blaming you, please say something to Master Bai and let me off the hook for once ……”
Chen Ping looked at Tang Shili coldly, “I wouldn’t dare to climb high above you as an uncle ……”
Seeing that it was useless to beg Chen Ping, Tang Shili turned his head towards Tang Hongying.
“Hongying, please help me beg for mercy, big brother is wrong, big brother is wrong ……”
Tang Shili begged Tang Hongying, while Tang Hongying, with a face of embarra*sment and heartache, wanted to reach out and help Tang Shili up.
But just as Tang Hongying reached out, she was pulled away by Chen Baoguo, who didn’t say anything but could see that he didn’t want Tang Hongying to bother.
Tang Shili begged around, and there was no one to take pity on him!
At this moment, Tang Hui, looking at his father like this, rushed forward with an angry face and pulled Tang Shili up.
“Dad, let’s not beg them, the big deal is not to stay in the Bai family, how can I say now I am also a section chief, I can afford to support you, wait for two years, I will make them look good ……”
Tang Hui gritted his teeth and looked viciously at Chen Ping and Tang Hongying and the girls!
He hated these relatives in front of him, to be so desperate!
But he himself had never thought about how he had ever treated these people in front of him as his relatives in the beginning with his condescending look.
“The section chief of the provincial city, what a big official, don’t you think so Pavilion Master Zhao ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhao Wuji and said.
“A small section chief, how dare you flaunt your authority like that, we don’t need such a powerful and bullying guy inside our law enforcement team.”
Zhao Wuji glanced at Tang Hui and said indifferently.
Tang Hui was stunned and took a look at Zhao Wuji, and instantly his eyes widened and his whole body was dumbfounded.
Just now, he had put all his attention on Bai Xiushan and hadn’t noticed Zhao Wouji, but only now, after fixing his eyes on him, did he see Zhao Wouji.
This is an existence comparable to that of a hand in the provincial capital, a small section chief like him is not a bird!
“Zhao …… Zhao sir …… me …… me …… me …… ……”
Tang would stammer, not even knowing what to say.
“You don’t have to say anything, I am now dismissing you from your official position as the head of the Kyoto Protector Pavilion, and as for your illegal and disorderly matters, I will send someone to continue the investigation ……”
Zhao Wuji waved his hand and said with a cold face.
At this moment, Tang Hui’s face was bloodless and he fell limp on the ground, and Tang Shili followed suit, the father and son were like dogs in mourning at the moment.
The local officials, once they heard that Zhao Wuji was actually the Lord of the Kyoto Protector Pavilion, were so scared that they dared not speak and all slunk away, fearing that they would be implicated and lose their positions later.
“Mr. Chen, let’s change the box for dinner, I have to personally make amends to Mr. Chen ……”
Bai Xiushan said as he respectfully followed Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded, looking at Tang Shili and Tang Hui who had collapsed to the ground, Chen Ping did not have an appetite.
Soon, the crowd changed to a new box, during which Bai Xiushan kept making amends with Chen Ping, which made Chen Ping’s mother and his second aunt’s family look dumbfounded.
Only Chen Baoguo, full of relief, looked at Chen Ping, he had long seen that Chen Ping was not simple …………
After two days in the Chen family village, Bai Xiushan and his family did not return to the city, but followed Chen Ping and stayed in the Chen family village for two days.
Two days later, after bidding farewell to their parents, Chen Ping and the rest of them headed towards Kyoto.
During that time, Bai Zhantang also called Sun Simiao to urge him to prepare the medicinal materials Chen Ping needed as soon as possible. Chen Ping intended to help Zhao Wuji finish his business and then go to the Medicine God Valley to practice the Black Jade Severing Ointment to help Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix recover as soon as possible.