“Xue’er, what’s going on, why are there queue jumpers?”
Lan Yingying looked towards a female cultivator not far away and asked in a stern voice!
“Sister Lan, this person is related to Elder Mu.”
That female cultivator hurriedly walked over and said.
Blue Yingying coldly said with a displeased expression, “Didn’t I say that whatever relationship there is, it has to be in accordance with the rules?”
“Have you forgotten the rules of our Guanghan Palace?”
“Sister Lan, I ……” The female cultivator lowered her head, looking somewhat aggrieved!
“Do I have to follow the rules too?”
A white-clothed male cultivator walked towards Blue Yingying with a touch of playfulness on his face.
When Chen Ping saw this male cultivator, he instantly froze, wasn’t this the same Mu Kui who was let go by that Elder Xia!
When did this fellow come to South End City?
Could it be that he was also going to the Broad Cold Palace?
After seeing Mu Kui, Lan Yingying also frowned slightly “Duke Mu, now that your behaviour has caused others to be dissatisfied, there is nothing we can do about it ……”
Obviously, Lan Yingying’s tone became much softer, and it looked like she also knew Mu Kui!
Mu Kui looked at Lan Yingying, his eyes were full of light flickering colours, the corner of his mouth lifted up and said “What do you mean, you want me to queue up?”
“Not bad!” Lan Yingying nodded!
“What if I don’t line up?” Mu Kui seemed to be provoking Lan Yingying!
“Then there’s no way to register you!”
Although Lan Yingying’s tone was calm, it was firm!
“Not registering me?” Mu Kui snorted coldly “I’d like to see if you have that ability.”
“Open your big eyes and see, what is this ……”
Only to see Mu Kui pull out a token and shake it in front of Blue Yingying, this is the very token of the Guanghan Palace!
Seeing the token, Lan Yingying stopped talking!
“This is the token that your Guanghan Palace Elder Mu personally gave me, how dare you say anything else?”
“Let me tell you, if it wasn’t for the fact that you’re an inner disciple of the Broad Cold Palace, I would have played you long ago.”
“I was personally notified by my aunt to come here, in order for me to go to the pole for a little bit of experience, otherwise I wouldn’t have been willing to come to this sh*thole of a place.”
After Mu Kui finished speaking, he put away his token and walked straight towards the reception room without queuing at all!
Mu Kui did not notice Chen Ping’s presence until he left, Chen Ping had changed his appearance and suppressed his aura, if Mu Kui did not deliberately probe, there was no way to find out!
Lan Yingying looked at Mu Kui’s back, her face reddened with anger, but she was unable to do anything about it!
The female cultivator on the other hand was furious “Sister Lan, this Mu Kui is too much, relying on his relationship with Elder Mu, he dares to talk to you like this, and this guy has hocked several of our outer sect sisters based on his status as the Mu family’s son.”
“He also said something about yin and yang reconciliation, ice and fire dual cultivation, being able to quickly increase strength, causing many of our outer sect sisters to be fooled by him, scrambling to be with him …………”
“Xue’er, shut up!” Lan Yingying did not wait for that Xue’er to finish her sentence and hurriedly glared at her!
After all, there was Chen Ping and that Shen Ji Zi, some of the scandalous things of Guang Han Palace were not convenient to talk about!
Lan Yingying took Xue’er and left without taking a glance at Chen Ping!
In Lan Yingying’s eyes, Chen Ping was nothing more than a tiny cultivator of the third rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm!
Not even qualified to enrol!
Seeing this, Shen Ji Zi also turned around and prepared to leave!
“Fellow Daoist, haven’t you forgotten something?”
Chen Ping saw that Shen Ji Zi was actually about to leave, so he opened his mouth and said!
“What have I forgotten?” Shen Ji Zi pretended to be confused and said!
“You forgot to return the money to me.”
Chen Ping reached out his hand towards Shen Ji Zi!
“What money? I didn’t take your money, don’t be bloody-minded, get out of here right now or don’t blame me for being rude to you!”
The money that Shen Ji Zi had put into his pocket, how could he be pulling it out!
What’s more, Chen Ping was only at the third rank of the Transition Realm, while he himself was at the fifth rank of the Transition Realm!
Chen Ping also had no companions, he was alone, Shen Ji Zi was going to rob him openly!