No wonder he suddenly asked about the five great clans, so it turned out that the people from the five great clans were nearby!
Patriarch Luo’s eyes were filled with killing intent as he looked towards Qi Peijia and slowly walked over!
Qi Peijia’s face became very ugly!
“You dared to kill the disciples of my five great clans, this revenge must be avenged by our five great clans!”
Patriarch Luo finished speaking and roared at the hundreds of disciples of the five great clans “Everyone stab him once, for your senior brother’s revenge ……”
“Obey ……”
Hundreds of disciples from the five great sects, each and every one of them were also filled with righteous indignation!
Qi Peijia was confused, he was bent on death, but he didn’t say that he would let hundreds of people zap him alive!
Qi Peijia was very afraid, but there was nothing he could do!
He knew the consequences of resisting would be a much worse death!
Pfft …………
A disciple of the Five Great Clans walked over and gave Qi Peijia a sword!
Immediately after that, one by one, Qi Peijia stepped forward, and Qi Peijia ended up being zapped into a puddle of rotten meat!
Qi Peijia died, but it wasn’t Chen Ping who killed him, he was pitted to death!
“Fellow Daoist, I’m really sorry, there was a misunderstanding towards you before ……”
Patriarch Luo stepped forward and said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not reply, he just looked at Hai Dafu and the others with a strong hatred in his eyes!
Chen Ping couldn’t wait to kill these guys right away!
However, right now, he was not a match for the five great clans, and with these people joining forces, Chen Ping was still unsure!
What’s more, he was here to find the Pole Stone, so the matter of revenge could only be pushed back!
However, Chen Ping had a grudge to avenge, and if he really found the right opportunity, he would not hesitate to strike!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping said, turned around and left, with Lan Yingying following behind!
“Patriarch Luo, this kid’s value, I’m afraid it’s not lower than the Immortal Fallen Land ah, this is a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Hai Da Fu stepped forward and whispered to Patriarch Luo!
“You still want to take his life to the Demon Sealing Alliance in exchange for a hundred years of offerings?”
Patriarch Luo coldly glanced at Hai Dafu!
Seeing this, Hai Dafu kept his mouth shut, while Patriarch Luo chased towards Chen Ping!
“Hmph, letting go of a large amount of resources is simply foolish.”
“It seems like we need to make an early move in order to do so, just so we can still capture this Chen Ping and go to the Demon Sealing Alliance to exchange for rewards.”
Hai Da Fu said to Patriarch Yue and Patriarch Yang!
“Yes, let’s strike first, didn’t that Patriarch Luo say that as long as we get out of the Five Great Clans’ quarters, he won’t stop us from making a move on Chen Ping.”
“Wait we are being tentative, if that Patriarch Luo really doesn’t care, we can let him live a little longer, if he blocks, then we will kill him first.”
Patriarch Yue said coldly!
“Right, just do it!” Patriarch Yang also nodded!
Only Patriarch Chen of the Celestial Star Sect had remained silent the entire time, with a very complicated expression on his face!
At this time, Chen Ping had already brought Lan Yingying back to that cave!
Bing Lu’s face was full of surprise when she saw Blue Ying Ying in that state, she thought that Chen Ping had used force on Blue Ying Ying!
“Don’t look at me like that, I didn’t do it, hurry up and find her some clothes!”
Chen Ping saw Bing Lu’s strange look and hurriedly explained!
Binglu found clothes for Blue Yingying to put on before asking “Yingying sister, what’s wrong?”
Lan Yingying lowered her head and did not speak!
In fact, having indirectly killed the two Saint Maidens, Blue Yingying was also very guilty in her heart!
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have no face to stay!
“Why are they following us?”
Chen Ping frowned, sensing the people from the five great sects, who had actually followed them!
Chen Ping had originally wanted to avoid them, but he did not want these people to follow him all the way!
Chen Ping walked out of the cave and saw Patriarch Luo walking to the entrance of the cave!
“Patriarch Luo, what are you following me for?”
Chen Ping asked in a good-natured manner.
If it wasn’t for Patriarch Luo’s help in getting himself out of the trap during the Five Great Clans, Chen Ping would have been furious at this point!