A Mahayana realm first grade cultivator was nothing more than that, but he was able to defeat himself, a Mahayana realm eighth grade cultivator, and even seriously injured himself!
This was simply too unbelievable, even the Criminal Dao Rong at the side was shocked beyond words!
Chen Ping was at the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm at that time, and being able to defeat the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm was even shocking, but now that Chen Ping had just been promoted to the Mahayana Realm, he was actually able to defeat the eighth rank of the Mahayana Realm!
This was really too outrageous, even the hundreds of soldiers around them had their eyes wide open!
They had never seen a battle where there was such a huge difference in realms and they could still win!
“Are you convinced?”
Chen Ping coldly looked at Qiu Wanha and asked!
“I’m convinced your mother, if I wasn’t injured, how could I have lost at your hands.”
Qiu Wanha roared loudly!
Although Qiu Wanha was shocked, he could not admit defeat at this time, otherwise how would the hundreds of generals look at him!
How could he still convince the people?
“Don’t say I didn’t give you a chance, I can let you go back to recuperate your injuries, and when you’ve recovered, we’ll fight.”
“I will make you kneel in front of me in a convincing manner ……”
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was instantly withdrawn, then he turned around and left!
Qiu Wanha was stunned, he did not expect Chen Ping to let him go, and so painfully!
“Mr Chen …………”
Criminal Dao Rong walked to Chen Ping’s side and shouted out with slight hesitation!
Now was the right time to get rid of that Qiu Wanha, if he let him go, he would still be a trouble in the future!
At this moment, Xing Daorong had long been convinced of Chen Ping, so his address had changed, and he no longer viewed Chen Ping as his guest secretary!
A Mahayana realm first rank could defeat a Mahayana realm eighth ranked cultivator, his future achievements would be unlimited, Xing Daorong knew that he had better hold on to Chen Ping as a big tree at this time!
“Are you afraid that I won’t be able to defeat him in the future?”
Chen Ping said with a slight smile as he looked towards Xing Daorong!
He knew that Xing Daorong must be afraid that after that Qiu Wanha had recovered from his injuries, he would not be a match for that Qiu Wanha!
However, Chen Ping knew in his own heart that although he was currently in the first rank of the Mahayana realm, he had already reached his peak state, and as long as he only had enough resources, he would be able to advance to the second rank of the Mahayana realm in no time!
As long as he reaches the realm of the second rank of the Mahayana realm, Qiu Wanha still counts for nothing, even if Qiu Wanha is in the best state, at that time is also not his opponent!
Chen Ping couldn’t possibly fight an unsure battle, he had enough confidence before letting Qiu Wanha go!
“That’s not true, it’s just ……”
Criminal Dao Rong didn’t know what to say, he was just a little worried!
“Don’t worry, even if that Qiu Wanha returns to his peak state, I can still easily decimate him!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and directly leapt down into that cave vein!
Seeing this, Xing Daorong could only sigh and look towards that Qiu Wanha, “Qiu Wanha, I’ll spare your life today, if you ever dare to hit this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, I’ll take your life!”
Qiu Wanha looked at Criminal Daorong’s arrogant appearance and could only turn red with anger, but he didn’t dare to say anything and turned around to leave with his men!
Seeing Qiu Wanha leave, Xing Daorong continued to bring people to guard the mountain top to prevent anyone from continuing to hit the idea of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, allowed Bai Cheng to bring people to mine it, and he himself found a secluded place to start cultivating!
With so many Immortal Spirit Stones, Chen Ping knew that he would definitely be able to break through to the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm!
On the other hand, Qiu Wanha, who was seriously injured, returned to Beast City with his men, and the whole man was so angry that he vomited several bowls of blood, if he wasn’t a cultivator, and was an ordinary person, he would have vomited blood and died!
“Master, many soldiers have started to secretly leave and defect to that Xing and Yan Mansions, what should we do?”
At this time, the butler asked in a low voice!
Now that both of Qiu Wanha’s sons were dead and Qiu Wanha was injured, the entire Qiu Mansion was under a cloud, so many of the commanders below were a bit scared!
Especially today, when they saw Chen Ping, a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm cultivator, beat Qiu Wanha, an Eighth Grade of the Mahayana Realm, to the point where he was spitting blood from his mouth, it shook these soldiers even more!