Just as Chen Ping was having some difficulty, a figure flashed past the window!
“Who is it?”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown and a wary look!
At this moment, Liu Ruyan pushed open the door and slowly walked in, holding a porcelain vase in her hand!
“Chen Ping, thank you for helping me so much, here are some high grade pills from within our Jade Tripod Sect’s warehouse that can help with cultivation, I’ve brought them over to you as a thank you!”
Liu Ruyan put the porcelain bottle on the table and said in a small voice!
“Many thanks Miss Liu!” Chen Ping didn’t push back, some pills from that Jade Tripod Sect, this was still possible!
But since he had taken someone’s pills, Chen Ping had made up his mind that the Pill Pond could not be ruined for the Jade Tripod Sect, so he could only give up the idea of going to the Pill Pond again to improve his strength!
After handing over the pills to Chen Ping, Liu Ruyan did not leave, but sat down at the table and stared at Chen Ping in awe!
At this moment, Liu Ruyan was dressed in a red dress, and under the light, her delicate figure was hidden, even her underwear inside was faintly visible!
“Miss Liu, if there’s nothing else, I’m going to rest.”
Looking at Liu Ruyan’s appearance, Chen Ping had no choice but to give an expulsion order!
“Chen Ping, don’t you have any feelings for me at all?”
“Although you have many women around you, but they are not able to serve you now, ah, I can, as long as you ask, I can do anything.”
“I am now the Patriarch of the Jade Tripod Sect, this status to accompany you will not make you feel degraded, right?”
Liu Ruyan threw away her shyness and boldly asked Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, he hurriedly shook his head and said “Don’t always have such thoughts, I have helped you, but I have also received benefits from the Jade Tripod Sect, we don’t owe each other anything, so you don’t need to feel too guilty!”
“I’m really tired, I need to rest ……”
Chen Ping once again gave his expulsion order, he wouldn’t do anything to Liu Ruyan, because Chen Ping knew that although Liu Ruyan had some good feelings for him, she definitely didn’t have love!
The reason why Liu Ruyan offered herself was definitely because she wanted to keep Chen Ping with tenderness!
This kind of attempted dedication, Chen Ping would not feel anything!
Seeing that Chen Ping was so determined and had driven himself away, Liu Ruyan gritted her teeth and secretly pulled out the Huanhuan San from her body given by the Third Elder!
When Liu Ruyan opened the porcelain bottle of Hopeful Pill, a faint aroma instantly hit her nose!
Liu Ruyan looked at Chen Ping quietly, she wanted to see what change Chen Ping had!
But Chen Ping was sitting quietly, not changing in the slightest!
When Liu Ruyan had just opened the Huanhuan San, Chen Ping had noticed it, but Chen Ping did not care, his body was invulnerable to all kinds of poisons, a small amount of Huanhuan San could not shake Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t feel anything, but when Liu Ruyan smelled the Huanhuan San, her whole face turned red, her eyes were like silk, and her gaze towards Chen Ping became flirtatious!
“Chen Ping, I’m so hot, please help me ……”
Liu Ruyan suddenly took off her dress and pounced directly towards Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping looked at Liu Ruyan’s white jade body as it pounced over, and hurriedly reached out to catch it, not letting Liu Ruyan fall!
“Chen Ping, hurry up, hurry up ……”
Liu Ruyan was a little confused and desperately tore at Chen Ping’s clothes!
“Knock knock ……”
But at that moment, there was a sudden knock on Chen Ping’s room door!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping looked at the already frantic Liu Ruyan and could only slap Liu Ruyan on the neck, causing her to pass out!
After hurriedly dressing Liu Ruyan and making her lie on the table, Chen Ping then got up and opened the door!
“Nie Heng? It’s so late, what can I do for you?”
Chen Ping opened the door and was a little surprised to find it was Nie Heng!!!