Looking at then Guardian Pavilion team member’s eyes, Chen Ping suddenly seemed to know what he was talking about, and then looked at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er who still had a satisfied face, hurriedly shouted towards then Guardian Pavilion team member, “Hey, it’s not what you think, it’s not what you think …… ”
That Dharma Protecting Pavilion member, however, had long since disappeared.
“How can you two talk nonsense!”
Chen Ping had a big headache, he only now reacted that what Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er had just said was too easy to misunderstand to other people’s ears, no wonder that Dharma Protection Pavilion member had just said those things to him.
“What did we say nonsense?”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er also looked at Chen Ping with a dumbfounded expression.
“Hey, let’s not talk about it, Pavilion Master Zhao is looking for me for something, I’ll go over there ……”
Chen Ping sighed and turned around to go find Zhao Wuji.
He knew that these guys from the Protector Pavilion were definitely going to talk about him behind his back ……
“Ling’er, what did we say?”
Su Yuqi watched as Chen Ping walked away, still not reacting.
“Didn’t say what kind, it seems like we just said that we were comfortable last night, we didn’t say anything either!”
Gu Ling’er couldn’t figure it out either.
But soon the two of them froze, followed by their faces turning red all of a sudden.
The two of them had stayed in the room with Chen Ping all night, alone together, what could they do?
And the two of them were even in front of others, saying that they were comfortable last night, which was definitely going to make people misunderstand, who would have thought that they were cultivating last night.
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er both shyly ran back to their rooms by themselves, and probably didn’t dare to come out to meet people.
Chen Ping went to the hall of the Guardian Pavilion and found Zhao Wuji waiting for him, and beside Zhao Wuji sat another person, none other than Zhu Zhishan, the alliance leader of the Kyoto Martial Alliance.
Seeing that Zhu Zhishan was also there, Chen Ping knew that he must have come because of the trial, after all, the trial was organised by the Martial Dao Alliance, and since he had beaten up Guo Wei and nearly disfigured Long Xiao, there was no way that Zhu Zhishan, who was the Alliance Master, would not come looking for him.
“Mr. Chen, Alliance Master Zhu said that he was looking for you to talk about something ……”
Seeing Chen Ping coming, Zhao Wuji hurriedly got up and said.
“Alliance Master Zhu ……”
Chen Ping nodded towards Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan sat in his chair and only slightly foreheaded his head as a greeting in return.
As Chen Ping looked at Zhu Zhishan’s condescending look, his heart burst into flames as he casually grabbed a chair and sat down.
The actions of these people from the Kyoto Martial Arts Union had long disgraced Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, as an instructor of the Guardian Pavilion, it is your honour to be given a chance to try out, you should be treasured by all, but I never thought that you would break the rules, not only did you kill people from the Xuan Yuan family and the Thunderbolt Sect, you also beat up Long Xiao and Guo Wei, are you not putting our Martial Arts Alliance in your eyes?”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping, his obsidian-like eyes emitting an icy and harsh light, giving people an endless sense of oppression.
Only Chen Ping did not care, and the corner of his mouth lifted slightly: “Does your Martial Dao Alliance still have the face to say the word “rules”? This trial you have favoured the Dragon Family and connived at other sects and families to find me in trouble, so it is only right that I beat them up!”
“Hmph, at such a young age, so rampant!”
Zhu Zhishan snorted coldly, followed by slapping his palm on the table, and the icy aura from his body pressed directly towards Chen Ping.
Clattering …………
Chen Ping felt a huge mountain pressing down on him, and the chair beneath him immediately became shattered.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and carried this breath with a deadly grip, cold sweat instantly flowing from his forehead.
Zhu Zhishan’s strength was still above that Guo Wei, and Chen Ping’s current strength was not enough to resist Zhu Zhishan.
“Lord Zhu, have a good word, if you openly make a move against Mr. Chen in the Dharma Protection Pavilion like this, if I report to Mr. Shi, you won’t be able to give an account, right?”
Seeing that Chen Ping was going to be unable to carry the load, Zhao Wuji hurriedly threatened Zhu Zhishan.