Poof!
The sharp blade ruthlessly pierced into Chen Ping’s chest, blood spurted out, and the intense pain caused Chen Ping to look hideous!
“Ahh …………”
Chen Ping roared in anger, suddenly bursting out with a burst of power, directly shaking Long Xiao out of the way.
Looking down at his wound, Chen Ping directly nodded a few times, and the blood was instantly stopped.
Gritting his teeth to death, Chen Ping braced himself, his eyes staring angrily at Long Xiao!
“Hurry up and kill him, I don’t know how long this formation can trap him ……”
The old voice sharply reminded Long Xiao!
This Chen Ping was still able to explode with such a strong in power under his rage, so that spirit was worried that his formation would be broken very quickly.
At that time, it would be a fool’s errand if he wanted Long Xiao to kill Chen Ping.
Long Xiao wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and looked at Chen Ping coldly, “Chen Ping, you don’t need to struggle in a death struggle, it’s useless ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, his body steeply headed towards Chen Ping, his speed was as fast as it could be.
In the blink of an eye, he arrived in front of Chen Ping.
At this moment, Chen Ping was simply too late to react.
Only to see Long Xiao holding a sharp blade with a flashing light in his hand, this time aimed at the same place, or Chen Ping’s chest.
Chen Ping grabbed it with both hands, knowing that he could not stop Long Xiao now, but he still instinctively grabbed it with both hands.
Chen Ping’s hands instantly grabbed Long Xiao’s sharp blade, and he wanted to snatch it out of his hand.
But Long Xiao was incredibly fast, and just as Chen Ping grabbed the blade with both hands, the blade sliced through Chen Ping’s hands and stabbed tightly into Chen Ping’s chest!
In one fell swoop, it pierced through Chen Ping’s chest, blood flowing out continuously, while Chen Ping’s hands were also a bloody mess!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, aren’t you incredibly strong in the flesh? How come you’ve become a lamb to be left in this moment?”
Long Xiao laughed out loud as he watched Chen Ping get seriously injured.
Long Xiao pulled the sharp blade out of Chen Ping’s body, and then kicked Chen Ping to the ground.
Chen Ping climbed up with difficulty, his body trembling slightly as the cause within his body slowly began to flicker with light, repairing his injured body.
Chen Ping’s spiritual energy, on the other hand, was all hitting up, constantly pounding on the formation that the spirit had laid within itself!
“Duke Long, that Chen Ping is not that easy to kill, right now, even if you stabbed him a thousand times, that Chen Ping would not die ……”
Zhu Zhishan warned at Long Xiao.
Only, Zhu Zhishan did not follow Long Xiao to explain that that Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator.
“Since he can’t be stabbed to death, then let him taste the rest ……”
Long Xiao coldly snorted, followed by a great light on his body, as his body slowly levitated into mid-air.
The black light around his body instantly transformed into a bolt of lightning that struck directly towards Chen Ping!
“Let him have a taste of this lightning tribulation ……”
The corner of Long Xiao’s mouth raised!
Boom boom boom …………
A black lightning bolt continuously bombarded Chen Ping’s body, exploding in an instant.
Terrifying waves of Qi swept through the area, and the people around hurriedly retreated in all directions!
Each bolt of lightning struck down with terrifying force, instantly splitting Chen Ping’s body to emit the smell of paste and char!
The entire Dragon Lock Island began to fill with this smell, and many people began to cover their mouths and noses!
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan’s eyes narrowed slightly and said, “This time, even if Chen Ping had great skills, he would not be able to live, and he would probably not even be able to see Chen Ping’s corpse later!”
Dozens of lightning bolts struck the ground, leaving a crater of tens of meters in diameter, and smoke and dust everywhere!
As the smoke and dust cleared, the crowd hurriedly ran to the edge of the crater to see if Chen Ping had been blown to smithereens!