Everyone waited in silence, no one said a word or knew what they were waiting for, but just waited ……
And at the foot of Mount Akina, several modified off-road vehicles were making a huge roar!
With a whistle blown, several racing cars went crazy!
Mount Akina is all winding mountain roads, but these racing cars didn’t slow down, but kept on starting to drift through the corners!
A young man with dyed yellow hair was in the lead!
Through the rear-view mirror, he saw the car that he had left far behind, and the yellow hair laughed.
Brush ……
But at that moment, Yellow Hair only felt a blur before his eyes, followed by a figure pa*sing by his car!
The car was so scared that he almost didn’t drive into a cliff!
With a shocked face, Huang Mao rubbed his eyes hard, and his eyes were filled with horror!
Because he could see clearly that it was a person.
A man running faster than his racing car?
But just when Yellow Hair wanted to see who it was clearly, he found that the person had already run far away ……
And at the same time, Shimazu Kurono inside Shimazu Shrine snapped open his eyes.
“Here it comes ……”
Shimazawa Kurono slowly stood up and walked outside, while the ten masters of the arts followed close behind!
As Shimazawa Kurono walked out of the shrine, he noticed that a figure had slowly made its way to the top of the hill and stood in front of him!
This man was dressed in a dry sporting suit, aged only rather more than a few years, and his calm face showed no expression!
He looked like a morning jogger!
But Kurono Shimazoe felt a great threat from this man!
And this man was Chen Ping!
Facing the hundreds of samurai already gathered in the square, Chen Ping walked towards Shimazakueno as if he were walking, feeling the rising sunlight on him!
The eyes of hundreds of warriors were all focused on Chen Ping alone!
Just as Chen Ping took a few steps forward, dozens of samurai drew their swords and instantly surrounded Chen Ping, each of them with cold eyes and strong hands, the swords in their hands emitting a chill under the sunlight!
The strength of these samurai was comparable to that of a great martial sect, and such a person could become a hegemon in any place in the secular world!
But now dozens of warriors who were comparable to Great Martial Sects were surrounding Chen Ping, but Chen Ping’s face did not show a trace of emotion!
Because in his eyes, these people were like ants!
Even worse than a mole ……
“Who are you? What are you doing here at Shimazu Shrine?”
Shimazawa Kurono questioned loudly at Chen Ping.
“To kill ……” Chen Ping spat out two words indifferently!
Shimazu Genno frowned, “Did you destroy the Chizuru Shrine.”
Chen Ping nodded, “Not bad, if you don’t want to be exterminated, then push down the statue and replace it with mine and worship me as a god, in that case, I won’t slaughter my own followers ……”
“Unbridled ……”
Shimazu Xuan Ye shouted angrily, knowing that the god worshipped was the old ancestor of his Shimazu family, how could it be replaced with Chen Ping.
“Since you do not agree, you will have to die ……”
Chen Ping finished, all but ignoring those warriors around him, and continued to walk forward!
“Do it ……”
Seeing this, Shimazaki Kurono gave an order!
Dozens of samurai saw this, and with a loud shout, followed by the katana in their hands slashed towards Chen Ping in the air!
Dozens of samurai swords formed a cold aura in the air, and these cold aura wrapped around Chen Ping instantly!
But Chen Ping turned a blind eye to it and still walked forward!
Clang clang clang …………
Chen Ping didn’t dodge, didn’t even resist, and let those katanas slash at him!
Even if Chen Ping did not activate his invulnerable golden body, his strong physical body would not be able to break through these samurai!