After Tibetan Qing saw this large net, his body exploded back with a disdainful expression, “Xing Jun, don’t you dare to fight me in single combat? How dare you use this heavenly net to catch me?”
“I am an enforcer, what is there to fight you, an evil cultivator, in a single battle, my mission is to capture you back!”
The rings of light on Xing Jun’s body flew towards Zang Qing, ring by ring.
A ring of light la*soed around that Zang Qing’s body.
“In that case, then I won’t play with you ……”
Tibetan Qing’s body contracted violently and escaped from that ring of light, followed by his body leaping up and fleeing towards the wall.
But just as Zang Qing’s figure leapt up, a figure suddenly appeared in front of him.
The next kick hit him hard.
His body instantly plunged towards the ground and crashed into a huge crater.
Tibetan Qing stared at the figure that suddenly appeared, his eyes faintly staring.
“Chen Ping?”
A hint of gravity flashed across Zang Qing’s face when he saw the incoming person clearly.
If he were to deal with Xing Jun and Chen Ping at the same time, then he was definitely no match.
“Wife …………”
“Son …………”
Jin Fusheng entered the courtyard and cried out in pain after looking at the courtyard full of corpses and the miserable state of his loved ones.
Jin Fusheng held the bodies of his wife and child in his arms and cried out to the heavens!
And Chen Ping’s face was gloomy to the extreme, and the murderous aura from his body instantly enveloped the entire Jin family.
And at this moment, Xing Jun looked at the suddenly appearing Chen Ping with a somewhat complicated expression on his face.
He still remembered the first time he saw Chen Ping, when he was still an insignificant fellow in his eyes.
If not for Long Wu saving Chen Ping, Chen Ping would have been killed long ago.
But then he looked at the Chen Ping of today, in just a few months.
Chen Ping’s strength had grown to the point that he took it seriously.
Jin Fusheng cried out in pain, his entire being as if he had gone mad.
“Zang Qing, I’ll kill you ……”
Jin Fusheng suddenly rushed towards Zang Qing.
At this moment, Jin Fusheng had long since lost his fear, his only thought was to avenge his loved ones.
“Don’t ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly tried to step in to stop Jin Fusheng.
But it was already too late, Jin Fusheng rushed in front of Zang Qing and before he could strike, he was slapped on the head by Zang Qing, instantly smashing his head to pieces!
Seeing this, Chen Ping clenched his fists tightly and his teeth clenched.
“Zang Qing, you are too reckless, how dare you strike and hurt someone in front of me, if I don’t take you back today, I don’t deserve to be a captain!”
Xing Jun was furious, his body flashed with silver light, followed by a silver whip drawn from his waist.
But just as Xing Jun was about to attack towards Zang Qing, he was stopped by Chen Ping reaching out his hand.
“What are you doing?”
Xing Jun frowned and questioned at Chen Ping.
“He is mine, none of you can kill him ……”
Chen Ping’s gaze was cold, and he said coldly.
“How dare you, this Zang Qing is an evil cultivator, I have been ordered by Mr. Shi to capture him.”
Xing Jun did not expect Chen Ping to dare to speak after himself like this.
Chen Ping’s eyes erupted with a cold aura, “I said that only I can kill him, if anyone dares to do so, don’t blame me for being ungracious ……”
The killing intent on Chen Ping’s body was rising and his eyes began to turn scarlet!
It was as if he was possessed by a demon, and he did not recognize his six relatives!
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Xing Jun was stunned for a moment, but still retreated.
And when that Zang Qing saw this, his face immediately showed his complacency!
If he fought alone, he was not afraid of any of the people here.
“Today I will kill you to avenge the dozens of mouths of the Jin family ……”
Chen Ping looked towards Zang Qing and said in an indifferent voice.
“Hmph, just because of you ……”
When Zang Qing finished speaking, the aura on his body exploded out abruptly.
Immediately afterwards it was as if a gale was sweeping, and the tiles on the roof kept tumbling and flying.