In a short span of ten minutes, not many of the Soul Demon Sect’s disciples were able to stand, and the others all collapsed on the ground, groaning in pain!
When Patriarch Jiang saw this, he was panting heavily, his heart in agony!
The intense exertion made it difficult for Patriarch Jiang to gather a terrifying strike at this moment, in addition to so many disciples being injured, Patriarch Jiang’s heart was burning with anxiety!
Puff!
A mouthful of blood spurted out, and the aura on Patriarch Jiang’s body instantly declined!
“Father ……”
“Father-in-law ……”
Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian rushed over and assisted Patriarch Jiang!
At this moment, Patriarch Jiang’s entire body’s breath became weak, and his face was covered in wrinkles, as if he had aged a lot!
The rapid fire, coupled with the rapid consumption, made Patriarch Jiang’s body unable to withstand it, and he directly collapsed.
Di Chongjing, who was watching this scene, couldn’t be more pleased!
“Senior brother, you’re too much of a rookie, I didn’t even fight back, why can’t you?”
“If you don’t kill me, then I can make a move on your daughter, there are so many people under me, they haven’t tasted dual cultivation yet.”
Di Chongjing deliberately stimulated Patriarch Jiang.
“You ……”
Puff ……
Another mouthful of blood sprayed out from Patriarch Jiang, his breath becoming even weaker.
“Hahaha…………” Di Chongjing laughed madly at the sight!
“I rely on your grandma …………”
Ochre Yan was furious, Jiang Yulian was his woman, Di Chongjing dared to humiliate her like this, as a man, how could he not be anxious!
Only to see Ochre Yan’s whole body erupted with flames, the whole person was like a fireman.
The sky was flooded with red flames, followed by Ochre Yan charging towards Di Chong Jing in a desperate manner!
Ochre Yan was trying to use his body as a weapon and directly follow Di Chong Jing to his death!
After Di Chong Jing slightly froze, he then laughed coldly, “With your kind of strength, even if you explode yourself, you will never be able to hurt me in the slightest, in my eyes, you are nothing more than a mole cricket.”
Only to see Di Chong Jing wave his big hand, a blood mist spread out, instantly wrapping Ochre Yan!
The flames on Ochre Amazing’s body instantly extinguished, and then as if he had run into a wall, his entire body flew backwards and fell heavily at Jiang Yulian’s feet!
“Ochre Amazing ……” Jiang Yulian wanted to help this up, but tried several times without success.
Ochre Yan was injured, and it was heavy.
After all, that Di Chongjing was an expert of the Mahayana realm, it would be easy to deal with Ochre Yan!
“Yulian, I’m sorry, I’m not capable of protecting you ……”
Ochre Yan was filled with guilt!
As a man, not having the ability to protect his woman was the most incompetent sign of all!
“Don’t say it, don’t say it, if the heavens really want us to die, then we will die together.”
Jiang Yulian said with tears in her eyes.
“Great niece, I won’t stop you if you want to die, but you must let these men of mine finish being comfortable before you die.”
Di Chongjing finished, made a wink towards his men and said, “You guys go, don’t grab, line up one by one ……”
“Many thanks Sect Master!”
A few guys from the Blood and Bone Sect’s eyes glistened, then headed towards Jiang Yulian.
“Di Chongjing, you beast, if there’s anything, you come towards me alone, I’ll carry it alone, don’t you lay your hands on my daughter.”
Patriarch Jiang hissed, but his body couldn’t move at all.
Ochre Yan’s eyes were also spitting fire, but there was simply nothing he could do.
Jiang Yulian grabbed a longsword in her hand and looked at the several guys from the Blood and Bone Sect whose eyes were glowing with determination.
Even if she died, she couldn’t let these few guys from the Blood and Bone Sect have their way.
“Little girl, don’t think about in resisting, be good and obedient, close your eyes and it will soon pass.”
“A few of us promise to be gentle with you, not to mention that you are not a yellow-bloomed girl anymore, so don’t pretend to be some kind of loyal and chaste girl.”
“If you serve us well, we can beg the Sect Master to release you.”
A few guys from the Blood and Bone Sect persuaded Jiang Yulian.