At this moment, Lin Ke Ting was a bit torn, because the development of the Divine and Demonic Battlefield was no longer going according to what was envisaged in advance.
This sudden appearance of the thunder beast, and the demonic cultivator who had left behind a wisp of his residual soul.
She didn’t know how much more unknown there would be behind her!
If one walked on, there would definitely be dangers present!
But if she didn’t walk and just turned back, Lin Keting didn’t know how to speak, after all, these people behind her were following her.
“Master, I’m really going to be killed by you, didn’t you say that you had paved the way for me a long time ago?”
Lin Keting inwardly cursed her master.
However, at this moment, she couldn’t show too much panic and could only pretend to be calm, “Fellow Daoists, continuing on ahead will definitely be very treacherous, so if you all don’t want to continue to take the risk, then we can return the same way.”
Lin Keting wanted the crowd to make up their minds and say the words that they were not risking their lives, so that she could follow along and go back.
The crowd was silent.
Originally, they thought it was a relic, but they didn’t expect it to be a divine and demonic battlefield!
What kind of danger level was ahead, no one knew!
And there was also a demonic cultivator with a wisp of residual soul in front, it was obvious that that demonic cultivator was a strong person, even if it was a wisp of residual soul, it was not known if they could deal with it!
But not to go, perhaps there are still numerous treasures waiting for them in front!
After all, the front is a broken bone cliff, full of skeletons, these skeletons are basically all the gods and devils war period war dead immortal devil!
Who does not have a few pieces of magic weapons in the hands of these immortals and devils ah!
People are dead, those magic weapons and magic treasures must have been left behind in the battlefield of gods and devils.
The crowd was torn at this moment, neither leaving nor returning ……
“Ji Yun, Miss Zhu, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping saw through that Lin Ke Ting’s mind, so he called out to Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu, and the few of them walked forward alone!
“Such a divine and demonic battlefield, there must be countless divine weapons and treasures in front of us ah, I don’t know if the storage bag I brought is enough.”
“As the saying goes, propping up the bold and starving the timid, I would rather be propped up than starved to death ah ……”
Chen Ping said in a loud voice as he walked!
“Fellow Daoist, take me along, at the very least I still have some strength, and my strength has not been suppressed.”
When the Thunder Beast saw Chen Ping continue forward, it immediately chased after him and said!
The Thunder Beast had been here for many years and had not dared to go forwards for fear of encountering any danger!
Now that Chen Ping was accompanying him, it was much more reassuring, after all, Chen Ping still had the Fire Qilin and the Heaven Swallowing Beast in his hands!
After all, Chen Ping still has the Fire Qilin and the Heaven Swallowing Beast in his hands!
Seeing that the Thunder Beast was also going to follow Chen Ping as he continued on his way, the crowd that was still hesitating immediately chased after him!
“Fellow Daoist, wait, we’ll also join you ……”
“Yes, we’re together, even if we die, we can’t give up this opportunity.”
“Put up a fight, we’re already here anyway.”
The crowd of cultivators caught up with Chen Ping and wanted to follow him!
At this moment, only Lin Keting was left standing alone, looking at Chen Ping and their backs with a dumbfounded expression!
At this moment, she wanted to open her mouth and curse Chen Ping, what was the point of showing off at this time!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, perhaps the crowd would have returned the way they came.
In fact, at this moment, Chen Ping was also secretly sizing up Lin Keting!
What Chen Ping wanted most was for Lin Keting to follow, after all, Lin Keting had the almighty rune in her hand.
Moreover, Lin Keting was also familiar with this place and was able to help to a certain extent!
As for the cultivators, they had suppressed their strength and turned into ordinary people, following them was of no use at all!
Seeing that Lin Keting did not move for a long time, Chen Ping was also a little anxious inside!
“Wait for me, since everyone is willing to continue forwards, then I will also follow along!”
Lin Keting finally clenched her teeth and chased after them towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly and smiled!