“What are you doing?”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace asked with some bewilderment!
“Isn’t it to double cultivate with them and help your Guanghan Palace disciples to enhance their strength? Double cultivation doesn’t come at night, does it still come during the day, how embarrassing!”
Chen Ping said, unexpectedly blushing a little!
Guanghan Palace Palace Master slightly froze for a moment, then laughed “Mr Chen, where do you think, what I said about double cultivation, is not the yin and yang reconciliation, so that you and they …… with them that.”
“It’s using your supreme fire to follow the extreme cold breath of my palace disciples to intertwine and fuse with each other, so that the extreme cold qi in their bodies will become even more impervious to flames.”
“Could it be that Mr Chen is still thinking of sleeping with all the disciples in my palace? Mr Chen has so many women already, doesn’t he still not know enough?”
The face of the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was filled with playfulness, and said Chen Ping was embarrassed and ashamed!
“I misunderstood, misunderstood ……”
Chen Ping panicked and explained!
Seeing Chen Ping’s embarrassed look, the Broad Cold Palace Master giggled “Mr Chen, I’m just joking with you, if you fancy any of my disciples within the palace, you only need to say so, and I’ll let her accompany you at night.”
“But you just went through a bitter battle, the various breaths in your body haven’t recovered yet, you should recover for a few days first, the Polar Journey is in three days.”
“No, no, I’ll just rest well on my own!”
Chen Ping panicked and waved his hand, he had just gotten rid of the woman and rested during this period of time, he didn’t want to suffer any more!
Some time ago, Chen Ping was not spared by Bai Shallow in order to protect himself, and he could not rest every night!
Now it’s hard to get some rest, what kind of women are you looking for?
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace sent someone to prepare a room for Chen Ping to rest!
While Chen Ping walked back, the Palace Master of Guang Han Palace walked through the main hall and then came to the back of Guang Han Palace!
There was a modest hall here with lights flickering inside!
Upon entering, two Broad Cold Palace disciples stood on either side, and when they saw that the Palace Master had arrived, they hurriedly saluted!
The Palace Master waved his hand and let the two go out, then with a wave of his hand, a wall in front of him unexpectedly slowly disappeared!
Then a table was seen with numerous spirit tablets placed on it!
And in front of these tablets, there was a Heavenly Demon Stone.
These spirit tablets all belonged to the previous Palace Masters and Elders of the Guanghan Palace.
And as the Holy Maiden of the Guanghan Palace, she was the successor of the next Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace, but she didn’t want the Guanghan Palace to be massacred, almost slaughtered to death!
“Elders, if you still have your divine souls alive, I hope you can find this place and we can rebuild the Guanghan Palace together.”
“There are Heavenly Demon Stones here, as long as your divine souls return to their place, you can use the Heavenly Demon Stones to remake your physical bodies and be reborn.”
The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace reverently worshipped in front of these spirit seats!
She knew that if her own soul could escape, then it was possible for other people’s souls to escape as well, and as long as she left behind a trace of her soul, she would be able to remake her flesh and be reborn directly!
The Blood Demon had left all these Heavenly Demon Stones in the Guanghan Palace, also hoping that it would allow those who had been slaughtered in the past in the Guanghan Palace to be reborn!
There was no one who was right or wrong in the killings in the past, it was more like a conspiracy.
And these people of the Celestial Realm, it was as if they were all pawns, perhaps the entire Celestial Realm was nothing more than a pawn!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace stood dumbfounded in front of the spirit seat, a confused look in her eyes!
At this moment, she probably really hoped that some of her ancestors’ souls would return to their places, in that case, she would be able to relax a bit!
Supporting the Broad Cold Palace alone was very stressful for her!
This night, the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace stayed in front of the spirit seat for the entire night!
And the Mu Family, which was thousands of miles away, also received the news of Mu Kui’s decapitation at this moment!
Although this guy Mu Kui had been acting recklessly and had often used the souls of the Inferno Demon lineage to enhance his strength!
But he was ultimately the eldest young master of the Mu Family.