At this moment, the door to the Imperial Hall was pushed open and Lin Tianhu walked in with a bottle of good wine!
When the crowd saw that it was Lin Tianhu who came in, they were all slightly stunned, after all, these people knew by heart what Lin Tianhu did!
Ling Zhenchuan was a fair and honest man, and he didn’t like to deal with people like Lin Tianhu in the past.
But this time, it was indeed Ling Zhenchuan who personally sent the word to invite Lin Tianhu here.
“Mayor Ling, all the leaders have visited my small shop, today’s consumption is all on me!”
Lin Tianhu smiled as he opened the wine!
He had been in society for many years, and he knew how to treat guests, but he didn’t understand why Ling Zhenchuan had suddenly sent someone to bring him here!
“Lin Tianhu, I didn’t call you here to treat you, sit down and talk!”
Ling Zhenchuan waved his hand towards Lin Tianhu!
Lin Tianhu sat directly next to Ling Zhenchuan, which made the other few people all look confused!
No one could understand what was wrong with Ling Zhenchuan today!
“Mayor Ling, if you have any orders, just say so!”
After Lin Tianhu sat down, he said to Ling Zhenchuan with a respectful face.
“I came to your place for dinner today and sent someone to bring you here, because I want to make an appointment with Mr. Chen through you, so that I can thank him in person!”
Ling Zhenchuan said politely.
As soon as Lin Tianhu heard this, he immediately understood what was going on, it turned out that Ling Zhenchuan had come here for yesterday’s matter.
“What a coincidence that Mayor Ling has come, Mr. Chen is also treating guests here today, he is downstairs!”
Lin Tianhu said.
“Is that so?” Ling Zhenchuan’s face was pleased, “Then I’ll have to go and toast Mr. Chen!”
Ling Zhenchuan said, picking up his gla*s of wine and heading out the door!
When several other people saw Ling Zhenchuan like this, they were all stunned, they really couldn’t imagine what kind of big shot had come to Hongcheng that made even Ling Zhenchuan so respectful, and even went to toast in person!
But Ling Zhenchuan’s toast was definitely not low status, and these people also wanted to climb up the ladder, so they all followed and lifted their cups, ready to go together!
But just as they were about to make a toast, the door of the box was suddenly pushed open and the Chen Baoqiang family walked in!
Seeing several people suddenly barge in, Ling Zhenchuan was stunned and said with a slight frown, “Who are you people?”
“Mayor Ling, my name is Chen Baoqiang, the director of the Health Bureau’s office, I know that Mayor Ling is dining here, so I came over to toast Mayor Ling!”
Chen Baoqiang said, pointing to the people behind him, “These are my family members, all wanting to get a glimpse of Mayor Ling!”
Chen Baoqiang looked so nervous that his hand holding the wine gla*s was trembling slightly!
And Chen Zhi and a few others, Li Shuzhen, were all full of excitement, looking straight at Ling Zhenchuan!
Ling Zhenchuan’s face was furious and his eyes looked towards Li Weijian, “Old Li, what’s going on here?”
After all, Lin Tianhu’s reputation was not good, so when Ling Zhenchuan came here to drink, he was afraid that it wouldn’t affect him too much, so he just called a few random people and didn’t inform anyone else!
Now that the Chen Baoqiang family is here, they obviously got the news in advance, this Li Weijian is the director of the Health Bureau, Chen Baoqiang is his subordinate, so it must be this Li Weijian who leaked the news!
When Li Weijian saw that Ling Zhenchuan was angry, he trembled in fear and gave his son Li Lei a fierce glare before explaining, “Mayor Ling, I just informed my son and told him that I was not going home for lunch and had come to the Tian Yuan Restaurant, but I didn’t expect him to be here, and he even brought someone to toast!”
Li Weijian pushed himself out of the way, at this time he wouldn’t dare a*sume the responsibility of He, even if it was his own son, he wouldn’t bear the burden for him, this was a matter that concerned his career!
“Your son?” Ling Zhenchuan frowned: “You’re not saying that this Chen Baoqiang is your son, are you?”