Protector’s Court!
Dong Jiahao personally drove up to pick up Chen Ping.
Upon seeing Chen Ping, Dong Jiahao gave Chen Ping a big hug.
“Brother Chen, you’re too awesome, you even killed the Sky Destruction Sect’s Sect Master Zang Qing, from now on, the entire Kyoto martial arts world will have you as the leader of the younger generation.”
Dong Jiahao’s eyes were filled with envy.
“Brother Dong has over-appreciated you!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “I wonder if Brother Dong wants to see me for something urgent?”
“Oh, it’s nothing urgent, it’s just that my father wants to meet you, and also during this period of time, many sects and families in Kyoto are eyeing you, so my father wants you to come and hide in our family.”
Dong Jiahao said.
“You can thank the Dong family head for me, as the saying goes, you can hide for a while, but you can’t hide for a lifetime, what’s coming will still come.”
Chen Ping did not want to go to the Dong family to hide, he planned to make a trip to the Pill God Valley to see Long Wu and the others, and by the way, he would ask Long Wu to take him on a trip to the Valley of the Evil Ones.
Now that the New Year was approaching, if Chen Ping could not save his mother and Su Yuqi by himself, he would have to use the power of the Vicious Valley.
It was just that he didn’t know right now how strong the Valley of the Wicked was.
“My father has already prepared wine and food at home, if you don’t want to stay at our house, it’s always fine to go over for a meal, right?”
“This way, it will prove that you have a good relationship following our Dong family, and if there are other sects and families hitting on you, they will have to weigh up the strength of my Dong family.”
Dong Jiahao said invitingly to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping saw that Dong Jiahao had said so, so he could not refuse, after all, it would not take long to have a meal.
After getting into the car, Chen Ping followed Dong Jiahao towards the Dong family.
When he arrived at the place, Dong Liqun unexpectedly came out to greet him personally!
“Hahahaha, I’ve heard Jiahao mention you for a long time, but when I see you today, your name is really true, Mr. Chen is now a big name!”
Dong Liqun politely followed Chen Ping and shook his hand.
“The Dong family master has over-appreciated ……”
Chen Ping said with a smile.
Soon, several people were seated and the table was filled with mountains of food and seafood.
“Mr. Chen, when you arrive here, it’s like you’re at home, you mustn’t be polite.”
“I’m relieved that our family Howe can have a friend like you.”
“This guy has fun all day, he doesn’t practice at all, the entire young generation of the Kyoto martial arts community is better than him!”
Dong Liqun said, giving Dong Jiahao a somewhat helpless look.
“Dad, why are you talking about me all day, I think I’m working quite hard myself.”
“How many young people are there who can be as talented as Brother Chen and make a name for themselves at such a young age!”
Dong Jiahao looked at his father with dissatisfaction.
“Look, say a word about you and you’re not happy about it!”
Dong Liqun gave a fierce glare.
“Dong family head, in fact, brother Dong is very good, moreover, brother Dong is straightforward and has no harmful intentions, with such a character, he will definitely not be bad in the future ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly helped Dong Jiahao to say something good.
Just as Chen Ping said the words harmful heart, no one noticed that a hint of embarra*sment flashed across Dong Liqun’s eyes.
“It is because he is straightforward and quick to speak that I am afraid that he will suffer in the future, and I hope that Mr. Chen will give him more help in the future!”
Dong Liqun said with a smile on his face.
“Brother Dong and I are friends, help is of course!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“Housekeeper, go and bring my treasured pu-erh tea ……”
Dong Liqun glanced at the butler and gave a wink towards him.
“Yes!”
The butler turned and left.
“Brother Chen, you are blessed, my father’s pu-erh tea is a special offer, I don’t even get to drink it, so I’ll have to take advantage of you today.”
Dong Jiahao said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Master Dong Family is really too polite.”
Chen Ping did not have the slightest doubt about Dong Liqun’s enthusiasm.
After all, Dong Jiahao was a person, Chen Ping saw it all in his eyes, so he thought that Dong Liqun, who was his father, would not be any worse.