Chen Ping returned to the Dead Sea, because he knew that in order to take revenge on Ning Zhi and the others, the Dead Sea was the best option, if on the continent, against Ning Zhi and these dozen of demonic cultivators, Chen Ping did not have much certainty!
Although those dozen of demonic cultivators could enter the Dead Sea with the help of Ning Zhi, they were relying solely on Ning Hai’s Supreme Fire Shield, as long as Chen Ping broke those demonic cultivators’ shields, they would immediately be turned into white bones by the Dead Sea!
Returning to the sky above the Dead Sea, Chen Ping swept his surroundings before plunging headlong into the seabed, knowing that Ning Zhi and the others would definitely return to the mainland from this direction!
Strolling on the seabed, Chen Ping observed the topography of the seabed, then pressed his hands into the mud of the seabed, felt the underground aura, and nodded with satisfaction!
The more exuberant the aura of the Earth’s Heart Flame was, the more damage the seawater would do to those demonic cultivators, but there was no effect on Chen Ping himself.
Moreover, the terrain here was flat, and there were quite a few mountain peaks stacked up around it, and the position Chen Ping was in at the moment, if there was no seawater, it would be the terrain of a valley!
Moreover, some of these peaks had risen out of the sea to form a small island, so Ning Zhi and the others would pass by from here, and there was a high probability that they would rest on this small island for a while!
After all, a long time of flying in the air would cause a great loss of spiritual energy to the cultivator, especially if they had just experienced a battle, their own consumption was high, and they could not afford to fly in the air at a long distance!
After choosing a good location, Chen Ping then began to continuously carve formation patterns at the foot of that mountain peak!
This undersea mountain peaks were stacked on top of each other, enclosing an area of tens of miles, and Chen Ping was the one who was going to carve formation patterns at the foot of these mountain peaks, and in the end, when these formation patterns were linked together, they would form a huge formation!
This huge formation was usually used to protect a clan or a town, and required the cooperation of quite a few formation masters!
Even if there were many formation masters, it would take ten days and half a month to set up such a large formation!
But right now, it was just Chen Ping himself, and the time was also very urgent, to lay this kind of large formation when Ning Zhi and the others arrived here, Chen Ping did not have full certainty!
So Chen Ping had to race against time, even though Chen Ping had now fused the divine and magical patterns, and the art of formations was not comparable to that of an ordinary human formation master, it was still a great test to complete such a vast project!
Chen Ping was at the bottom of the sea, desperately carving formation patterns, and from time to time filling his mouth with pills to replenish the consumed spiritual energy!
“You brat this is a Demon Subduing Formation, isn’t it? At first, old me didn’t see it, but now I can sort of see a little bit of it.”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“I didn’t expect you to know the art of formations ah?”
Chen Ping was somewhat surprised!
Although the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was awesome, he was not a formation master and did not know much about the art of formations!
“sh*t, old me was trapped by this formation back then, so I recognise this kind of formation.”
“But this Demon Subduing Array is very powerful for the real Demon Race, but those guys are just ordinary Demon Cultivators, they can’t be counted as real Demons, so this Demon Subduing Array of yours will be much weaker instead.”
“And to deal with those little brats, for you to lay down such a huge Demon Subduing Array is simply making a big deal out of it.”
“In a moment, you’ll give me control of your physical body, and I’ll just help you exterminate those little brats ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said lightly!
Chen Ping just gave a blank look and said in an unfavourable manner, “Pull back, exterminating these demonic cultivators, I might not suffer any harm, if I give you my physical body, I might be left with just a wisp of soul.”
Although Chen Ping was talking after the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, his hands did not stop, constantly carving formation patterns!