“Since you don’t want to do it yourself, I’ll give you a hand ……”
Lin Chong finished speaking and instantly arrived in front of Chen Ping!
There was no time given to Chen Ping at all!
Only to see Lin Chong grabbing towards Chen Ping’s arm, as long as he grabbed Chen Ping’s arm, then Chen Ping’s arm was considered ruined!
Chen Ping instinctively swung out a fist to resist, he could never let Lin Chong lose his arm!
But just as Chen Ping swung out his fist, Lin Chong instantly froze as if he had seen a ghost, and the hand that grabbed at Chen Ping also hung motionless in mid-air!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s fist smashed into Lin Chong’s body, causing Lin Chong to take three steps backwards!
Chen Ping looked at that Lin Chong with some surprise, not understanding what happened to this Lin Chong, why did he suddenly stop!
Poof!
Only to see Lin Chong, after a moment of shock, suddenly fell on his knees in front of Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was directly startled!
No matter what, this Lin Chong is also his own old man, why did he suddenly kneel down for himself!
“My subordinate, Lin Chong, I pay my respects to the Lord of the Palace ……”
Lin Chong kowtowed directly towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping froze and instantly reacted, glancing at the Heavenly Dragon Ring on his hand!
“You …… are also one of the Heavenly Dragon Hall Hall of Fame?”
Chen Ping asked to Lin Chong!
“Yes, my subordinate is also one of the Heavenly Dragon Hall’s halls, I didn’t know that it was Lord Hall Master, I have just offended more, please forgive me, Lord Hall Master!”
Lin Chong knelt on the ground, his body still shaking slightly!
“Those who don’t know are not guilty, please get up quickly ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly helped Lin Chong up!
Chen Ping was excited inside at the moment, he did not expect this Sun Moon City to be his own power!
“Hall Master, please take a seat, I will make tea for you ……”
Lin Chong let Chen Ping sit on his throne and then personally made tea for Chen Ping!
“Don’t call me Temple Lord, I don’t want people to know my identity, just call me directly by my name!”
Chen Ping did not want others to know his identity as the Heavenly Dragon Hall Master!
“How can that be, then I will call you Mr Chen!”
Lin Chong would not dare to call Chen Ping by his name!
“As you wish!”Chen Ping nodded and surveyed the glorious palace, then asked, “Let me ask you, how is the strength of your Sun Moon City in the entire Celestial Realm? Can you deal with that Ten Temples?”
Now that the Ten Temples were looking for trouble from Chen Ping, Chen Ping had long wanted to destroy the Ten Temples!
“To deal with the Ten Temples, that would still be easy, but behind the Ten Temples is the Divine Temple, and behind the Divine Temple is the entire Divine Race, so if I were to deal with the Divine Temple, the strength of my Sun Moon City would be too weak!”
“But don’t worry Mr Chen, as far as I know, there are only the Ten Temples in this Celestial Realm, and the other Temples of the Divine Hall aren’t in the Celestial Realm, nor do we know which realm world they are in!”
“So even if we exterminate the Ten Temples, it’s probably hard for that divine Hall to send someone to intervene ……”
“In this Celestial Realm, my Sun Moon City’s strength is definitely ranked in the top three, and I know a few of the five domain lords in the Celestial Realm, so I’m considered an old acquaintance.”
“But the Heavenly Ascension Ladder is about to appear, I just don’t know how many Celestial Realm cultivators are still alive in that Heavenly Ascension Ladder’s world, those who can survive for a hundred years in the Heavenly Ascension Ladder’s world, their strength is definitely very terrifying, and all of these people are unknown.”
Lin Chong followed Chen Ping in detail!
“The top three of the Celestial World?”Chen Ping smiled inwardly after hearing this, in that case, he would be able to walk horizontally in the Celestial Realm in the future and not have to fear anything!
“By the way, there are many people from the Celestial Realm trapped in this Celestial Realm, how do these people of theirs compare to you in terms of strength?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Those Immortals of the Heavenly Realm, who are trapped in the Celestial Realm, have all had their strength suppressed or even decreased, and have not been able to cultivate for these thousands of years.”
“I am naturally unafraid compared to them, that Wuji Daoist was once a Celestial Realm Immortal, if he hadn’t been in my Sun Moon City, I’m afraid that his strength would have dropped a lot long ago!”
“However, the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation has recently had a disturbance, when the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation is broken, these Heaven Realm people will regain their strength and return to the Heaven Realm, at that time, I won’t be a match!”
Lin Chong said!