“Sister Qiu Ju, why do I feel that someone has come to this hot spring?” Han Qing’er’s eyebrows knitted slightly, “It seems like there is the presence of that Chen Ping’s aura.”
Qiu Ju saw this and giggled, “Big Miss, stop it, how could someone have come here, even if there was someone, it couldn’t have been that Chen Ping, I see that since you came back, you have always mentioned that Chen Ping intentionally or unintentionally, you don’t think you like him, do you?”
“You know, he’s just a mortal in the secular world, how could he be good enough for you, and you’re still engaged to Prince Lu, don’t be thinking nonsense.”
Qiu Ju advised Han Qing’er.
“Who likes him, I’m just talking about it ……”
Han Qing’er finished speaking and began to slowly absorb the spiritual energy in the hot spring.
………………
Pill God Valley.
Chen Ping opened the door and found that it was Xu Changsheng who had returned!
“Elder Xu, how is it? Have you found all the medicinal herbs?”
Chen Ping asked to Xu Changsheng with a surprised look on his face.
“Valley Master, most of the medicinal herbs have been found, except that there is still one flavor of Hundred Eyes Gra*s that I really can’t find.”
Xu Changsheng said with a shameful expression.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, “This Hundred Eyes Gra*s is indeed difficult to find, it has no root and no fruit, and it has a very short survival time, so it will indeed take a lot of time to find it!”
“Valley Master, if we can ask the people who travel in the clouds, perhaps they can know where to find it, after all, if we go looking for it on a wide scale now, I’m afraid it will take a lot of time!”
Xu Changsheng knew that Chen Ping was in a hurry, so it was impossible to have a lot of time for him to find it slowly.
This thing could not be found, maybe a year and a half to find it, maybe three or five years!
“Don’t worry about the Hundred Eye Herb, save the other herbs you find, I’ll think of another way ……”
Chen Ping decided to look for Hu Pazi!
This guy went around looking for ancient tomb ruins and had his feet all over the north and south of the country, he could possibly know where to find such things!
Chen Ping didn’t delay, he directly took Ge Yuhan and ran to Baihai City by plane!
And at this time, Pocky Hu was living a life of leisure in Baihai City!
The Shen family now worshipped Pocky Hu as an ancestor.
After Bai Zhantang and Shen Mengchen got married, they went back to Kyoto to let Shen Mengchen wait for her baby!
Pocky Hu stayed in Baihai City and was taken care of by the Shen family!
This was a great deal of fun for Pocky Hu!
When Chen Ping found Pocky Hu with Ge Yuhan, he found this guy surrounded by two beautiful women, feeding him fruit!
“Cough cough …………”
Seeing that look on Hu Pocky, Chen Ping coughed hard twice!
When Hu Pazzi took a look and saw that he knew Chen Ping had arrived, he hurriedly waved his hand and told the two beauties to go down!
“Chen Ping, why are you here?”
Pocky Hu asked, somewhat surprised.
“If I don’t come, there won’t be any more Master Hu in the world in the future, that sugar-coated bomb will corrupt you.”
Chen Ping glared at Hu Pazzi and said.
“Hahahaha, don’t worry, any gold, silver, jewels, beautiful women are not as good as the treasures inside the ancient tomb!”
“It’s not like you’re not here, I don’t dare to go to the Heavenly Rune Sect myself, I have nothing to do but find two beautiful women to natter about.”
“Don’t you also have a beautiful woman with you here? You kid have more beauties around you than I do, don’t pretend to be noble here!”
Hu Pazzi laughed and patted Chen Ping’s shoulder, causing Chen Ping to not know what to say!
“Hey, beautiful women ……”
Pocky Hu greeted Ge Yuhan, but Ge Yuhan didn’t react at all!
Chen Ping was about to say something after Pocky Hu, but he saw Pocky Hu’s face turned cold, then he casually picked up a talisman, chanted the words under his breath, and fiercely put it on top of Ge Yuhan’s forehead!
“Master Hu, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping looked puzzled!
“This woman is lifeless and covered in corpse aura, this is simply a puppet corpse, you kid have fallen for it.”
Pocky Hu said to Chen Ping with a gloomy expression.