Look just as the two passed a remote area, suddenly three auras instantly locked them both in place.
It was only then that Liu Ruyan sensed it and, looking flustered, hastily drew her weapon!
And at that moment, three masked men blocked in front of Chen Ping and the two of them!
“This road is opened by me, this tree is planted by me, if you want to pass through here, leave the money to buy the road ……”
One of the masked men roared!
“Robbers?” Chen Ping asked with a very relaxed expression as he looked at the three men!
Liu Ruyan looked at the three men in front of him and said with a frown “The Three Weird Thieves?”
As soon as Liu Ruyan’s words left his mouth, the three masked men froze and then laughed loudly, “I didn’t expect our fame to be so big that someone knew us!”
“That’s right, we are the Three Monstrous Thieves, if you don’t want to find trouble, be a good boy and pay out your money.”
“Haven’t you three already been caught?” Liu Ruyan asked in disbelief!
“Hmph, those who caught us haven’t been born yet, what kind of cages and chains are there in this world that can trap us!”
Said the boss of one of the three monstrous thieves!
However, this boss was not bragging, the three of them did have some skills, no matter what kind of chains or cages with formation patterns laid down, the three of them could easily break them!
“We still have things to do, now get lost immediately and you can still live!”
Chen Ping looked at the three very comical fellows in front of him and said in a cold voice!
“Holy sh*t, you’re crazy!” The oldest of the three thieves gave Chen Ping a glance, “Kid, just because you just said that, at least one hundred and fifty spirit coins, if one penny is missing, believe it or not, the three of us will skin you and pull your tendons out?”
“And then we will play with your girlfriend, such a beautiful woman, this is the first time we have seen her!”
“How dare you, do you know who I am?” Liu Ruyan saw that the three monstrous thieves had even spoken rudely to her, so she said angrily!
“We don’t care who you are, either leave your money or leave your life ……”
The boss of the three weird thieves said!
“You three guys, you’re just looking for death ……”
“This is the Feitian Sect, aren’t you guys afraid of being arrested by the Feitian Sect’s for robbing in their territory?”
Liu Ruyan questioned!
“Hahahaha, the Flying Heaven Clan has arrested us several times, but we still got out just as easily, their dungeons can’t hold the three of us at all.”
“Cut the f*cking crap, hurry up and get the money ……”
The boss of the Three Monsters was getting a little impatient!
“Hmph, come and get it yourself if you’ve got the guts!”
Liu Ruyan coldly snorted as the longsword in her hand instantly headed towards the three!
“Hmph, don’t measure up to yourself ……”
The boss of the three monstrous thieves also gave a cold snort, followed by the three men’s figures actually disappearing instantly!
Then just as Liu Ruyan was shocked, the three had arrived behind Liu Ruyan at the same time and grabbed towards Liu Ruyan with one hand!
“Are you three not putting me in your eyes?”
When Chen Ping saw the three guys making a move against Liu Ruyan, he fiercely waved his hand, and a ray of light instantly enveloped the three of them!
Within the light, countless runes began to flicker and rotate, forming a cage and imprisoning the three guys inside!
Liu Ruyan had also turned around by now and looked at the three monstrous thieves behind her, and couldn’t help but break out in a cold sweat!
She didn’t expect that these three guys would be so fast!
“Kid, you still want to trap us with a formation, it’s ridiculous, you’ve forgotten the prestige of our Three Masters of Monstrous Thieves!”
“In this world, there is no forbidden formation that we can’t break, no aura chain that we can’t open!”
As the leader of the Three Monstrous Thieves finished speaking, the three of them waved their palms at the same time, and a purple light flashed up from the palms of the three of them, before shining on top of Chen Ping’s formation cage!
Along with the trembling of the formation cage, the three men’s bodies actually slowly became transparent and then disappeared!