“Chen Ping, this book was left behind by many seniors, and what is recorded in it are the remains of some vanished ancient sects, so you can pick one of them!”
Ning Zhi said to Chen Ping.
“What if I take this book away?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly.
“That’s impossible, this is our Martial Alliance’s greatest treasure, the Martial Alliance has relied on this book for so many years of development, no one except the top bra*s of the Martial Alliance can see this book.”
“To be able to let you see this book and pick an ancient relic from it is already our greatest sincerity!”
Ning Zhi shook his head with an icy expression!
Seeing this, Chen Ping said nothing more, and instead flipped through the ancient book in front of him!
Only to see that it contained the relics of various vanished ancient clans, as well as detailed introductions to the ancient clans!
Every time Chen Ping flipped a page, it was like discovering a new world, he didn’t expect the Martial Alliance to have such precious things!
Seeing that Chen Ping was flipping very slowly and seeing very carefully, Ning Zhi frowned slightly and said, “I can tell you that the later this book is, the richer the resources of the ancient ruins are, but also the more dangerous they are, depending on how much you dare!”
Ning Zhi finished, staring intently at Chen Ping!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping indeed quickly flipped to the back and looked at those ancient ruins at the back!
Seeing that Chen Ping had flipped to the back, the corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth revealed an imperceptible smile!
What he had just said was to deliberately stimulate Chen Ping.
In order to get Chen Ping to pick a dangerous relic, if Chen Ping really went to explore it, he might die inside!
By then, his revenge would be avenged and the Martial Dao Alliance would not have to be threatened by this Chen Ping.
Soon, Chen Ping’s gaze stopped at an ancient relic!
This ancient relic used to be a sect called the Heavenly Rune Sect, a sect that practiced runes and incantations!
The reason why Chen Ping had his eyes on this relic was because Chen Ping was the most lacking in the area of runic incantations.
And in this area, that Hu Ma Zi was more proficient, so it would be easier to bring Hu Ma Zi with him when the time came!
“I’ll go with here ……”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at the Heavenly Rune Sect.
After taking a look at it, Ning Zhi then ordered someone to bring a pen and paper and had Chen Ping transcribe it.
After transcribing it, Ning Zhi drew a cross on the back of that ancient relic.
It indicated that this ancient relic had been explored!
Chen Ping put away the transcribed map, then pocketed it and returned that book to Ning Zhi again!
Ning Zhi took the book and said with a smile on his face, “Chen Ping, this is the time to settle our grudge, if there is anything else you need our help with in the future, our Martial Alliance will never refuse ……”
Ning Zhi said with conviction and a serious face.
“Of course, with the grudge between us removed, I hope you won’t be looking for me to avenge the murder of my father.”
Chen Ping turned to Ning Zhi and said.
“Sure sure sure ……”
Ning Zhi forced himself to hold back his anger and nodded with a smile on his face!
“But with our grudge removed, there’s no way I’m going to let the matter of the Martial Dao Alliance capturing my girlfriend go just like that.”
“If the Martial Dao Alliance doesn’t release my girlfriend, I’ll tear the entire Martial Dao Alliance apart!”
Chen Ping said with a gloomy face.
The aura emanating from Chen Ping’s body gave everyone the illusion that Chen Ping could destroy the Martial Dao Alliance with just one strike.
“What do you mean by that?”
Ning Zhi’s face went cold and he said with a face full of anger.
“As I said, my grudge with you can be removed, but the grudge with the Martial Dao Alliance is impossible to remove!”
“If you don’t let my girlfriend go, I’ll kill the Martial Arts Alliance sooner or later.”
A burst of chilling intent erupted from Chen Ping’s body!
“Chen Ping, you are breaking your word, how can you, as an important figure in the martial arts community of Kyoto, behave like this?”
Ning Zhi held back the anger in his heart as he questioned Chen Ping.