“These origin powers can be directly absorbed and refined, so it’s also considered a resource that the old ancestor left behind for his ancestors and grandchildren after his death.”
“But Mr Chen is only a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, how could he know about the Origin? And can also feel the Origin aura?”
Ji Lian Jun was very curious!
One must know that many experts had come to the Ji Family as guests and had not detected the Origin Aura of the Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground!
“Truth be told, I now have the power of Origin, so I’m also a bit sensitive to this Origin aura.”
Chen Ping saw that this Ji Lian Jun was not hiding anything from him, so he also directly stated that he possessed the Origin Power!
“What?”
Ji Lian Jun’s eyes instantly widened, his face full of disbelief “A cultivation level of the Harmonisation Realm, and you are able to perceive the Origin Force? Isn’t this too outrageous?”
“I wonder how much of Mr Chen’s Origin Space has opened up, what is it like?”
Chen Ping pondered for a while and then said “It’s the Cosmic Starry Sky ……”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, Ji Lian Jun directly froze, then shook his head and said “Mr Chen, you shouldn’t be joking with me, a Harmonisation Realm cultivation, being able to open the Origin Space and sense the Origin Force, is already a pride of the heavens.”
“I have never heard that the origin space would be of the cosmic stars, that is simply impossible.”
Chen Ping saw that Ji Lian Jun didn’t believe it, so he could only smile slightly and said “Ji Family Master, if you don’t believe it, you can sacrifice a strand of your divine sense and take a look at my Origin Space ……”
Ji Lian Jun looked at Chen Ping and realised that Chen Ping did not look like he was joking, and said with a slight doubt “Okay, then I will take a look ……”
A wisp of divine sense, instantly emanated from Ji Lianjun’s sea of consciousness, Chen Ping did not block it, and directly allowed this wisp of divine sense to enter into the sea of consciousness!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping brought Ji Lianjun into the Origin Space!
Ji Lian Jun looked up at the cosmic starry sky, and the countless stars in the sky, and his entire being was dumbfounded!
Although that thought the stars were all grey, but this countless stars, this boundless Origin Space, God knows how many kinds of Origins Chen Ping was able to perceive in this Origin Space, and how much Origin Power he was able to store!
“Terrible, really terrible …… ” Ji Lianjun looked on in shock, suddenly pointing to the three flickering stars and asked “Mr Chen, could it be that those three flickering stars represent that you have already perceived three types of Origin? ”
Chen Ping nodded and said “Not bad, the Origin of Thunder and Lightning, the Origin of Fire, and the Origin of Illusion I have already perceived.”
“No wonder, Mr Chen has actually comprehended all the Origin of Illusion, then that Illusion Formation of our Ji Family, in front of Mr Chen, that is child’s play.”
“It seems that I have always underestimated Mr Chen, I really have eyes without a pearl, judging someone based on their realm alone seems to be a big mistake.”
Ji Lian Jun was Avray shocked!
He had never dared to think that a small cultivator of the Harmonisation Realm would possess a cosmic star-like Origin Space within his body, and that he had also sensed three types of Origin Power, if he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn’t have believed it even if anyone had told him!
Ji Lian Jun’s divine sense retreated from Chen Ping’s body, his entire being incomparably shocked and excited!
“Family Master Ji, you don’t have to be so excited, this is considered an exception for me, there aren’t many like me.”
“If everyone was like me, that Heavenly Human Realm would have long since become a place of desolation, I’m afraid.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
The resources Chen Ping needed to ascend were several times or even ten times that of other cultivators, if the Celestial Realm were all like Chen Ping, those resources on that Celestial Realm would have been consumed long ago!
“After meeting Chen, I finally understand the true meaning of there are people outside of people, and there are heavens outside of heaven.”
Ji Lian Jun said with a burst of emotion!