Chen Ping was not afraid of these Yin Fiendish Qi, instead, he liked it very much!
It was only that the Fateful Qi was not the same as the Fateful Qi that Chen Ping had just detected in the cave!
Chen Ping looked at the dead Rhinoceros Beasts, all of them looked like they were asleep, only that they did not have the slightest breath on their bodies!
Chen Ping operated his Concentration Skill, devouring the surrounding Yin Fury Qi!
At the same time, Chen Ping also had to find that special baleful aura from these baleful auras, and follow that baleful aura to find out the cause!
Only how Chen Ping tried to find out with all his heart, he was still unable to detect it, which made Chen Ping very annoyed!
However, with so much Yin Baneful Qi, Chen Ping would not let it go, only to see that above Chen Ping’s head, the Yin Baneful Qi gradually coalesced into a mist, continuously surging towards Chen Ping’s body!
But just as Chen Ping was greedily absorbing the Yin Fiend Qi, suddenly his body shook slightly!
It was because he detected that particular baleful qi, and it was obvious that this baleful qi seemed to possess life as if it was just probing around Chen Ping for a while, and was not absorbed by Chen Ping, before it quickly disappeared!
A glint flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes, and then the Concentration Skill stopped functioning, and his Divine Awareness condensed in one place, locking onto that baleful aura in a deadly manner!
Fire Phoenix and the others saw that Chen Ping suddenly ran, and it was still towards the depths of the Undead Valley!
However, Chen Ping had given an explanation, so they did not dare to rush in privately for fear of spoiling Chen Ping’s big event!
Soon, Chen Ping’s figure disappeared before their eyes.
Chen Ping locked onto that baleful aura with a deadly lock and kept coming to the foot of the mountain peak, which used to be the place where the Divine King’s Bow was placed!
Following that baleful aura, Chen Ping climbed towards the peak and soon found a small looking cave halfway up the mountain!
And it was from this cave that the baleful aura emanated!
Looking at the dark and bottomless cave, Chen Ping didn’t dare to go in, he observed outside for a while, and then wanted to use Supreme Flame to force out the thing that was emanating the Fatal Qi inside!
Before Chen Ping could use the Supreme Flame, he saw a black shadow quickly rushing out, and then slapped his palm at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was shocked and his body retreated, directly falling down from that halfway up the mountain!
The black shadow, however, was biting Chen Ping and followed him with a long leap to chase after him!
After Chen Ping landed on the ground, he met him with a backhanded palm!
Boom!
After a loud bang, a bright light shot out in all directions!
At the moment of contact between the two palms, Chen Ping was frozen in his tracks!
And that black shadow also stopped and looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
“Senior Yin Demon, you …… why are you here?”
Chen Ping looked at the Yin Demon in front of him with a face full of incredulity!
The Yin Devil also had a shocked face “You …… how did you come back again? And you seem to have risen quite a bit in this realm?”
“I have been in the Celestial Realm for a long time, I wonder what Senior Yin Demon is doing here?”
Chen Ping asked in puzzlement!
“Of course it’s cultivation, my suppressed remnant soul escaped back to the Celestial Realm and remodelled my physical body, I lost most of my cultivation, so of course I need to cultivate.”
“This Undead Spirit Valley has a prevalent Yin Fury Qi, cultivating here is most suitable.”
“You kid got the Divine King’s Bow, how dare you not hide and still dare to come here, be careful of being discovered by those beast clans.”
Yin Devil said to Chen Ping!
“No harm done, even if that Beast Race Lion King was here, he wouldn’t dare to do anything to me.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly.
The Yin Devil looked Chen Ping up and down, then tsked “I didn’t expect that your boy, who is at the first grade of the Transition Realm realm, is very strong, just now my slap didn’t manage to do anything to you.”
“Senior Yin Demon, it’s fine for you to absorb the Yin Fiend Qi to cultivate, but why did you kill these Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts? Luckily, the Lion King is not here, if he was, he would probably have discovered your whereabouts.”
Chen Ping asked as he pointed at the corpses of the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts all over the ground!