“What do you want?”
Chen Ping looked at Tong Youcai and Leng Yun and said.
“I don’t want to do anything, this Spiritual Fruit is a rare spiritual fruit in the world, who doesn’t want it, but to get it, you have to be able to do it.”
“Now there are a total of eight Spiritual Fruits, Brother Leng can take five, I want three and that’s it ……”
“As for you, you can’t take a single one, and you have to leave your life behind!”
After Tong Youcai said that, his aura started to rise up!
He had wanted to kill Chen Ping for a long time, but Leng Yun had been protecting Chen Ping, so Tong You Cao could not do it!
This time, he knew that Leng Yun would never help Chen Ping before the benefit of the face, so he said that he would let Leng Yun take the five spiritual fruits!
As expected, when Leng Yun heard this, his face showed a smile of satisfaction and he did not help Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked coldly at Tong Youcai, his eyes full of disdain!
“Just you, you still want to kill me?” Chen Ping snorted coldly, “You’re still practicing for ten years ……”
Chen Ping’s disdain made Tong Youcai instantly furious and his body leapt up!
“Chen Ping, now that I have transformed my genes, killing you is like chopping up a vegetable ……”
Since the transformation of his genes, Tong Youcai’s heart was extremely inflated.
His body leapt up high, emitting a terrifying aura, and then his fist came down with a bang, a burst of sound that made the whole space tremble!
Chen Ping looked coldly at Tong Youcai and his body suddenly glowed with golden light, his undestructive golden body instantly wrapped around his whole body, followed by the power of the divine dragon condensing on his fist!
A golden dragon encircled his arm, and then a fist swung out, accompanied by a dragon roar, a terrifying fist power went straight to Tong Youcai!
Boom! …………
There was a deafening sound, and the terrifying energy swept around like a windstorm!
Everyone was blown to the ground by the terrifying after-effects!
But the Lingering Tree on the other side seemed to be unaffected, not even a single leaf moved!
The boy felt a dullness in his chest, followed by a mouthful of blood, and his whole body fell from the air like a kite with a broken string, hitting the ground fiercely!
“Second Young Master …………”
The disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect saw this and hurriedly went forward to help Tong Youzui up!
Seeing that Chen Ping had injured Tong Youzui with one punch, Leng Yun was shocked, he did not expect Chen Ping’s strength to be so strong.
Tong Youcai wiped a handful of blood and his eyebrows were furrowed together!
He had no idea that he could not defeat Chen Ping even though he had modified his genes and increased his strength!
“I told you, you can’t kill me with this power, so go back and train for ten years!”
“You don’t deserve to take this Lingering Fruit either ……”
Chen Ping said to Tong Youcai in a cold voice.
“Chen, since we entered the Water Fairy Palace together and found the Spiritual Fruit together, we might as well share it together.”
“I’ll take four of them, and Tong Youcai will take two, so you can also take two, so we don’t have to fight to the death!”
When Leng Yun saw how strong Chen Ping was, he smiled slightly and stepped forward to say.
Chen Ping looked at Leng Yun’s sissy face and thought pretty well.
If Chen Ping hadn’t shown his strength, I’m afraid he wouldn’t have let Leng Yun take a single one!
“Why did you take four of them? Because you’re a sissy?”
“I’ll take all eight of these Spiritual Fruits, so get out now, or else you won’t get the Spiritual Fruits and you’ll have to die here!”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice.
Chen Ping’s words instantly made Leng Yun’s face cold, and he no longer had his freshly amiable look!
“Chen Ping, do you think that because you have defeated Tong Youcai, you can have no one in sight?”
“Letting you take two Spiritual Fruits is a favour to you, and you still don’t appreciate it ……”
Leng Yun’s eyes narrowed slightly, and his killing intent began to rise up! —