“Not bad, this is my Dragon Beheading Sword.”
Chen Ping smiled blandly as he held the sword and stood, his spiritual energy surrounding his body like a supreme sword that was about to be unsheathed.
“No wonder you were able to kill that Luo Ta, it seems to be related to this precious sword of yours, but the sword in my hand, is also not a mortal object!”
Yun Li’s spiritual energy within his body similarly boiled up, and the light of the long sword in his hand flourished, as if there was a blazing flame jumping on the blade.
The battle was imminent, Yun Li’s body shape was like electricity, transforming into a stream of light and pouncing on Chen Ping, the long knife brought with it the sound of whistling wind and blazing flames, fiercely slashing at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s figure lightly turned, the Dragon Sword gently swung, sword light like a dragon, cleverly will Yun Li’s attack dissolved in the invisible, at the same time the tip of the sword lightly pointing to the ground, using the force to rebound, and directly to Yun Li’s vitals.
The two of them went back and forth, sword shadow and blade light intertwined, every collision was accompanied by a roaring sound, stirring up layers of air waves, the surrounding space seemed to be torn apart by this force.
Yun Li’s sword was mighty and unrivalled, while Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword was exceptionally agile, sometimes transforming into a green dragon soaring through the nine heavens, sometimes transforming into a rain of swords that was impervious to the winds, making it dizzying to watch.
As time passed, the battle became more and more intense, the two men’s speed and power were raised to the extreme, every exchange of blows was heart-stopping.
Although Yun Li’s realm was higher than Chen Ping’s, but in front of the sharpness of the Dragon Slaying Sword and Chen Ping’s exquisite swordsmanship, he gradually fell into a disadvantage.
Finally, after a fierce collision, Yun Li made a slip and was caught by Chen Ping in a break.
The Dragon Slashing Sword was like a snake coming out of a hole, penetrating through Yun Li’s defence at an incredible angle, the tip of the sword gently tapped on his shoulder, leaving a shallow sword mark, followed by Chen Ping’s swift withdrawal of the sword, and everything returned to calm.
“I lost.”
Yun Li withdrew his sword and stood, looking at the sword mark on his shoulder, his eyes were not unwilling, but instead revealed a hint of relief and admiration.
Chen Ping smiled faintly and sheathed his sword, “I apologise, your strength is also extraordinary, if it was not for the point, the winner would have been unknown.”
Yun Li smiled brightly and took out 10,000 Immortal Spirit Stones from his storage bag and threw it to Chen Ping: “Willing to gamble is willing to lose, today you beat me by half a move, this Immortal Spirit Stone is yours.”
Chen Ping caught the Immortal Spirit Stone and felt the majestic spiritual power contained within it.
Fortune, really fortune!
Ten thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, now the resources to continue cultivating at the back were there again!
Chen Ping had intentionally won only half a move over Yun Li because he did not want Yun Li to guess his true strength!
Danglang!
Right at this moment, a crisp breaking sound suddenly resounded between heaven and earth, and then the blade in Yun Li’s hand, unexpectedly, directly broke into several pieces and fell to the ground!
All that remained in Yun Li’s hand was a hilt, which looked comical!
Looking at the hilt in his direct hand, Yun Li was silent for a long time!
“F*ck ……”
Suddenly, a foul language popped out from that Yun Li’s mouth!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “I’m really sorry, your knife is also too unsturdy.”
At this moment, Yun Li was as disgusted as if he had eaten a fly!
He had thought that Chen Ping had only beaten him by half a move, but to his surprise, the gap between them was too far!
In terms of the weapons in their hands, they were no longer on the same level!
If it was really a fight to the death, I’m afraid he would have been dead by now!
“You tricked me?”
Yun Li looked at Chen Ping with some anger!
“Where did that come from? How did I trick you?”
Chen Ping shrugged helplessly!
“Didn’t we agree to go point to point, if you hurt me for a single point, then the Immortal Spirit Stone cannot be given to you!”
Yun Li said!
“I didn’t hurt you ah, it’s just that your blade isn’t sturdy, it’s not like I said I couldn’t hurt your blade!”
Chen Ping explained!
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Yun Li could only knock out his teeth and swallow them inside his stomach!
The Immortal Spirit Stones had all been given to Chen Ping, so it was useless to say anything now, not to mention the fact that the matter of the weapon had really not been said in the beginning!