Can a person who can catch a bullet with his empty hand be an ordinary person?
Xing Jun knew that Chen Ping must have another identity that he couldn’t even find out!
At this moment, Xing Jun also remembered the scene at Xian He Zhuang, where Liao Fei Xiong did not do anything to Chen Ping, but scolded himself, now it seemed that this Liao Fei Xiong was also afraid of Chen Ping’s identity.
It turned out that he was not from the same world as Chen Ping. Xing Jun had always been proud of being a returnee and thought that he was a hundred times better than Chen Ping, but at this moment he suddenly realized that he was still superficial!
“Please, please don’t kill me …………”
Xing Jun was scared, scared, he was afraid of death, he also dared to kill, he just pulled the trigger under nervousness, even though he had prepared his heart long ago, but when he was really faced with it, Xing Jun still dared not pull the trigger to kill!
Looking at Xing Jun’s appearance, Chen Ping also lost interest in killing him, casually threw the bullet to the ground and said coldly: “Starting today, get out of Hongcheng, don’t let me see you again ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly turned around and walked out of the office!
The secretary was at the door when the office door opened, and when she saw through the open doorway that Xing Jun was kneeling on the ground, her whole body was stunned.
Chen Ping glanced at that secretary, startling that secretary, but Chen Ping didn’t say anything, nor did he close the door, leaving the secretary to look at Xing Jun who was kneeling on the ground!
“Get out, get the hell out of here ……”
Xing Jun shouted angrily at the secretary!
The secretary was so frightened that she hurriedly ran away, and was inwardly terrified that she would be fired because she had seen Xing Jun’s ugly face!
Before the secretary knew it, at this moment Xing Jun slowly picked up his gun and bullets, took one look at his office and then left!
Since then, Xing Jun has never been seen in the company, nor in Hong Cheng!
“Chen Ping, did Chief Xing find you to talk to you about the commission? How did you follow what General Xing said?”
Seeing that Chen Ping had returned to the sales department, Cui Zhiyuan hurriedly asked Chen Ping.
Although he disliked to talk to Chen Ping, for the sake of the commission matter, Cui Zhiyuan still found Chen Ping!
“Nothing!” Chen Ping glanced at that Cui Zhiyuan and said coldly!
“Chen Ping, I think you just want to take the commission for yourself, right? I can tell you, the company rules, the sales department anyone signed a contract, the commission has a part of the manager, not to mention the Tianmei company we have long run for months, you are kind of picking up a contract for nothing, don’t think how great you are, if not for my introduction, you can get into the company?”
Sun Xiaomeng saw Chen Ping’s look and immediately said with a huff!
“I won’t look at that little commission, if there is one, I don’t want a penny ……”
Chen Ping gave that Sun Xiaomeng a glance, and then said indifferently!
“Chen Ping, this is what you said, everyone well heard it, you don’t want a single point, don’t regret it ……”
Cui Zhiyuan heard, hurriedly said loudly, afraid that Chen Ping regrets!
“Won’t regret it!” Chen Ping coldly smiled!
If Chen Ping didn’t want the commission, then wouldn’t it all be his, and by the time he bought a suite in Pan Long Bay, he would have no problem making a down payment!
The other people in the sales department all looked at Chen Ping in shock, and all laughed at him for being a fool, for such a big contract, the commission must be quite a lot, but Chen Ping said he didn’t want it!
“Han Han, you are in the same group as Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s commission is not wanted, you must want it, don’t be like him, don’t be stupid ……”
Wang Lanlan came up to Wang Hanhan and whispered!
Wang Han Han glanced at Chen Ping who was not far away, and then shook her head and said, “I don’t want it either!”
The contract was not signed by herself, and Wang Han Han didn’t want any commission!
And as for why Chen Ping didn’t want the commission, Wang Han Han didn’t want to ask, probably because he had found a rich woman girlfriend and couldn’t see this amount of money!
“These two people are sick, right, following the money has a grudge ……”
Wang Lan Lan bristled and walked away!