“Chen Ping, when I catch you, I will definitely break you into pieces!”
Qi Peijia, who had fled, roared with rage!
Ever since he had obtained the miraculous encounter, Qi Peijia had not been such a wimp!
He couldn’t even kill a small cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm, and he was scared to flee twice!
Shame, great shame!
Qi Peijia also didn’t want to stay in the Divine Demon Battlefield, he wanted to return to the Devil Swallowing Cave as soon as possible, in order to properly raise some cultivation!
Now that Chen Ping was surrounded by a number of seventh grade cultivators of the Transition Realm protecting him, Qi Peijia himself was simply no match for him!
Just as Qi Peijia roared, two silhouettes were rapidly approaching!
“Who is it?”
Qi Peijia frowned, he thought that Chen Ping had brought people after him!
“Duke Qi ……”
At this moment, Ning Zhi rushed forward with Ning Caixin!
Qi Peijia looked at Ning Zhi and Ning Caixin and realised that he didn’t recognise the two of them, so he asked vigilantly “Who are you people?”
“Sir Qi, I am the old ancestor of the Northern Region’s Ning Clan, and this is the head of the Ning Clan.”
Ning Zhi hurriedly introduced himself!
“The Northern Domain Ning Family?”
Qi Peijia frowned and said “I don’t recognise it, nor have I heard of it.”
The Ning Family was not famous in the first place, not to mention being in the Northern Domain, it was only natural that Qi Peijia had not heard of it!
“Prince Qi is a dragon and phoenix amongst men, it’s only normal for a small family like ours to not have heard of it.”
Ning Zhi touted Qi Peijia!
Upon hearing this, Qi Peijia was very flattered, so he let his guard down and said “What are you two looking for me for?”
“Mr Qi, we know that you want to kill that Chen Ping, truth be told, we also have some quarrels with Chen Ping, so we want to follow Mr Qi to join forces.”
Ning Zhi said!
Qi Peijia coldly glanced at Ning Zhi and Ning Caichen, coldly snorted and said “No need, I can completely kill that Chen Ping by myself, there is no need to co-operate with you guys.”
“Of course I know that Prince Qi is able to kill that Chen Ping, that Chen Ping is only a first grade of the Transitional Realm, Prince Qi is indeed a great cultivator of the eighth grade of the Transitional Realm, a single finger would be able to crush that Chen Ping to death.”
“But beside that Chen Ping, there are quite a few helpers, there are also quite a few Transitional Appearance Realm 7th Grade Great Cultivators guarding the area, so if Eunuch Qi wants to kill that Chen Ping, it won’t be an easy task.”
“And what about after Duke Qi kills Chen Ping? Don’t you want to take your place in the entire Southern Region? Do you still want to be a loose cultivator, don’t you want to have your own power?”
This fellow, Ning Zhi, was extremely good at figuring things out, and all of a sudden, he spoke to Qi Peijia’s heart!
Qi Peijia used to be a loose cultivator, suffered a lot of humiliation, and was even forced into the Devil Swallowing Cave by that Jin Dong!
If it wasn’t for entering the Devil Swallowing Cave, Qi Peijia wouldn’t have been able to obtain a strange encounter!
“Could it be that by co-operating with you, I can have my own power? You are only two people, and since your Ning Family is in the Northern Domain, how could you come to the Southern Domain to develop.”
Qi Peijia asked without understanding!
“Prince Qi, as long as we co-operate, I have a way for you to have your own forces, and I also have a way for that Chen Ping to become a target and be hunted down by several great clans!”
Ning Zhi said with conviction!
“What methods do you have?”
Qi Peijia asked curiously!
Ning Zhi put his head to Qi Peijia’s ear, then whispered a few words, directly causing that Qi Peijia to burst into laughter!
“Hahahaha, this is a really good idea, this is really a snipe and a fisherman’s profit!”
Qi Peijia laughed out loud!
Seeing Qi Peijia’s wide grin, the corners of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted slightly also being very pleased with himself!
Ning Caichen, on the other hand, was on the sidelines, not daring to breathe, now that the old ancestor was following the demonic cultivator to co-operate, there was nothing he could do to stop it as the head of the family!
Right now, Ning Caichen only hoped that after killing Chen Pingzhi, he would not be working with Qi Peijia!
Never let the other clans in the Northern Domain know about this, otherwise they, Ning Zhi, would be even more out of position.