“No way!” Chen Ping shook his head.
Soon, Wu Liuyi also left, looking at Wu Liuyi’s back, Chen Ping always felt that this person had a heavy heart and gave people a feeling of being impenetrable, but he could not say that he was bad, after all, today’s incident, Wu Liuyi was helping Chen Ping in every way.
“Chen Ping, what I said is the truth, you should take care of yourself, if that Jiang Zhengde knows about it, he will definitely not be willing to give up!”
Li Shouyi said to Chen Ping somewhat helplessly.
“Soldiers will come and go, there’s nothing to worry about!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Seeing this, Li Shouyi could not say anything else, so he could only lead his men away!
Chen Ping took Red Phoenix and Lin Tianhu with him and did not go back, but went straight to Jiang’s family, now that Jiang Zhengzhong was dead, all of Jiang’s family would become Chen Ping’s, and among the many families in the provincial city, there would be no one to follow Chen Ping to fight for it.
Lin Tianhu drove, Chen Ping sat in the pa*senger seat, behind him were Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, in the back there were a few cars following, it was Red Phoenix with the people from Red Phoenix Hall!
“Chen Ping, what …… happened to those dirty things you just ate?”
On the road, Su Yuqi couldn’t help herself and asked Chen Ping.
Now Su Yuqi was still getting goosebumps and constantly wanting to vomit when she remembered the way Chen Ping ate those ghosts!
“What dirty things did he eat?” Gu Ling’er asked curiously.
Su Yuqi wanted to explain, but didn’t know how to, so she could only look at Chen Ping with a deadpan look, hoping that he could explain.
Chen Ping then also remembered that he had forgotten that Su Yuqi was present when he was devouring the ghost, and that Su Yuqi would definitely recoil at the sight of this scene, and might even be scared at the sight of herself!
“That’s not a dirty thing, it’s just an illusionary technique used by that warlock, do you really believe there are ghosts in this world?”
Chen Ping pretended to explain, “Look, I have nothing in my hand, and I can conjure up a ghost for you right away!”
As Chen Ping said this, a white mist faintly emerged from his palm, and soon a ghost’s head with teeth and claws was in Chen Ping’s hand, which scared Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er.
Chen Ping opened his mouth and sucked the ghost head into his mouth. In fact, these were all illusions that Chen Ping had made with his spiritual energy, but the ghosts that Master Bu Dou had released were all real!
“See, they’re all fake, I’m conjuring up a dagger for you!”
Chen Ping continued to explain, there was soon an extra dagger in his hand, Chen Ping sucked it into his mouth as well with a strong suction, “These are all illusions of powerful qi, you’re not a martial artist, so you’re not sure!”
“I know!” Gu Ling’er seemed to understand, so she explained to Su Yuqi, “Yuqi, you’re not a martial artist, you don’t understand this, a true internal energy master, is able to harness qi to transform into a form, able to transform all kinds of objects at will, in fact, they’re all fake!”
When Gu Ling’er said so, Su Yuqi’s originally confused face had a few moments of belief and nodded, “Oh, so it’s fake!”
Seeing that Su Yuqi was convinced, Chen Ping then secretly wiped his cold sweat, otherwise he really didn’t know how to explain after Su Yuqi, it seemed that in the future, things that were too divine could not be allowed to be seen by Su Yuqi.
If Chen Ping can’t explain it to Su Yuqi today, I’m afraid that if the two of them want to make out in the future, Su Yuqi will have a problem in her heart!
“What are you laughing at, drive properly ……”
Chen Ping glared at Lin Tianhu!
A group of people, soon arrived at the Jiang family villa, at this time the entire Jiang family villa inside no one, it seems that the remaining people have long known the news of Jiang Zhengzhong tragic death, all ran away without a trace!