At the top of the palace was embedded a huge blood-coloured crystal stone; it emitted a heart-palpitating evil aura. The evil qi of the entire valley seemed to originate from it.
Outside the palace, hundreds of black-robed cultivators were patrolling; their auras were several times stronger than those of the cultivators encountered before. Clearly, they were the elite of the Evil Path Hall.
In front of these cultivators, two figures were particularly conspicuous; they were none other than You Wuxie and You Wuji!
You Wuxie had obviously also noticed the disturbance; he suddenly looked up towards the valley entrance.
When he saw the figures of Chen Ping and Hu Mazi, a flash of fear appeared in his eyes first, followed immediately by deep-seated venom. “Chen Ping! Hu Mazi! You have great audacity to dare intrude here!”
You Wuji also had a ferocious expression; he pointed his bone sword at the two from afar. “Last time, you escaped by luck. This time, we will surely grind your bones to dust and extract your divine souls to nourish this bone sword of mine!”
Hu Mazi laughed loudly; he raised his hands, and dozens of talismans floated in front of him. The runes flickered; spiritual power fluctuations spread out like a tide.
“Cut the nonsense! Hand over the divine souls of my Hu clan quickly, or today we will raze this Blood Bone Valley to the ground and make you scum have your souls scattered!”
“Divine souls?”
You Wuxie sneered with a face full of disdain. “Those lowly divine souls have long been refined by me into pills. How could it be your turn to demand them? If you know what’s good for you, surrender without resistance; perhaps we can still leave you with intact corpses!”
These words were like adding fuel to the fire; they instantly ignited the anger in Hu Mazi’s heart.
He roared in fury; the talismans in front of him burst out with brilliant light in an instant. “Courting death!”
His figure rushed out like lightning; at the same time, he waved his hand to release several Giant Strength Talismans and Evil-Breaking Talismans. The talismans transformed in the air into two huge golden fists; they carried the momentum of splitting mountains and cracking rocks, smashing straight at You Wuxie’s face.
“Petty tricks!”
A fierce glint flashed in You Wuxie’s eyes; black qi surged around his body and condensed into a huge bone shield in front of him. The bone shield was covered with spikes and emitted dense evil qi.
“Clang!”
The golden fists collided with the bone shield; they produced a piercing sound of metal clashing. The bone shield was instantly covered with web-like cracks; You Wuxie was shaken and retreated repeatedly. A trace of black blood overflowed from the corner of his mouth; clearly, he had suffered some internal injuries.
“Your opponent is me!”
Chen Ping’s voice rang out like a thunderclap on flat ground; his figure flickered, and he was already blocking in front of You Wuji. The Dragon Slaying Sword pointed straight at the other’s throat; the golden flames on the sword leaped uncertainly. “Last time, I let you run. This time, you won’t be so lucky.”
You Wuji’s face was ashen; he knew well how formidable Chen Ping was, especially after sensing the aura on the other that was several times stronger than when they last met; it was actually Earth Immortal realm cultivation!
His heart felt even more uneasy. But now that things had come to this, there was no retreat; he could only steel himself and charge forward waving his bone sword. Evil qi pervaded the bone sword; faintly, countless resentful souls were roaring within it.
“Kill!”
With You Wuxie’s command, hundreds of black-robed cultivators pounced at the same time; black qi filled the air and enveloped the entire valley, as if to devour Chen Ping and Hu Mazi.
A bloody battle erupted just like that!
Chen Ping fought with You Wuji; the Dragon Slaying Sword flickered with golden light. Each sword strike carried vast divine dragon power; the sword wind whistled and forced You Wuji to retreat repeatedly.
Although You Wuxie’s bone sword was bizarre and unpredictable, able to draw evil qi to erode the opponent’s spiritual power and flesh, in the face of Chen Ping’s golden flames that contained utmost yang and utmost rigidity power, it was like paper; it simply could not withstand a single blow.
“Clang! Clang! Clang!”
The sounds of metal clashing echoed incessantly and resounded throughout the entire valley. You Wuxie’s bone sword was soon covered with notches; the evil qi was constantly burned by the flames, producing “sizzle” sounds.
He himself was forced into a sorry state by the sword qi; his black robe was torn in several places, revealing the withered skin like tree bark underneath. His face was full of terror and unwillingness.