Qi Peijia looked at Chen Ping who suddenly disappeared and then had a sudden appearance, and his entire body was also a little dumbfounded!
A small cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm was actually able to use two consecutive spatial spells?
This was a bit too outrageous!
To know that the existence of such a perverted spatial spell, for the consumption is huge, Chen Ping a Transition realm first grade cultivator, in the end how did he manage to use it consecutively?
Qi Peijia couldn’t figure it out, but his feet didn’t stop, and he chased after Chen Ping with a few vertical leaps!
Seeing this, Chen Ping scattered his legs and ran, then expected the Spirit Beast Egg to make that clock move once more!
However, Qi Peijia had already chased behind him and did not see the Spirit Beast Egg reacting, this time Chen Ping was a little panicked!
“Big brother, why don’t you start it once?”
Chen Ping gazed at the Spirit Beast Egg and cried out inwardly!
I don’t know if Chen Ping’s inner cry was received by the Spirit Beast Egg, or if the Spirit Beast Egg sensed Chen Ping’s danger, only to see the lines on the Spirit Beast Egg, once again flashing with light!
Chen Ping’s heart was delighted, and he hurriedly looked towards the clock, only this time, the clock hadn’t moved at all, and there was no sign that it was going to start!
“Holy sh*t, what’s the situation?”
Chen Ping froze, somewhat at a loss for words!
And behind him, Qi Peijia’s terrifying aura was already close at hand.
Seeing that the clock did not react, Chen Ping could only offer up his Dragon Cutting Sword and prepare to follow Qi Peijia in a fight to the death.
However, just as Chen Ping had just offered his Dragon Sword, he suddenly heard a roar!
Immediately after that, the earth began to tremble, and smoke and dust rolled from the sky!
Chen Ping and Qi Peijia were all stunned and then looked into the distance!
Only to see hundreds and thousands of demonic beasts, emitting terrifying hisses, stepping on the rolling smoke and dust, this stunned both Chen Ping and Qi Peijia!
The beasts quickly rushed to the front, Qi Peijia’s body rapidly retreated backwards, while Chen Ping could not retreat, if he retreated, he directly retreated into that Qi Peijia’s front!
“Spell it out ……” Chen Ping held the Dragon Slashing Sword, and his Unbreakable Golden Body activated, intending to kill a path from amongst these beasts!
Dealing with these beasts was better than dealing with that Qi Peijia!
However, just as Chen Ping was planning to kill his way out, when the beasts arrived in front of Chen Ping, they even took the initiative to dodge away, and then rushed towards Qi Peijia!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded, looking at the tidal wave of beasts around him, surprisingly none of them attacked him!
Soon after, Chen Ping turned his gaze towards the Spirit Beast Egg and realised that the Spirit Beast Egg was still emitting light, and it was also gently swaying a bit, as if it was following Chen Ping to claim credit!
Obviously, these beasts were attracted by this Spirit Beast Egg, and the reason why these demonic beasts did not attack Chen Ping was also because of this Spirit Beast Egg!
“Damn, it’s really a treasure ……” Chen Ping looked at the spirit beast egg and loved it!
Now it was still an egg, it was so awesome, if it hatched out, what the hell?
Chen Ping was now beginning to fantasise about the image of riding a heaven and earth beast and roaming the Celestial Realm, who would dare to mess with him at that time!
Boom …………
A sudden loud bang pulled Chen Ping back from his fantasy!
Only to see Qi Peijia’s whole body breath bulging, after a loud shout, black breath swept in the void, instantly there were quite a few demonic beasts were directly cut down!
Qi Peijia was furious, obviously Chen Ping’s strength was better than his, but these demonic beasts even bypassed Chen Ping and attacked towards themselves, could it be that they were looking at themselves to be bullied?
Seeing Qi Peijia’s angry killing appearance, Chen Ping did not dare to stay, the wind step was performed, and fled at a fast speed!
Seeing this, Qi Peijia wanted to chase after him, but the countless demonic beasts were still charging towards him, causing Qi Peijia to only roar furiously!
Chen Ping didn’t care about him and ran away desperately!
After an unknown amount of time, Chen Ping could no longer feel Qi Peijia’s aura, even his divine sense was unable to detect it, and only then did he heaved a sigh of relief!