“Big Brother Chen is not dead, Big Brother Chen is not dead ……”
Seeing this, Zhao Barging yelled out in excitement.
And the crowd was all in a sigh of relief, their faces full of surprise.
How could they not understand how Chen Ping had survived this terrifying lightning tribulation?
Seeing that Chen Ping hadn’t died, Long Xiao’s face was as ugly as it could be!
At this moment, Chen Ping was like an immortal, towering in mid-air, but the dark cloud above his head did not dissipate!
Rumble …………
Immediately afterwards, another heavenly thunderstorm rolled in!
“What? Three thunderstorms?”
“Is this f*cking insane?”
“Strange, really strange ……”
Everyone’s jaws all dropped in shock as they listened to the sound of the rolling heavenly thunder!
At this moment, even Mr. Shi had a faint look of surprise!
To say that the most surprised was that Long Xiao.
He had broken through the Great Martial Marquis and gone through a thunder tribulation!
Even then, he was considered to be one in a million, a person of extraordinary talent.
But now, Chen Ping had actually undergone three thunder tribulations?
How could this be possible?
This instantly knocked Long Xiao’s originally high self-confidence to its knees.
“Stop him, stop him quickly, we must not let him pa*s through the lightning tribulation, otherwise it will be the end ……”
At this moment, in Long Xiao’s mind, the old voice, urging urgently, said.
Long Xiao instantly slowed down, and after taking a deep breath, his body began to emit streaks of black awnings!
Soon, these black auras coalesced on top of Long Xiao’s palms!
“Stop him, he’s going to make a move on big brother Chen ……”
At this moment, Zhao Beng discovered that Long Xiao was going to make a move on Chen Ping!
One had to know that at the time of a breakthrough, it was the most vulnerable time, if Long Xiao made a move on Chen Ping at this time, Chen Ping would be in danger.
Zhao Barging roared out and rushed up despite the danger.
“Gryphons ……”
Long Xiao didn’t even look at that Zhao Barging, and with a flick of his palm, Zhao Barging’s body instantly flew out.
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er also leapt up!
But just as she rushed towards Long Xiao, Gu Ling’er was also instantly knocked away by a huge force!
The difference in their strength was so great that they couldn’t create any stopping or blocking effect on Long Xiao!
Only a slight tremor was seen under Long Xiao’s feet, and his entire body instantly leapt up in mid-air.
But the moment Long Xiao leapt up, a holy white aura wrapped around Long Xiao!
This white aura caused Long Xiao’s body to lurch, and the spirit inside him instantly hid itself!
Xiao Ru was dressed in white armour, and a white aura emanated from her body, binding Long Xiao!
The heavenly thunder was getting closer and closer, and it looked like the lightning tribulation was about to start!
“Ah …………”
Long Xiao knew that there was not much time left, and after he let out an explosive cry, he instantly broke free from that white aura’s binding.
And Xiao Ru’s entire body was like a heavy blow, after spurting out a mouthful of blood, he instantly collapsed to the ground!
“Go to hell ……”
Long Xiao’s entire person, turning into a black mango, rushed towards Chen Ping!
Ka-ching …………
Right at this moment, the thunderstorm descended once again!
A huge bolt of lightning struck down fiercely!
And Long Xiao was right in front of Chen Ping, when he was instantly knocked out by the terrifying force of the thunderbolt!
Long Xiao could only watch as the thunderbolt struck Chen Ping’s body!
A light shot through Chen Ping’s body, and it was as if his entire body was pierced through!
Long Xiao prayed silently, praying that Chen Ping wouldn’t survive this one lightning tribulation!
One had to know that this was three thunder tribulations, and that they were more powerful than one at a time.
Everyone was watching nervously too, they were all waiting, waiting to see if Chen Ping could hold out this lightning tribulation!
Even Mr Shi’s face had a hint of nervousness on it!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body had become transparent, and the bones and blood on his body were all clearly visible!