“What are you dawdling for, taking so half a day to catch up?”
Seeing that it took Zheng Jian half a day to catch up, Patriarch Jiang rebuked loudly!
“Master, I had a bit of a tummy upset.”
Zheng Jian explained sheepishly, then his eyes kept looking around!
He wanted to see if that Divine Doctor Liu and his men had caught up!
However, after walking for a while, Zheng Jian did not find the shadow of that Divine Doctor Liu and the others, so he could not help but feel a little depressed!
And at this moment, on the path that Chen Ping and the others had to pass through, Divine Doctor Liu was trying to set up a formation with those four cultivators!
“In order to be foolproof, I can only use this formation talisman that I have sought out at a high price, but after capturing that Chen Ping, all the losses will be worth it.”
Divine Doctor Liu held the formation talisman in his hand, and although his heart was filled with reluctance, he still punched a spiritual force into it and began to set it up!
“Divine Doctor Liu, that’s a hundred year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, what’s a formation talisman, but we all need to be cautious, since that kid was able to make the Demon Sealing Alliance place an order to kill him, he must have some strength.”
That bearded cultivator said to Divine Doctor Liu!
“As long as we introduce that Chen Ping into the spell formation, he won’t be able to escape, don’t worry ……”
Divine Doctor Liu’s eyes were filled with confidence!
This spell formation talisman was one that he had purchased at an extremely high price, and had always used it as a protective talisman!
Now that he had taken it out, it was more than enough to deal with Chen Ping!
After Divine Doctor Liu and the others had just set up the spell formation, Chen Ping and the others also arrived!
“Hehe, why are you guys here?”
Seeing Divine Doctor Liu and the others, Patriarch Jiang instantly froze!
Because when that divine Doctor Liu left, it wasn’t in this direction, how could he suddenly appear in front of them now?
And after that Zheng Jian saw Divine Doctor Liu and the others, an imperceptible smile appeared on his face!
“Patriarch Jiang, it’s really fate, I didn’t expect to run into him again!”
Seeing Patriarch Jiang, Divine Doctor Liu faintly smiled and said!
However, while speaking, that Divine Doctor Liu’s eyes always looked towards Chen Ping unintentionally!
Even the other four cultivators were all intentionally or unintentionally glancing at Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned slightly, then his Divine Sense slowly spread out, instantly noticing that there were aura fluctuations in front of them!
“A spell formation has been laid in front of them?”
After Chen Ping dispersed his divine sense, he detected that a spell formation had been laid in front of him and instantly became alert!
“Divine Doctor Liu, I wonder if you are waiting for us here on purpose, or did you happen to run into us again by chance?”
Patriarch Jiang also felt a little strange, as if this Divine Doctor Liu had deliberately brought someone to wait for them in front!
“What am I doing waiting for you guys on purpose, just now we were just chasing a demonic beast and that’s how we got here.”
“If you guys have something to do, you can just leave directly, it’s not like I’m stopping you!” Divine Doctor Liu said with a smile!
Although Patriarch Jiang felt that there was something wrong, but seeing Divine Doctor Liu say so, he did not say anything else and instead led Chen Ping as they continued to walk forward!
Chen Ping did not say anything either, but walked straight ahead, leading the way!
As they passed in front of Divine Doctor Liu and the others, that Zheng Jian gave Divine Doctor Liu a somewhat puzzled look!
He didn’t understand, why didn’t this Divine Doctor Liu make a move?
Just as that Zheng Jian was puzzled, an intense white light suddenly flashed, followed by Chen Ping, who was in front of them, instantly disappearing!
When the light disappeared, Chen Ping’s figure appeared again!
Only at this time, Chen Ping’s figure was already within a huge transparent barrier!
“Mr Cheng …………”
Seeing this scene, Ochre Yan was startled and directly rushed up!
However, he was instantly bounced off by a huge force!
“Mr Cheng ……” Patriarch Jiang and Jiang Yulian were both startled as well!
Both of them also instinctively wanted to run towards Chen Ping, but were stopped by Chen Ping “Don’t come over, I’m trapped in the spell formation, if you rush over, you’ll be sent flying!”
“How can this be?”
Patriarch Jiang’s face was full of puzzlement, he didn’t understand how a spell formation suddenly appeared in this deserted mountainous place.