“This …………”
Looking at the formation that had disappeared, Qian Yue and Brother Missy were both confused!
Especially Qian Yue, he was directly shocked and his head was buzzing, completely unable to believe what was in front of him!
The formation that he thought was unbreakable had been broken by Chen Ping with ease!
To know this formation, that Luan master spent a lot of energy to lay down, at that time, Qian Yue also tried, even if he used all his strength, there is no way to shake the formation in the slightest!
But now Chen Ping even easily gave the formation broken, this is also too outrageous!
He did not know how on earth Chen Ping had managed to do that.
“I told you, this formation can’t trap me at all!”
Chen Ping took a step towards that Qian Yue!
Qian Yue’s eyes were filled with terror as he kept retreating backwards!
Brother Missy, on the other hand, was trembling and could not take a single step!
At this moment both of them had despaired, even this formation could not trap Chen Ping, it was even more impossible for the two of them to stop Chen Ping!
“Do it, catch him ……”
Qian Yue yelled, and could only let those cultivators from the Qiu Mansion, make a move on Chen Ping!
Now, as long as they stalled Chen Ping and waited for Qiu Tint and Master Luan to arrive, they could take Chen Ping down in one fell swoop!
Seeing this, a dozen or so cultivators then struck out together towards Chen Ping!
Qian Yue and the youngest sister’s brother then panicked and ran out of the vein, leaping up and going straight to the top of the mountain!
These dozen or so cultivators of Qiu Fu were mostly of the third or fourth grade of the Ferrying Realm!
Chen Ping wouldn’t even put it in his eyes, but in order not to destroy the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, Chen Ping could only rush out of the vein’s entrance!
Seeing this, the dozen or so cultivators also chased out, they thought Chen Ping was afraid!
But just after rushing out of the mouth of the ore vein, they saw Chen Ping suspended in mid-air, quietly waiting for them!
The dozen or so cultivators looked at each other and then attacked towards Chen Ping!
“Hmph, a bunch of ignorant ants ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, followed by a palm gas blazing to fire, then swung out with a palm!
Boom!
The sky was filled with flames that instantly surrounded the dozen or so cultivators!
“Ah …………”
Miserable screams rang out one after another!
Those dozen or so cultivators were all burned by the to fire, and fell down below the cliff one after another!
The miserable screams drew Qian Yue and Missy’s brother to look back!
When they saw that the dozen or so Mahayana realm cultivators were annihilated by Chen Ping with a single slap, both of them almost peed in fear!
After running back to the top of the mountain, the youngest sister’s brother quickly ran to the place where Xiong Kua siblings and the youngest sister were imprisoned, and brought out the three people!
Brother Youngest Sister knew that the only thing that could save his life right now was these three people, and he intended to use the lives of these three people to threaten Chen Ping to let himself go!
Qian Yue thought the same way and pushed Xiong Cuo’s siblings and the youngest sister in front of him!
After Chen Ping had exterminated the dozen or so cultivators of the Qiu Family, his figure followed and landed on top of the mountain!
“Chen Ping, you quickly go, here is a trap, a trap for you ……”
After seeing Chen Ping, the youngest sister hurriedly shouted out!
The youngest sister did not know that the formation against Chen Ping, had long been broken by Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, let me off the hook, for the sake of my sister, she is still worried about you!”
Brother Missy said to Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, don’t move forward or I will kill all three of them!”
Qian Yue threatened Chen Ping with the lives of Xiong Gao’s siblings and Youngest Sister!
“What does it have to do with me if you kill all three of them? We are not relatives, if you kill them, it’s less people to share the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein with me!”
Chen Ping had a disinterested look on his face as he walked forward with his feet unceasingly!
Qian Yue looked flustered when he heard this, if the lives of these three people could not threaten Chen Ping, he did not know what else he could do to deal with Chen Ping!
“Kid, you’re finally here, I’ve been waiting for you for a long time ……”
Right at this moment, Qiu Tu’s voice rang out!