Huo Yuanting and Huo Dong looked at Gu Tianzhao’s dilemma, not to mention how embarrassed they were at the moment!
They also did not expect that Chen Ping’s art of formation was even more powerful than Gu Tianzhao!
“Kid, I didn’t expect you to be a formation master, but even if your formations are powerful, you won’t be able to leave from our Purple Flame Sect today!”
“A hundred years of offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, I’ll take it ……”
Huo Dong stepped forward and coldly looked at Chen Ping!
Huo Dong’s strength at the peak of the Ferrying Realm, not even at the Mahayana Realm, yet he dared to provoke Chen Ping, also because of the Divine Flame Seal in Huo Yuanting’s hand!
There was another point, that is, he didn’t believe that Chen Ping was smart in terms of natural talent, and that a Ferrying Realm 4th ranked cultivator would still be able to beat him at the peak of the Ferrying Realm!
As for the tragic death of that Elder Tu, it was entirely due to the demonic soul in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, which was not Chen Ping’s true strength!
“What, you still want to compete with me?”
When Chen Ping saw that Huo Dong coming forward, the corner of his mouth raised slightly and he said with a disdainful expression!
“Not bad, a hundred year old offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance is worthy of my hand!”
Huo Dong sneered!
“Just like you, it’s just a waste of time, that elder from the Ghost Face Sect isn’t even my opponent, what kind of a thing are you.”
“I think it’s better to let your father make a move, you’re still a bit unworthy!”
Chen Ping said contemptuously!
“Hmph, you’re also too crazy, whether I’m worthy or not, just try it and you’ll know!”
After Huo Dong finished speaking, he flew into mid-air with a whoosh and looked down at Chen Ping!
“Junior brother, don’t fall for it, this Huo Dong is very sinister, I’ll meet him ……”
Zhu Ling stopped Chen Ping and prepared to personally meet that Huo Dong!
Zhu Ling, who was at the ninth level of the Transition Realm, was not much worse than Huo Dong and could still fight after that Huo Dong!
“Senior sister, don’t worry, just like him, I’ll beat him to his knees and call him father.”
“Isn’t this kid always harassing you and molesting you? Today, I’ll mangle him so that he can’t molest a woman for the rest of his life.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Facing Huo Dong, Chen Ping was still sure of himself!
“You shouldn’t be careless, that Huo Dong obviously has Evil Kung Fu in his body, and they have the Divine Flame Seal in their hands, the Divine Flame Seal is capable of restraining the Supreme Flame, the Supreme Flame in your body will be useless when the time comes.”
The old Sect Master reminded Chen Ping!
Although Chen Ping had several types of Supreme Flames on his body, which the old Sect Master had also seen, but that Huo Yuan Ting had the Divine Flame Seal in his hand, and when it really came to the critical moment, this Divine Flame Seal would definitely allow Huo Dong to use it, and at that time, Chen Ping’s Supreme Flames would be useless!
“Old Sect Master don’t worry, even if the two of them come together, I am not afraid!”
Chen Ping said with a smile.
Although Chen Ping was bragging and everyone was able to hear it, but it was just so soothing for the Old Sect Master’s lineage to listen to Chen Ping bragging!
Especially Zhu Ling, looking at Chen Ping bragging, her eyes were filled with admiration!
“Junior Brother, Senior Sister believes in you, no matter what the outcome is, Senior Sister will stand with you!”
Zhu Ling said while making secret glances!
This almost made Huo Dong, who was in mid-air, angry!
It was fine for Chen Ping to brag and praise his father and son, but now Zhu Ling was giving Chen Ping secret glances in front of him!
He knew that Huo Dong had been thinking about Zhu Ling and wanted to get her into his hands!
As a result, he didn’t get his hands on her. Chen Ping had only been here for a few days, and Zhu Ling was about to throw herself at her!
“Chen Ping, don’t be such a f*cking mummy, if you have the ability to fight me to the death!”
Huo Dong roared angrily, and his body’s aura even erupted!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, gave his body a lurch and also instantly soared into the sky, and then hovered in mid-air, following Huo Dong from afar!
Huo Dong’s aura at the peak of the Transitional Revelation Realm erupted without any concealment!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was bursting out with the aura of the fourth grade of the Transition Realm, which was also his full strength!
For a while, black clouds swept across the sky, the wind howled around them, and an invisible pressure caused the many disciples of the Purple Flame Sect to retreat!
There were even disciples with low strength who directly turned pale and spat out blood!
This kind of duel of strength, that aftershock could kill many people!