“Hmph, you’re a little white boy, you’re also worthy of knowing Master Tiger, even if you’re the boss of Su’s group, Master Tiger doesn’t even give a D*mn!”
Chen Dogzi snorted coldly!
Chen Ping ignored him, but called Lin Tianhu directly!
“Mr. Chen ……” Lin Tianhu was in the provincial capital and got on the phone the first time!
“There is a man called Chen Gou in Anhe Town, he says he knows you, he is one of your men, do you know him?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Anhe Town?” Lin Tianhu pondered for a moment, “I don’t know him, I’m in charge of all the places below Hongcheng!”
“Ask your men, who knows this Chen Gou, now this kid is making a name for himself under the name of the Gathering Hall of Justice!”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice.
“Okay, I’ll check …… right away.”
After Lin Tianhu finished speaking, he hung up the phone and hurriedly checked.
Soon, Lin Tianhu’s call came back, “Mr. Chen, I’ve asked, Biaozi said he knows a guy named Chen Gou from Anhe Town, but he’s not very familiar with him!”
“Biaozi?” Chen Ping remembered, this Biaozi was the cousin of his own cla*smate Yuan Hua, who had cut off one of his own hands at the time!
“I’ll send you the location and ask him to come and deal with it personally!”
Chen Ping finished and sent a location over to Lin Tianhu!
“Chen Ping, are you done playing the f*cking p*ssy? I’m telling you, my men will be here soon, just wait for your death!”
Chen Dogzi said viciously.
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to him, but said to his second aunt’s family and his parents, “Let’s eat, ignore him!”
But in this situation, who could eat.
“Chen Ping, why don’t we go!” Chen Ping’s second aunt said with a face full of fear.
“Go, none of you are going to leave!” Chen Dogzi stood in the doorway and roared loudly!
“We don’t need to go, let’s talk after dinner, you don’t need to be afraid, Second Aunt!”
Chen Ping persuaded to his second aunt!
But no one was in the mood to eat anymore, no matter how much Chen Ping tried to persuade them!
After twenty minutes or so, a sudden clutter of footsteps rushed downstairs towards the stairs!
“My men are coming, wait for me!” Chen Dogzi had a smug look on his face!
At this, Chen Ping’s second aunt’s family, as well as Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo’s faces all turned pale!
Soon, a dozen men came pouring in with sticks and clubs, each tattooed and aggressive.
“Brother Dog, who has provoked you?”
One of them asked, turning to Doggy Chen.
“Keep an eye on this place, don’t let a single person go, I’m going to have a killing spree today!”
Chen Dogzi’s expression was fierce, and then he looked at Su Yuqi and said, “Miss Su, you’d better get out of the way, don’t splash you with blood later, don’t interfere in this matter, I believe your Su family doesn’t want to be an enemy of Master Tiger, right?”
“I don’t care!” Su Yuqi shook her head!
Chen Yingxia looked at Su Yuqi in shock, “Sister-in-law, you …… can’t just ignore it, or my brother will be dead!”
“Don’t worry, your brother has a great life!” Su Yuqi said with a smile!
This time, Chen Yingxia some dumbfounded, this if Su Yuqi does not care Chen Ping, then Chen Ping still have what backing!
Chen Ping’s second aunt didn’t know what to do at this point, she could only follow Chen Dogzi and said, “Little Chen, I’ll apologize to you for Chen Ping, don’t ……”
“Go away!” Chen Dogzi pushed Chen Ping’s second aunt to the side!
Chen Ping hurriedly stepped out to hold his second aunt, and then coldly looked at Chen Dogzi and said, “You’ve lost your last hope of living, so be good to yourself!”
“Don’t f*cking bluff me, I’m scared!” Chen Dogzi didn’t care at all and yelled, “Didn’t you bully your way into calling people too? Where are your men?”
“My men will be here soon!” Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Good, I’ll give you ten minutes, I’ll wait for your men to come, I want to see who dares to go against me in Anhe Town!”
Chen Dogzi moved a chair and sat down, coldly snorting!