Guo Wei looked at the scene in front of him and was directly confused, unable to understand what Chen Ping and the others were doing when death was on the line!
Soon, Su Yuqi’s blood entered Chen Ping’s body, and the blood in Chen Ping’s body began to boil.
Endless spiritual energy scurried everywhere within Chen Ping’s body, and even the dragon crystal, at this moment, had unexpectedly turned blood red.
Chen Ping’s entire body was filled with a manic blood aura!
Slowly raising his head, Chen Ping looked towards Guo Wei, his eyes were scarlet in colour, and the battle intent that erupted from his body directly suppressed Guo Wei’s aura!
Guo Wei’s heart shook as he looked at Chen Ping with a face full of shock.
He did not understand why Chen Ping, whose aura was obviously weak just now, had suddenly changed into a different person after sucking Su Yuqi’s blood.
The aura on his body was manic and his strength had obviously increased by a lot.
“If I were at the peak realm of Martial Sect, I would have killed you in one move ……”
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body skyrocketed, as dazzling as the sun on that hot summer day!
Guo Wei’s expression was Bing, he knew that what Chen Ping said was true.
Right now, Chen Ping was only just a first grade Martial Zong, and he was able to kill a seventh grade Martial Zong like Xuan Yuan Yan, and he was also able to fight several moves against himself, a peak Martial Zong.
If Chen Ping really reached the peak of Martial Sect, it would be terrifying, and by then I was afraid that even a half-step Martial Marquis would not be a match for Chen Ping, so to deal with Chen Ping, he would have to send out a Martial Marquis!
“You will never have the chance to reach the peak of Martial Sect, because today you will die ……”
Guo Wei said as his body erupted with a black light, the light from his entire body continuously converging towards the seal on Guo Wei’s chest.
This seal flickered at first, and in the end it became incredibly bright, and a huge energy spread out from that seal!
“Guo Wei, you have actually cultivated the Heavenly Demon Seal?”
Zhao Wuji looked at the seal on Guo Wei’s chest and his entire body said in shock.
Chen Ping didn’t know what the Heavenly Demon Seal was, but he could be certain that it must be very powerful!
Guo Wei’s body slowly hovered in mid-air, and the seal on his chest began to devour all the power around him, even the sunlight in the sky was absorbed, and soon dark clouds covered the sun and the sky went dark.
Feeling the pressure, Zhao Wuji’s body fell to the ground with a poof, the immense pressure made him unable to move at all!
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, on the other hand, gritted their teeth to death, resisting the oppressive pressure.
But soon, the mighty pressure on Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er disappeared, and Zhao Wuji climbed up from the ground.
Only Chen Ping’s body also slowly reached mid-air, and a golden light directly enveloped Su Yuqi and the others, blocking out that mighty pressure!
Su Yuqi and the others looked up as if there were two suns in the sky, one emitting a golden light while the other emitted a black light!
Su Yuqi and the others were protected by Chen Ping, but Xuan Yuan Rong, who had been at the side, was unlucky.
At this moment, Chen Ping resisted the pressure of Guo Wei’s body, and the Heart Condensation Technique in his body was running like mad, the manic aura in his body was constantly being filled up to his dantian, from which it radiated to the outside of his body.
The aura on Chen Ping’s body grew stronger and stronger, and golden light flashed around Chen Ping’s body.
Feeling the change in Chen Ping’s aura, Guo Wei frowned slightly, knowing that he could not delay any longer, or else Chen Ping’s strength would really rise to a terrifying level.
“Go to hell ……”
Guo Wei turned into a black lightning bolt and charged towards Chen Ping with an endless amount of powerful Qi.
Chen Ping looked grave, his muscles rippled, every part of his body contained endless spiritual energy, on the surface of his skin, layers of spiritual energy was like layers of transparent armor, facing Guo Wei, Chen Ping did not dare to simply use his physical body to resist.