“Of course I’m not begging you, I just want to do business with you ……”
Gu Tianzhao said!
“Doing business? What kind of business?” Chen Ping was instantly interested!
Although this Gu Tianzhao was pudgy and was so scared that he was about to pee at that moment, but at this moment, Chen Ping was wary of this Gu Tianzhao!
Because the look that this guy was showing at this moment was not the kind of coward!
Becoming a prisoner and still having the heart to do business proved that this guy was not simple minded!
Perhaps some of what they had seen before were just appearances!
“I hope you can help me become the sect master of the Two Yi Sect.”
Gu Tianzhao said bluntly!
Chen Ping was stunned, this guy was an elder of the Two Yi Sect, and now this was to become the Sect Master!
But how did he find himself?
“How do you know I can help you? And how do you know that I have that ability?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Your art of formation is the most awesome I have ever seen, and you will definitely help me because I have this in my hand.”
After saying that, Gu Tianzhao made a move of his palm, and surprisingly, from within his storage space, he took out a dark red crystal stone!
When Chen Ping saw that crystal stone, he froze at once, as he did not recognise this kind of crystal stone!
The aura emitted by this kind of crystal stone was many times stronger than a spirit stone!
“Blood Jade? How could this guy have a blood jade in his hand that is only found in the Heavenly Realm?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord was also surprised after seeing that dark red crystal!
“Senior, what is a blood jade? Is it only found in the Heavenly Realm?”
As soon as Chen Ping heard about something from the Heavenly Realm, he immediately said excitedly!
“This is a type of Immortal Jade from the Heavenly Realm, for formation masters, this kind of thing is a major resource for sensing formations and enhancing their strength.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord explained!
There weren’t many formation masters in the Celestial Realm, and it was impossible to have a resource like blood jade, which was only found in the Celestial Realm!
Hearing the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s explanation, Chen Ping’s face grew more and more excited!
“This kind of thing is a treasure for formation masters, and as you know, after breaking through the Transition Realm, cultivators who reach the Mahayana Realm are already considered to be half-immortal, and slowly the aura in their bodies will be transformed into Immortal Aura as well.”
“It’s just that by the time they ascend, the immortal qi in their body will be very scarce, but with this kind of thing, the array master can replenish a large amount of immortal qi.”
“Of course, this kind of thing also needs to be used by a high-level formation master, if the level is too low and only at the Harmonisation realm, it will be useless at all.”
Gu Tianzhao followed Chen Ping as he explained, but since the beginning, he did not talk to Chen Ping about what this thing was called and where it came from!
“Blood Jade, a kind of Immortal Jade from the Heavenly Realm, the most basic resource for Formation Masters, not bad indeed!”
Chen Ping said with a feigned calm demeanour!
Gu Tianzhao froze, and his entire body stared with wide eyes, full of incredulity!
“How do you …… you know all this? This is impossible!”
Gu Tianzhao couldn’t figure out how Chen Ping knew!
To know, this kind of thing, only their Two Yi Sect had it, and the reason why their Two Yi Sect’s formation art could be so high and powerful was also because of this blood jade!
“I know far more than even your imagination, this kind of blood jade is not considered to be any extreme immortal jade in the Celestial Realm, but it is considered to be a supreme treasure in the Celestial Realm.”
“But a single blood jade, and you want me to help you become the Two Yi Sect Master, aren’t you overthinking it!”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
In fact, Chen Ping had already agreed inwardly, with the Blood Jade, Chen Ping would definitely soar in terms of formations!
Only, Chen Ping could not show too much excitement, it was now at the point of bargaining!
Chen Ping had to stay calm at this moment!
Gu Tianzhao frowned slightly, originally, he wanted to brag about this blood jade so that Chen Ping would treat it as a supreme treasure and then use it to get Chen Ping’s help!