“You can’t leave, it’s so hard to get in, how can you leave!”
Ji Meiyan doesn’t leave, instead she looks at the old man and says “Tai Zu, even though he’s not a member of the Ji family, he’s still considered half a member of the Ji family, you can’t kick him out.”
“Half of the Ji family?”
The old man opened his eyes again!
“Yes, half of the Ji family, he’s now my man, the son-in-law of our Ji family, of course he’s considered half of the Ji family, we’re already husband and wife.”
Ji Meiyan said as she stepped forward and crossed Chen Ping’s arm!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded, he did not expect Ji Meiyan to find this excuse!
“Nonsense, do you think I am a fool? You are clearly still a virgin, how can you be a couple with him.”
The old man immediately said angrily!
“We are husband and wife, if you don’t believe me, I’ll prove it to you ……”
Ji Meiyan said, pulling Chen Ping up and walking away!
Walking directly inside a room next to the main hall, Ji Meiyan began to undress!
“Miss Ji, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping was startled by Ji Meiyan!
“We have to be husband and wife now for this to work, or else you’re going to be kicked out.”
Ji Meiyan said to Chen Ping!
“Miss Ji, I can’t ruin your reputation for myself, I can’t do that.”
Chen Ping hurriedly turned around!
“You’re a big man, why are you so motherly, I’m not afraid, what are you afraid of?”
“Don’t worry about it, I know you have many women, even if we sleep together, I don’t want you to be responsible.”
Ji Meiyan said while undressing!
Soon Ji Meiyan appeared naked in front of Chen Ping and also went up to hug Chen Ping!
Chen Ping a normal man, who could stand this!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and directly pressed Ji Meiyan underneath him!
A pleasant sound came out from the room, and the Ji Family’s Great Ancestor sat in the middle of the hall and sighed helplessly!
“Time has changed, how has today’s society become like this, girls don’t know how to cherish themselves anymore.”
“Taking this matter of men and women so lightly, not taking it seriously at all.”
“Sad, sad ah …………”
The Ji Family’s Great Ancestor was filled with helplessness, but there was nothing he could do, this was the development and change of the times!
If in their time, women were so frivolous and didn’t care about their bodies in the slightest, they were to be dipped in a piggy bank.
After an unknown amount of time, Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan walked out from inside the room!
Ji Meiyan’s face was red and her expression was very satisfied!
However, Chen Ping was a little embarrassed, after all, it was more or less embarrassing to play with someone’s heavy granddaughter in front of someone’s Great Ancestor!
“Tai Ancestor, now he can stay in our Ji Family Ancestral Land, right?”
Ji Meiyan asked!
“Hey, it’s just, it’s just, go in, go in ……”
The old man had no choice but to wave his hand!
“Many thanks, Tai Ancestor, please also open the ancestral land passageway ……”
Ji Meiyan said happily as soon as she heard that the Great Ancestor had agreed!
Only to see the Great Ancestor say “The two of you collect your minds, let go of the taboos in your bodies, and don’t think nonsense!”
The Great Ancestor said, his hands slowly lifted up, a blood-red light in that the Great Ancestor’s hands gathered!
Immediately after, at the back of the great hall, an oval shaped light door appeared.
“Go in ……,” said the Great Ancestor!
“Thanks a lot!” Ji Meiyan said, pulling Chen Ping towards that light!
“What does this light door lead to? Could it be a spatial technique?”
Chen Ping did not understand, was the light door that suddenly appeared going to send them away?
“Don’t worry, it’s not a spatial spell, it’s just sending us into the ancestral land!”
“This hall is just the outer perimeter of the ancestral land, the real ancestral land is within a huge formation, otherwise those masterless origins would have returned to heaven and earth a long time ago.”
“It’s just that this formation has lasted for hundreds of years and probably has some breakages, so every time the Ancestral Ground opens, some of the Masterless Origin will rush out of the Ancestral Ground and then be absorbed by Heaven and Earth!”
“That stranded origin aura we felt during the day was rushed out from within this ancestral land formation.”
Ji Meiyan explained to Chen Ping!