First of all, no matter what was said, Chen Ping had healed Xiao Feng and became the guest of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Xiao Yuan Shan had personally said that he would protect Chen Ping!
Moreover, Chen Ping still had the token of Xiao Imperial Dynasty in his hand, as long as Ouyang Wu Feng was not stupid, he would not offend Chen Ping!
After all, the Xiao Dynasty was the largest force in the Western Region, occupying nearly one third of the Western Region in terms of area alone!
How could the small Pill God Island compare to Xiao Dynasty?
Seeing that Ouyang Wufeng was so polite to Chen Ping, everyone was baffled!
Especially those Law Enforcement Deacons kneeling on the ground as well as the South Square Five!
All five of them were stupefied and full of incredulity!
They didn’t understand what was going on?
Chen Ping was just a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm!
How could he make Ouyang Wu Feng so polite?
Could it be that Chen Ping had a huge power behind him?
Thinking about all of this, cold sweat instantly broke out on the foreheads of the five South Square warriors!
Elder Miao was also looking at Chen Ping with shock at the moment, he also did not understand how Chen Ping could make the young lord of Pill God Island so respectful?
One must know that this Medicine God Island was located in a remote area, and Chen Ping had never been here before!
What in the world is going on here?
“These five guys, bullying men and women to run roughshod over them, I only slightly stepped in to stop them, but I didn’t want these law enforcement deacons to arrest me and lock me up without asking!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Ouyang Wufeng of course knew the South Place Five’s behaviour, and only beat a few of them for bullying, except that a few of them were able to work for the Ouyang family, so they turned a blind eye!
But now, the five had actually offended Chen Ping, Ouyang Wufeng could not pretend to be blind!
“You few bast*rds, it’s not good to mess with anyone, you even dared to mess with Taoist Chen, he’s an honoured guest of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“Xiao Emperor’s son’s illness was cured by Fellow Daoist Chen, Emperor Xiao has already sent word that whoever dares to mess with Fellow Daoist Chen will be beheaded without mercy!”
Ouyang Wufeng angrily rebuked the South Square Five!
The moment these five fellows heard that Chen Ping had actually cured Emperor Xiao and had even become an honoured guest of the Xiao Dynasty, they instantly fell to their knees in fear!
The crowd also finally understood why Ouyang Wufeng was so polite to Chen Ping, a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm!
It turned out that Chen Ping had the Xiao Imperial Dynasty behind him, so of course he had to be polite!
“Mr Chen, we have no eyes and deserve to die for our sins ……”
The five South Square warriors kowtowed desperately!
The few Law Enforcement Deacons were also trembling, terrified!
If they knew that Chen Ping was backed by the Xiao Dynasty, if they were given a hundred guts, they wouldn’t have dared to make a move against Chen Ping!
Not to mention scolding them, even if they were to slap them twice, they wouldn’t dare to move!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, if you don’t take out your anger, these guys, you can do whatever you want!”
Ouyang Wufeng said as he pointed at those law enforcement deacons and the Five Heroes of South Place kneeling on the ground!
That is, one word from Chen Ping could make these people die at any time!
However, Chen Ping was able to tell what Ouyang Wu Feng meant, he did not want these people to die!
The reason why he said this was also just to give Chen Ping enough face in public!
Chen Ping also went down the slope and said, “Let’s forget about today’s matter, I hope that we will just be more disciplined in the future!”
Chen Ping did not strike at all, much less kill these people!
“Definitely, after I go back, I will definitely exercise strict discipline!”
Ouyang Wu Feng nodded!
Ouyang Wu Feng then left with the crowd!
Those who had originally wanted to watch Chen Ping’s antics, one by one, all came together!
Since Chen Ping was able to cure Prince Xiao’s illness, he must be an excellent healer!
Many people wanted Chen Ping’s help and offered him a lot of money!
There were also people who wanted to follow Chen Ping to get close and build relationships!
After all, Chen Ping had the Xiao Dynasty behind him, and to be friends with Chen Ping would be like leaning on a big tree!
Seeing the chaotic crowd, Chen Ping had a big headache and could only take Liu Ruyan and Miao Lao and leave quickly!
Chen Ping directly brought Elder Miao and Miao Miao Miao to his residence!