Kyoto, Red Lotus Palace.
Ji Ruxue, Gu Ling’er, Wu Mei’er, Xiao Lan …………
When the girls knew that Chen Ping was coming back to Kyoto, they all waited happily at the entrance of the Red Lotus Palace!
Because they knew that when Chen Ping came back, he would definitely come to see them at the Red Lotus Palace!
Ever since Chen Ping had found a place around Kyoto for Ji Ruxue and moved the Red Lotus Palace over, Gu Ling’er and the girls had been living in the Red Lotus Palace!
After all, the Red Lotus Palace was all girls, so it was easier to live there, and they could also chat and such every day.
Just as the many girls were waiting, Chen Ping and the others got off the plane, and just as they walked out of the airport, Chen Ping was stopped by two uniformed law enforcement officers!
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Shi wants to see you, please come with us!”
The two team members politely said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he had just returned and had wanted to meet Gu Ling’er and the girls, but now Mr. Shi had sent someone to stop him right at the airport!
But since it was Mr. Shi who was looking for them, Chen Ping had no way to refuse, so he could only let Hu Ma Zi and the others go back first!
Chen Ping followed the two team members to the car, and then asked somewhat strangely, “Where’s Captain Xing?”
It was because normally if Mr. Shi wanted to see Chen Ping, it was always Xing Jun himself who would come out.
But this time, he had only sent two of his team members, which made Chen Ping a little strange!
Chen Ping’s words caused the two team members’ faces to look sad for a while, but no one said anything!
But looking at the faces of the two team members, Chen Ping’s heart had a bad feeling!
When the car arrived at the Protector Pavilion, Chen Ping got out and saw the Protector Pavilion Master Zhao Wuji waiting at the entrance!
When he saw Chen Ping arrive, he hurriedly greeted him and said, “Mr. Chen ……”
“Pavilion Master Zhao, did something happen to Captain Xing?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Zhao Wuji.
Zhao Wuji looked around and then nodded, “Mr. Shi is also angry about this, Captain Xing was crippled and his life or death is still unknown ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, his brow instantly furrowed, “Who did this?”
Chen Ping couldn’t understand that there was someone else who dared to take action against the law enforcement team, knowing that the law enforcement team was under the personal command of Mr. Shi, who dared to provoke Mr. Shi?
“You’d better let Mr Shi talk to you, he’s waiting for you inside!”
Zhao Wuji brought Chen Ping in front of the room, and then left!
There were some things that were not for him, the Protector Pavilion Master, to know.
Chen Ping walked into the room and saw Mr. Shi smoking, and his face was very ugly!
“Take a seat ……”
Mr Shi said indifferently when he saw Chen Ping arrive.
Chen Ping respectfully sat in front of Mr. Shi, Chen Ping himself didn’t know what was going on, he always had a nervous feeling in front of Mr. Shi.
“Mr. Shi, Captain Xing he …………”
Chen Ping did not know what to ask.
“He can’t die ……” Mr. Shi took a hard drag on his cigarette, then stomped the butt fiercely under his foot, “Do you know how Captain Xing was injured?”
Chen Ping shook his head.
“He was injured by Kawaguchi Kazuo, and the Watanabe family has now openly started fighting against us in order to take revenge.”
Mr Shi said!
When Chen Ping heard this, his face instantly flashed with unbridled anger!
The Watanabe family had never given up their pursuit of him, only that Mr. Shi had stopped them, so the Watanabe family could not even cross the border if they wanted to a*sa*sinate Chen Ping!
But this time, that Kawaguchi Kazuo had dared to injure Xing Jun, so that was proof that the face had been torn apart!
Instead of sneaking around, he was openly coming after Chen Ping!
“These guys, they deserve to die ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, anger burning in his body, his breath rising up!
Mr. Shi felt Chen Ping’s aura and said with slight surprise, “An eighth grade Grand Martial Marquis now?”
Chen Ping nodded, and then told Mr. Shi after the matter of obtaining the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu at the South Lake!