“The status of these elders is getting lower and lower now, the alliance master scolds them at every turn, it seems that this elder is not good to be ……”
Another guard said with a sigh.
“You don’t know, the alliance master has been going out a lot these days, and every time he comes back he brings back some experts, all Martial Marquis, and he doesn’t know where he found them.”
“No wonder these few elders are always scolded and their status is getting lower and lower, it seems that strength is still the priority ……”
“No, I guess it won’t be long before these elders and councilors are replaced, after the death of Councilor Guo, there is no one who can even take the place.”
The two guards were chatting when they suddenly felt a bitter killing intent coming from not too far away, the two men shivered and hurriedly turned their heads to look into the distance.
Only to see a figure slowly appearing, walking towards the Martial Alliance at a steady pace.
“Stop, who are you? This is an important place for the Martial Dao Alliance, no idle people are allowed to approach ……”
One of the guards yelled at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked calm and did not say a word, still walking towards the Martial Dao Alliance.
This time, Chen Ping annoyed the two guards.
“Stop right there, or we won’t be polite ……”
The other guard also yelled loudly.
Only then did Chen Ping stop himself, and then slowly turned his gaze towards the two men.
It was with this look that the two guards felt cold all over, as if they had fallen into an ice cave.
“I’ll give you a chance to get out immediately ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
The two guards froze and looked at each other before asking, “Who the hell are you? Why are you barging into my Martial Alliance?”
“Chen Ping …………”
Chen Ping slowly spoke his name.
When Chen Ping said his name, the two guards’ eyes instantly went round, their throats rolled and they kept swallowing saliva.
Their bodies kept shaking, and a yellowish liquid oozed out from underneath one of them!
Chen Ping gave the two men a disdainful glance, then walked straight towards the interior of the Martial Alliance.
The two guards did not dare to stop, and even more so, they did not dare to speak.
Only after Chen Ping walked into the Martial Dao Alliance did the two guards come back to their senses, turn around and run.
They knew that if they stayed here, they were afraid that they would die a horrible death!
Chen Ping walked into the Martial Dao Alliance and looked around with his eyes, it was the first time he had walked into the place openly and honestly through the main entrance.
But as soon as Chen Ping stepped into the Martial Dao Alliance, there was a strong murderous aura floating up!
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly closed and a divine sense instantly headed deeper into the Martial Alliance.
However, Chen Ping’s divine sense had just been emitted when it was suddenly cut off by an extremely domineering aura.
Chen Ping’s body trembled as he opened his eyes violently.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s face was ugly and his brows were tightly knitted together.
He had just entered the Martial Alliance this time, and he had unexpectedly encountered such a powerful aura.
It had cut through his divine sense almost effortlessly.
“It seems that this Martial Dao Alliance is really deep and hidden, not like what it appears to be ……”
Chen Ping muttered, but since he was already here, Chen Ping would not back down!
The first was a courtyard surrounded by ancient houses, and after pa*sing through an archway, there was a hall with a number of rooms on either side.
Chen Ping walked through the courtyard and arrived at the hall, but he did not encounter a single person, which made Chen Ping feel very strange.
Chen Ping stood in the centre of the hall and looked around, wanting to radiate his divine sense to probe a little more, but in the end he gave up.
Instead of wasting his spiritual energy, he might as well just roar twice and hand over Zhu Zhishan.
Chen Ping believed that Zhu Zhishan must have known that he had come, otherwise the Martial Alliance would have let people barge in at random and no one would have stopped them.
“Old Zhu Zhishan, get out of here, I’ve come to ask you for someone ……”
Chen Ping roared so hard that the entire hall buzzed!