But just a short while ago, Chen Ping’s strength was simply despised by Ning Caixin, and now Ning Caixin had been crushed by Chen Ping!
This was talent, Ning Caichen, as the head of the family, desperately used all sorts of resources to cultivate, and in the end, it was not as fast as Chen Ping’s rate of improvement!
“Ning family head, you’re not bad either, now that you’ve broken through the Transition Realm, you should have reached the third rank of the Transition Realm cultivation right ?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Ning Caichen said with slight embarrassment, “I just broke through to the third rank a few days ago, compared to Mr Chen, it’s really a shame. ……”
Chen Ping looked at the old man beside Ning Caichen and asked “Ning family master, who is this?”
“Oh, this is an old ancestor of our Ning Family, who has not been out in the world for many years, this time he just came with me to the Heavenly Demon Mountain for a turn ……”
Ning Caichen said!
Chen Ping nodded his head slightly towards that old man and smiled, considered it a greeting!
However, that old man’s face was expressionless, and there was no colour to speak of in his eyes!
It looked like it gave off a feeling of deadness, but Chen Ping did not care too much about it, after all, this was a person from the Ning family, and he did not have any interactions following him!
After following Ning Caixin for a while, Chen Ping left with Fire Phoenix following Ji Yun!
But just after walking for a short while, Chen Ping suddenly stopped, followed by a shocked face “I remember who this breath is like, like that Ning Zhi ……”
Chen Ping rushed back, wanting to find Ning Caixin, in a careful feeling of the breath on that old man, you Ning Caixin has led people away!
“Mr Chen, what are you talking about? Who is that Ning Zhi?”
Ji Yun didn’t know about Chen Ping in the secular world, so he didn’t know who Ning Zhi was either!
Instead, it was the fire phoenix that was a bit puzzled “Master, who are you saying has an aura like that Ning Zhi?”
“Just now that Ning Family Ancestor, the aura on him felt familiar to me but I didn’t think of it, now that I think of it, that aura follows Ning Zhi very similarly.”
The reason why Chen Ping didn’t think of it at first was because he didn’t think of Ning Zhi at all!
Ning Zhi was already dead and was still from the secular realm, how could he possibly follow the Celestial Realm!
“Master, isn’t that Ning Zhi already dead? Besides, if he’s not dead, I’m afraid he wouldn’t be able to appear here… Has Ning Zhi become your heart demon, making you feel wrong?”
“That’s simply impossible, that old man just now was an old ancestor of the Ning Clan, he should be several hundred years old, it couldn’t possibly be that Ning Zhi.”
Fire Phoenix persuaded Chen Ping!
“It could be that I am feeling wrong.”
Chen Ping was also a little less convinced, after all, Ning Zhi followed the Ning Clan’s Old Ancestor, and couldn’t hit him with eight poles ah!
However, for Ning Zhi, Chen Ping also admired this guy from the bottom of his heart, stalking himself for a very long time, Chen Ping was also considered to have watched step by step as Ning Zhi desperately grew up!
Speaking of which, Ning Zhi is also considered to be an extremely talented guy, only that he chose to follow Chen Ping against, it is destined to not have a lot of results!
Chen Ping didn’t hang around, but took Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix back!
Seeing Chen Ping return, Cai Hongwei and Elder Miao rushed to welcome him!
“Mr Chen, how was it ah, we heard that it’s not easy to get a token to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield this time ah.”
Both of them were worried that Chen Ping would abandon them!
If there was no way to get a token, then they wouldn’t be able to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, and then this time would be a wasted run!
And several people had died halfway!
“Boss Cai, Elder Miao, don’t worry, the token to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield only requires spirit coins and resources to get it, you don’t need to worry about any of these things, I’ll have Ji Yun prepare the token with you when the time comes.”
“But VIP tokens aren’t easy to get, I only have one right now, or it was given to me by a Demon Race friend.”
Chen Ping said with a slight apology!