“Mutiny?” Qi Peijia also froze, then looked at Chen Ping in the mid-air, instantly understood “You guys were fooled, where is the person who transited the robbery is me, are you guys blind?”
Qi Peijia said, Zou Qi and others in the mid-air look!
Found that at this time Chen Ping has changed his appearance, a golden armour covered in the whole body, a horrible breath spread in all directions!
The entire person was like a god of war, his eyes were wide open, the golden dragon behind him appeared, constantly emitting dragon roars!
The golden dragon roared as it rushed towards the Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation and opened its bloody mouth, unexpectedly swallowing the Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation directly!
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed as the Origin Stars within his body continued to flicker, the Lightning Origin Stars emitted a piercing light, and the Lightning Origin surged wildly!
A huge suction force began to absorb the Origin Breath within that Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation!
Zou Qi, who was watching all of this, was directly dumbfounded, he did not expect that the Qi Pei A just now, was actually Chen Ping’s illusion!
It was all his fault for being careless, at that time he was attacked by a demonic beast and was so wary that he didn’t notice it!
And Qi Peijia looked at Chen Ping in mid-air!
“How is that possible? He’s only a small cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm, how could he have triggered the Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation? This is impossible ……”
“What the hell is going on here? Who the hell is this guy?”
Qi Peijia was a little confused!
Ever since he had received a miraculous encounter in the Devil Swallowing Cave, he had always thought that he was the most gifted person on the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
But now that he saw Chen Ping, Qi Peijia developed deep doubts!
The Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation was refined and absorbed by Chen Ping, and the thunder tribulation clouds in the sky were slowly dispersing!
Along with the dissipation of the thunder tribulation cloud, a seven-coloured light unexpectedly shot straight up into the clouds directly from within that great hall!
The seven-coloured light shone on Chen Ping’s body, making Chen Ping’s golden armour even more blinding!
Chen Ping looked down and saw that the seven-coloured light was emanating from the spirit beast egg!
To be exact, it was no longer a Spirit Beast egg, but a little guy that was only the size of a palm!
The little guy was shaped like a lion, with antlers on his head and a furry body!
Chen Ping slowly fell down from mid-air, and after letting out a long breath, he stared dead on at the little guy in front of him!
“Little Qilin Beast, not bad ……”
Chen Ping looked over carefully and then smiled!
Chen Ping reached out and touched on that little Qilin Beast, but just after he touched it, he was bitten by that little guy on his finger, and blood flowed out directly!
“sh*t, I am your master, how dare you bite me?”
Chen Ping hurriedly retracted his hand and glared angrily at that little Qilin Beast!
The little Qilin Beast then licked the blood that flowed out from Chen Ping, followed by a hiss!
With such a small body, the hissing roar actually resounded throughout the mountain peak, and the terrifying aura almost caused Chen Ping to fall directly to the ground!
And a golden glow began to emanate from the little Qilin Beast, a familiar aura coming towards Chen Ping!
“Isn’t this my aura?”
Chen Ping was stunned, and then snapped to understand, just now that little Qilin Beast bit himself, it turned out that he was trying to swallow the blood to recognise his master, so that the little Qilin Beast had Chen Ping’s aura on it!
“I’m sorry, I misjudged you, only this tiny body of yours, there’s no way to be a mount ah.”
“For your sake, I have almost consumed my body, and now I don’t even have the strength to walk.”
Chen Ping took the little Qilin Beast in his hand and said very helplessly!
The little Qilin Beast even spat out its tongue towards Chen Ping and ran back into the storage ring with a turn of its body!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only smile helplessly and didn’t bother with it, he couldn’t let a palm-sized Qilin beast carry himself!
For the time being, I will keep it, and it will grow up after a while!
By the time he had a spirit beast mount, he was afraid that he would be able to travel flat out in the Celestial Realm!