Tang Sect!
In a grand hall, several elders sat solemnly, these were the elders of the Tang Sect, with the one in the centre being the Grand Elder, Tang Zhonghai!
Before these elders lay Tang Xiaoyi’s body, split in two.
The two cultivators who had accompanied Tang Xiaoyi were now kneeling in the hall, heads bowed, not daring to speak a word!
The Tang Sect’s young master had been cleaved in half by a single sword strike, and these two had failed to protect him, they certainly bore responsibility!
The Heaven-Climbing Ladder wouldn’t descend for some time yet, so the Tang Sect had sent Tang Xiaoyi ahead to Wuwang Land with just these two attendants!
Who could’ve expected this outcome?
“That Chen Ping truly killed the young master with a single sword strike at the third-grade Mahayana realm?” Tang Zhonghai asked, his expression icy!
“Yes!” one of the kneeling cultivators nodded!
“What were you two doing when you were supposed to protect the young master?”
“Two Transcendent Immortals, yet you were scared witless by a mere third-grade Mahayana cultivator?” Tang Zhonghai demanded angrily!
“Grand Elder, we initially underestimated Chen Ping’s strength, so we didn’t pay much attention.”
“By the time we realised, the young master had already been pierced by a sword. That strike was so fast, we couldn’t even see it clearly!” the kneeling cultivator said, trembling!
“Then why didn’t you two avenge the young master?” Tang Zhonghai pressed on!
“Even together, we feared we wouldn’t be a match for that Chen Ping. Besides, the young master’s body was left exposed in the wilderness, we had to bring it back!” the cultivator replied, head still lowered, avoiding the Grand Elder’s gaze!
“Hiding his strength, this Chen Ping is indeed no simple figure, no wonder the Huo family would rather offer 200,000 immortal spirit stones than take action themselves.”
“What do you think Chen Ping’s true strength might be?” Tang Zhonghai asked!
“Second-grade Transcendent Immortal…” one of the cultivators said!
“No, I think it could even be third-grade Transcendent Immortal!” the other kneeling cultivator chimed in!
“Third-grade Transcendent Immortal?” Tang Zhonghai slowly stood, “Hiding an entire major realm, what’s this kid up to? Playing the pig to eat the tiger?”
“Big Brother, what do we do next? Should we avenge the young master?” an elder asked at that moment!
“Third Brother, don’t you find this whole thing suspicious? Why would this Chen Ping hide such a massive leap in strength?”
“And we still don’t know if Chen Ping has any other forces backing him. If we rashly seek revenge, it could disrupt our later plans,” Grand Elder Tang Zhonghai said, frowning!
“Then what? Are we just going to sit back and watch the young master’s tragic death without doing anything? If the Sect Leader comes out of seclusion, we’ll all be punished for sure,” the Third Elder said!
“Why the rush? I never said we wouldn’t take revenge. For now, report the young master’s death to the Qian Sect and the Ling Sect, and let them step in.”
“Tell them the Sect Leader is in seclusion, and we can’t make decisions on such a major matter.”
“The Ling Sect will definitely act. After all, the current Ling Sect Leader is the young master’s uncle, he won’t just stand by and do nothing while his nephew lies dead,” the Grand Elder said, his eyes narrowing!
“Big Brother, you’re using the Ling Sect as the spearhead?” the Third Elder asked!
“Exactly. No matter Chen Ping’s true strength or what backing he has, once the Ling Sect makes a move, everything about him will come to light.”
“If Chen Ping has no real background or strength and gets killed by the Ling Sect, that’ll avenge the young master.”
“But if Chen Ping does have backing and the Ling Sect can’t handle him, we’ll sit back and watch, waiting for the Sect Leader to emerge.”
“This way, no matter the outcome, the blame won’t fall on us,” the Grand Elder explained!
The Third Elder’s eyes lit up, “Big Brother, you’re as clever as ever. Let’s do it!”
Soon, a surge of energy shot up from the Tang Sect, vanishing into the horizon!