As for Qi Peijia, his entire body was like a bloody man, while at his feet were countless corpses of demonic beasts!
Liu Xueyi came late and looked at the scene in front of him, he could only swallow his saliva, not daring to say a word!
At this moment, just now, Qi Peijia’s battle against the beasts had attracted quite a few cultivators to come, many of which were demonic cultivators!
But those human cultivators saw Qi Peijia’s demonic aura rising from his body, and after looking at the corpses of the demonic beasts on the ground, they all left in fear!
If this guy went crazy and exterminated all of them, the human cultivators, it would be troublesome!
However, those demonic cultivators were all full of excitement, with so many demonic beasts, there was a lot of beast dan!
Moreover, these demonic beasts had been growing up in the Divine Demon Battlefield, and the beast dan was much better than the beast dan in the outside world!
These demonic cultivators were frantically picking up the Beast Dans, Qi Peijia acted as if he didn’t see them, and didn’t care about the Beast Dans!
These demonic beasts were all killed by him, but Qi Peijia didn’t want these beast dans!
Seeing this, Liu Xueyi also hurriedly followed and picked up the pieces!
Qi Peijia stared blankly into the distance, an eye appeared above his brow, he activated the Heavenly Underworld Eyes once again, the entire world became dim, and the direction that Chen Ping had fled was visible to Qi Peijia!
Soon, the eye on Qi Peijia’s forehead slowly disappeared, his eyes slightly condensed, full of murderous aura, “Within this God and Demon Battlefield, you don’t want to pull out of the palm of my hand …….”
Qi Peijia finished speaking and headed in the direction that Chen Ping had fled!
Numerous devil cultivators saw this and followed, they intended to follow behind Qi Peijia and pick up some treasures as well!
There was no more order within the Divine Demon Battlefield, so these demonic cultivators had to stick together, or else they would easily be decimated by the cultivators of the other clans!
The same goes for the human race and the beast race, all of them are looking for companions to travel with, otherwise they will easily be slaughtered if they fight alone!
Chen Ping was currently sitting on a boulder resting, not expecting that Qi Peijia would be able to come after him!
But just as Chen Ping was resting, he suddenly felt someone approaching and instantly raised his guard!
But when the people came closer, Chen Ping then put his heart down, it turned out that these people were all members of the Ning family, and Ning Caichen was also among them!
Seeing Chen Ping, Ning Caichen said with slight excitement “Mr Chen, I didn’t expect to be able to run into you, I heard that you got the VIP token and entered early, I don’t know if there is any gain?”
Chen Ping shook his head “Not much gain, this God and Demon Battlefield doesn’t seem to be as easy as imagined, and the God and Demon Battlefield is a huge area, wanting to find treasures is not simple …… ”
“Do you guys have any gains?” Chen Ping asked.
“We also just found some immortal grasses, killed some demonic beasts and got some beast dans, and there are no special treasures.”
“I wonder if Mr Chen has a companion? If not, we can travel in company, within this Divine Demon Battlefield, all sorts of rules don’t exist, and it’s dangerous for a person to fight alone.”
Ning Caichen was very enthusiastic in inviting Chen Ping to join him!
“No need, I’m used to being alone by myself, if we travelled in pairs, maybe you won’t get anything ……”
Chen Ping politely refused Ning Caichen’s good intentions!
“Mr Chen, if we travelled together, we could ……”
Ning Caichen wanted to fight for Chen Ping a little while longer, after all, Chen Ping had entered the Divine Demon Battlefield first for three days, so he definitely knew more than them!
“Cai Chen, since people aren’t willing, don’t force them ……”
At this time, Ning Zhi spoke up!
Ning Caichen hurriedly bowed his head and said “I know, Old Ancestor ……”
Chen Ping glanced at Ning Zhi and then explained “Truth be told, I have offended quite a few people in this Divine Demon Battlefield, and if I were to be paired up with you, I would definitely be implicated.”
As Chen Ping spoke, a strand of divine sense inadvertently travelled towards Ning Zhi!