And from that high bulge, an inflamed dragon covered in flames rose up into the air!
The body of the Inferno Dragon still had Ning Zhi’s precious sword stuck into it.
The moment the Inferno Dragon appeared, the air around it seemed to be drained all at once, the trees and flowers all withered, and the temperature suddenly rose.
Looking at the tens of metres long Inferno Dragon, Ning Zhi’s and Gu Kaiyuan’s faces all turned a little ugly!
Chen Ping also felt shocked, that ice dragon at that time was just an ice dragon formed by someone who had cast a formation on the dragon crystal, to put it mildly the ice dragon was not a real dragon!
But this hot dragon with its eyes wide open and its body burning with flames was a real dragon!
From the aura emanating from this Inferno Dragon, one could feel a deep sense of oppression!
“Ning …… Ning Gongzi, what should we do?”
Looking at this frightening Inferno Dragon in front of him, Gu Kaiyuan was a little scared!
Ning Zhi was also frowning, they really hadn’t expected that the Inferno Dragon would be so huge and that the aura emanating from it would be able to suppress them to death.
“How the f*ck do I know what to do!”
Ning Zhi cursed.
They had mistakenly thought that Chen Ping had killed the Ice Dragon and taken out the Dragon Crystal at that moment, which proved that the Ice Dragon and Inferno Dragon on Dragonlock Island weren’t very powerful.
Now that the two of them had joined forces, they were much stronger than Chen Ping at that time, and with the magic weapon in their hands, they could handle an Inferno Dragon more than adequately!
But who knew that this Inferno Dragon would be such a behemoth, and very powerful too!
The dragon’s body shook slightly in mid-air and the sword it was carrying fell off, followed by a heavenly god-like pressure over the heads of several people!
In an instant, it was as if heaven and earth had melted into one, and all the power of heaven and earth was pressing down on several people.
Pfft, pfft …………
Without the slightest ability to resist, Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan simply slumped to the ground, their bodies unable to move!
And Chen Ping’s body was emitting golden light as he gritted his teeth to death, resisting the oppressive pressure!
But in the end, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body shattered, and his body went straight to the ground on one knee!
The dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body was constantly shaking and emitting a wave of light, as if it was attracting the Inferno Dragon’s attention!
Sure enough, the dragon’s bell-like eyes looked at Chen Ping, and then opened its bloody mouth towards Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw the dragon rushing towards him, his eyes were filled with panic and he hurriedly struggled desperately, but it was useless, the net was too strong and Chen Ping could not break free!
Chen Ping was about to be swallowed in one gulp, but at that moment, the Heavenly Dragon Ring on Chen Ping’s hand suddenly flickered for a moment.
But it was this flicker of the Heavenly Dragon Ring that caused that Inferno Dragon to fiercely halt its form and look silently at Chen Ping in front of him, the Inferno Dragon’s eyes were filled with fear and awe!
Buzzing …………
The Ice Dragon Dragon Crystal within Chen Ping’s body began to tremble violently, and Chen Ping’s body trembled along with it!
The Inferno Dragon also felt the trembling of the Ice Dragon Dragon Crystal, and after hesitating for a moment, it actually reopened its large mouth!
When Chen Ping thought that the dragon was going to swallow him in one gulp, a flaming bead suddenly flew out of the dragon’s mouth!
This scene directly dumbfounded Chen Ping.
“Could this be the Dragon Crystal of the Inferno Dragon?”
Chen Ping thought to himself!
But the flaming bead unexpectedly flew to Chen Ping’s mouth.
Chen Ping himself didn’t even know what to think, but he actually opened his mouth and swallowed the bead.
“Ah …………”
Just after swallowing it, Chen Ping felt as if his body had been put into a mountain of flames baking, his entire body was about to explode!