Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that the sound emitted from this bone flute would cause one’s divine sense to be affected, and subsequently begin to go mad!
Only to see Chen Ping’s mouth slightly open, the Clear Heart Mantra continuously emerged from his mouth!
As the Clear Heart Mantra echoed in everyone’s ears, the symptoms of madness all disappeared in an instant!
Seeing this, Di Chongjing’s eyes widened as he played his bone flute even louder.
However, for these disciples of the Soul Demon Sect, it had no effect anymore!
Only the sound of this bone flute spread out in all directions, quickly travelling hundreds of miles!
Rumbling …………
In an instant, the mountains and forests surrounding the Soul Demon Sect seemed to be about to quake with a loud bang!
The entire earth was trembling along with it, and from all directions it seemed like countless demonic beasts were rushing towards this place!
In a few moments, there were indeed countless demonic beasts with crimson eyes, then roaring as they rushed over!
These demonic beasts were all controlled by the bone flute and lost their minds, which caused them to rush over in a frenzy!
“So many demonic beasts ah, it’s too scary ……”
Ji Yun’s face changed drastically when he saw this!
Patriarch Jiang and the rest of them also had their eyes wide open and were filled with panic!
There were hundreds of demonic beasts, and there were quite a few Transition Realm demonic beasts, densely surrounding the entire Soul Demon Sect!
No wonder this Di Chong Jing dared to bring a few people just to run around in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and also dared to come to the Soul Demon Sect’s trouble!
It turns out that this guy had the means to do it long ago, and these demonic beasts are his bottom card ah!
“Hahaha, aren’t you guys crazy? How come you’re not mad now?”
Seeing that Patriarch Jiang and the others were all panicking, Di Chongjing laughed out loud!
“Di Chongjing, did you steal this magic flute from Master?”
Seeing that Di Chongjing had this kind of treasure in his hands, Patriarch Jiang questioned!
“Bullsh*t, I f*cking made this myself, this was crafted from the finest immortal bone, it’s magical and incomparable.”
“And this immortal bone, it should be a demonic cultivator’s, because this voice carries magic power in it.”
“Unfortunately, back then, you hunted me down and made me inhabit the Xiao Dynasty, giving that Xiao Emperor a piece of immortal bone, or else there would be more than just this bone flute in my old hand.”
Di Chongjing’s eyes were filled with rage when he brought up the events of that year!
The other disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect, seeing the demonic beasts around them, were all filled with excitement, waiting on the sidelines to watch the fun!
“Damn, this guy took my bones and actually made it into a flute.”
“Kid, you let me have your body right away, I’m going to break this grandson into pieces!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch roared angrily in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Just now, when he took out the bone flute, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was a little sceptical, and now that Di Chongjing had said so, then the bone flute must have been made from his own bones!
“Senior, don’t be in a hurry, to deal with this guy, I’ll just do it, I don’t need your old man.”
“The bones, even if they are made into a flute, they won’t be able to hinder you from recovering your physical body, don’t be angry, anger can easily hurt your spirit.”
Chen Ping hurriedly persuaded Chen Ping!
“Kid, you must not let this grandson die too painfully, torture him for me ……”
“Daring to use old me’s bones as a flute, simply outrageous!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch roared!
“No problem, just watch over it, senior!”
Chen Ping pacified the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, if this fellow were to really go berserk and fight with himself for control of his body, that would allow Di Chongjing to find an opportunity!
After pacifying the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping looked at Di Chong Jing with a calm face and said, “Do you expect these demonic beasts to be able to deal with us? What a joke!”
“Kid, your Demon Drawing Whip is useful to our Demon Race, but if you want to deal with these demonic beasts, then you are delusional!”
After Di Chongjing finished speaking, he once again blew his bone flute!
Under the urging of the bone flute, these demonic beasts all roared like mad, and a burst of red light continued to emanate from the bone flute!