Ning Zhi fled for dozens of miles in one breath before he dared to stop.
Breathing heavily, Ning Zhi’s chest was still faintly aching!
Just now, in order to be able to escape, Ning Zhi had taken a hard slap from Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, we’re not finished, I’ll make you pay for it ……”
Ning Zhi was filled with rage!
But remembering Chen Ping’s glowing bead at the end, Ning Zhi was envious.
He wondered just what kind of magic weapon that was, that it was so powerful!
“Just how many secrets does this Chen Ping have on him?”
Ning Zhi frowned tightly.
After resting for a moment, Ning Zhi quickly left again, fearing that Chen Ping would catch up.
Tens of miles of road might be a long way for ordinary people.
But for them, it would only take a few moments to get there.
And at this moment, Chen Ping had long since entered the Devil Subduing Tower to cultivate!
He had no interest in chasing Ning Zhi and wasting his precious time.
…………
Desert North, the Luo Family!
Luo Xiang’s eyes were slightly closed, still basking in the sun, except that at this moment, his mind was thinking about other things.
“Luo Jiu, why do you think that Ning Zhi travelled thousands of miles to Xi Chuan to cultivate? And to take over Gu Kaiyuan’s manor?”
Luo Xiang asked to the subordinate beside him.
He had been thinking about this matter ever since he returned from Xichuan; with Gu Kaiyuan dead, Ning Zhi would never be kind enough to repair the manor for Gu Kaiyuan’s family.
And as for Ning Zhi’s claim that Xichuan had a beautiful environment, that was pure bullsh*t, Luo Xiang didn’t believe it for a second, what kind of environment was there in that barren place in Xichuan?
“Young master, I always feel that there is something wrong with that tower at the Gu family estate, the huge estate, all the buildings have been rebuilt, only that tower is still very old looking.”
“Maybe this Ning Zhi is running after that tower, as for what use that tower has, I don’t know.”
Luo Jiu explained carefully.
“Good, that’s what I thought of too, I also suspect that there’s something wrong with that tower, I’ve been to the Gu Family Manor a few times and I’ve never seen that tower before, that location seems to be a very old building.”
“I even asked Gu Kaiyuan at the time why there was such an outdated building in the manor, and Gu Kaiyuan just said that it was their Gu family ancestral hall, so it couldn’t be demolished even if it was outdated!”
“Now it seems that that outdated building is just a cover, what is wrapped inside must be that tower, and that tower must have some secret ……”
Luo Xiang snapped to his feet, his eyes bursting with brilliant light!
“Gather your men immediately and follow me on another trip to Xichuan ……”
Luo Xiang had to go to Xichuan again to figure out the secrets of it.
This was his territory, and if that tower really had a secret, he would never let Ning Zhi get his hands on it.
Although the Ning family was a powerful family in Kyoto, this was not Kyoto, and the Ning family’s hands could not reach here.
Just as Luo Jiu was about to go and gather his men, a subordinate suddenly came running in a hurry before reporting to Falling Down, “Eldest Young Master, there is a man outside the courtyard begging to see you ……”
“To see me?” Luo Xiang was stunned, “What kind of person is it?”
“He said that he is Ning Zhi of the Ning family in Kyoto and has come here specifically to ask to see the Eldest Young Master, but it looks like this person is injured ……”
The subordinate replied.
“Ning Zhi ……”
Luo Xiang was a little surprised, then waved his hand, “Invite him to the hall, I’ll be there afterwards!”
After the subordinate left, Luo Jiu immediately stepped forward, “Eldest Young Master, does this Ning Zhi suddenly find here for some purpose?”
“Let’s take a look first, this is the Luo family, even if he Ning Zhi has any petty intentions, what else can he do to me ……”
Luo Xiang finished speaking and walked towards the hall.
At this moment, Ning Zhi was sitting in the hall drinking tea, his face was very unpleasant.
With his body injured, Ning Zhi had run here on a breath of fresh air, he had not returned to Kyoto, he wanted to use the Luo family to get rid of Chen Ping.