Looking at the piles of resources, Chen Ping was not in the mood to cultivate, now that he could not find out the cause of the spirit beasts’ illnesses, Chen Ping always felt uneasy in his heart!
Lying on the bed, looking at the bright moonlight outside, Chen Ping did not understand, these sick spirit beasts, in the end because of what!
He had already probed the bodies of these spirit beasts, and there was nothing diseased in their bodies!
Just as Chen Ping was tossing and turning, somewhat depressed, he suddenly heard a low voice!
The sound was very light, but very low, as if it was coming from the ground!
Chen Ping hurriedly got up and then walked out of the room, pricked his ears and listened carefully.
Following the direction of the voice, Chen Ping unexpectedly arrived at the compound of the sick spirit beasts!
Chen Ping saw that those sick spirit beasts, at the moment, under the moonlight, each and every one of them appeared to be panicked, curled up in the corner, constantly emitting low wails.
Chen Ping was puzzled, there was nothing inside the courtyard, these spirit beasts looked like they had seen something terrifying and became fearful!
Chen Ping walked towards the courtyard, although there was a formation blocking the way, but this kind of formation was simply child’s play for Chen Ping, Chen Ping easily passed through the formation and walked in!
Those spirit beasts did not react when they saw Chen Ping, each one of them curled up their bodies and kept rubbing their claws on the ground!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, then slowly squatted down and gently touched his hand on the ground!
Just as Chen Ping’s hand had just touched the ground, a burning sensation suddenly hit him, and the ground seemed to vibrate twice!
Chen Ping got up violently and stared at the ground, he knew that there must be something underneath the ground, but there was no way for his Divine Sense to penetrate the ground and find out what was actually inside!
Chen Ping tried to swing two palms towards the ground, but the ground did not react, which made those spirit beasts panic even more!
This time, Chen Ping could be even more convinced that there was something underneath this ground, with Chen Ping’s current strength, if a palm went down, a deep pit would definitely appear in the ordinary ground!
“Could it be that this ground has a formation?”
Chen Ping tried, looking for whether the ground had been inscribed with formations, but after searching several times, Chen Ping did not find any traces of formations, the ground did not even have a single formation pattern!
“This is too strange …………”
Chen Ping fell into deep thought!
Just as Chen Ping was pondering, the moonlight slowly shone into the courtyard, and under the full moon’s irradiation, Chen Ping surprisingly found that on that ground, a formation pattern had vaguely appeared!
The formation pattern was very faint, so faint that it was almost undetectable, if it was not for the moonlight, Chen Ping had no way of discovering that there was even a formation pattern on the ground!
But just as Chen Ping was planning to take a good look at what kind of formation pattern it was and how to break it, the moonlight suddenly weakened, and the hidden formation pattern instantly disappeared!
Chen Ping looked up at the full moon, he knew that only when this full moon was in the sky would the formation pattern be revealed by the irradiation!
However, the time was very short, and it was simply impossible for someone to crack it!
Not to mention cracking it, if one didn’t pay attention, no one would even realise that there would be a formation pattern present on this ground!
It was estimated that that Xiao Yuanshan didn’t even know that there were formation patterns on the ground of this courtyard after so many years!
It seems that the spirit beasts inside this courtyard, getting sick one by one, should have something to do with following what’s under the ground!
I just don’t know, what exactly is hidden underneath this formation?
But now that the formation pattern was gone, Chen Ping could not find it no matter how he used his divine sense to perceive it!
If he couldn’t find the formation pattern, it would be impossible to crack it, and if he couldn’t crack it, he wouldn’t know what would be underneath the ground, and if he didn’t know what would be there, there would be no way to cure the spirit beasts of their illnesses!
Really can not, can only move these spirit beasts away, move to other places to raise, perhaps the body of the disease will slowly get better!