Seeing Jiang Yulian’s abnormality, Chen Ping was instantly alert.
“Why is there another soul within your body? Could it be that you were taken from your body?”
Jiang Yulian asked in shock!
She sensed the remnant soul of the Ochre Amazing within Chen Ping’s body!
After all, the Soul Demon Sect was very knowledgeable and sensitive to souls, so it was considered normal to be able to detect that there was still a soul within Chen Ping’s body!
“I was not taken from my body, there is indeed a residual soul in the sea of consciousness, that was my friend, his physical body was destroyed and his soul was weak, so I left him in the sea of consciousness.”
Chen Ping explained!
Ochre Yan was also touched inwardly when he heard Chen Ping call himself a friend!
For such a long time, Ochre Yan had been living in Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, and the two would often communicate!
However, Ochre Yan had never dared to hope that he could become Chen Ping’s friend!
It was important to know that he had known most of Chen Ping’s identities and secrets over this period of time, and that he himself was nothing more than a small demonic cultivator, so how would he dare to climb up to Chen Ping!
Now that Chen Ping said this, it gave Ochre Yan a feeling of being touched by a friend!
“It seems that this friend of yours is very important to you and you trust him, but no one dares to casually put someone else’s soul into their sea of consciousness.”
“If the other party has bad intentions and takes control of your sea of consciousness and takes over your body, then you’ll be finished!”
Jiang Yulian said in surprise!
Chen Ping just smiled and did not explain!
Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, not to mention Ochre Yan this kind of injured remnant soul, even if it was a strong soul, when it came inside Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, it was like entering a prison, if Chen Ping wanted them to die, they would die!
That Hu Da Hu Er’s soul, entered Chen Ping’s body, still wanted to seize Chen Ping, but was easily killed by Chen Ping!
“Senior sister, are you alright ……”
Zheng Jian staggered over and asked to Jiang Yulian with concern!
“I’m fine, how are you doing, senior brother?”
Jiang Yulian asked!
“Can’t die, just suffered some internal injuries!”
Zheng Jian laughed bitterly, then looked towards Chen Ping and said “Thank you, fellow Daoist for your help, I can’t thank you enough!”
“You are welcome, I see that you have been injured, if you are not treated in time, although you will not lose your life, but your strength in the future, I am afraid that it will be very difficult to grow in.”
Chen Ping said as he sized up Zheng Jian!
When Zheng Jian heard this, his eyes were filled with panic, knowing that for a cultivator, not being able to be in a position to raise his realm, that could be worse than dying!
“Mr Cheng, are you a pharmacist?”
Jiang Yulian asked as she looked at Chen Ping in shock!
One must know that in the Celestial Realm Pill Masters were very rare, and in the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain of theirs, Pill Masters were even rarer!
After all, the strength realm of pharmacists were not very high, and would not easily go to the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain, it was too dangerous here!
“Just a little knowledge of some medical skills!”
Chen Ping finished, took out the silver needle, then said to Zheng Jian “Fellow Daoist, you temporarily collect your breath, I will unblock the bruises in your body for you, and then after taking the pills, you will be able to slowly heal.”
“Many thanks!”
Zheng Jian nodded and did not hesitate to collect his breath!
For Chen Ping, Zheng Jian unexpectedly had an inexplicable trust!
Chen Ping then applied needles to several of Zheng Jian’s acupuncture points, and in just a few minutes, Zheng Jian only felt a wave of heat travelling through his body!
A mouthful of black blood then gushed out!
Chen Ping put away the silver needle and took out a blackish pill, “Eat this pill, you will be cured in a few days.”
Zheng Jian took the pill and directly swallowed it!
In the Celestial Realm, there really weren’t many people who dared to take things from strangers like this, unless they trusted each other exceptionally!
It could be seen that Zheng Jian trusted Chen Ping very much as far as he was concerned!
After swallowing the pill, Zheng Jian felt much more comfortable!
“Mr Cheng, thank you so much, not only did you save me, you also healed my senior brother, I wonder where you are going? If you don’t mind, I still hope that Mr Cheng can come to our Soul Demon Sect and have a seat, we can also do our best as a host!”
Jiang Yulian asked Chen Ping!