The crowd all froze, not understanding what was happening!
Even that Liu Xueyi was stunned, his eyes filled with incredulity!
At this moment, Liu Xueyi only felt his arm tingling, instead of injuring Chen Ping with this palm, his own arm was shocked to the point of hidden pain!
However, looking at the gazes of the surrounding crowd, Liu Xueyi could not lose face!
“Kid, hand over the item, I only used 30% of my power this time, if you don’t hand it over before, you won’t be so lucky next time.”
Liu Xueyi deliberately said that he only used thirty percent of his power!
In this way, the crowd sort of understood why Liu Xueyi, a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, had failed to strike Chen Ping, a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, with his palm!
The feeling was that he had not used his full strength, and that was why this situation had occurred!
After Liu Xueyi finished speaking, he was about to give his hand back, but he was clasped by Chen Ping’s wrist!
“Wanting to run away after hitting me, where in the world is this kind of good thing ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he fiercely exerted his force and directly broke that Liu Xueyi’s wrist!
Ah …………
Liu Xueyi screamed miserably and staggered backwards several steps!
“Senior brother …………”
The few Blood Spirit Peak disciples who followed him rushed to support Liu Xueyi!
Liu Xueyi looked at his broken wrist in shock, anger surged wildly in his eyes, “Good boy, you dare to sneak attack me and break my arm, I’m going to break you into pieces, kill him for me ……”
Liu Xueyi roared angrily and asked the few disciples who followed him to kill Chen Ping!
Several Blood Spirit Peak disciples saw this and took up positions!
Jin Dong, Luo Xiang, Ji Yun and the four of them, Fire Phoenix, were also on standby, ready to strike at any time!
“Stop, how dare you, dare to make a move in my Xuan Yin Sect, too much so that you don’t take our rules into consideration.”
Just as a fight was about to break out, suddenly an old man in a long robe walked over!
The person who came was an elder of the Xuan Yin Sect, specialising in managing order in the Xuan Yin Sect!
“Elder Lu, this guy broke my arm with his hands, you Xuan Yin Sect has to give me a statement ah.”
Seeing the visitor, Liu Xueyi was wicked and hurriedly said!
Elder Lu glanced at Liu Xueyi’s broken arm, his brows instantly furrowed as he looked towards Chen Ping and said, “Don’t you know the rules of the Xuan Yin Sect, how dare you hurt someone with your hands?”
“He was the one who hit me first.”
Chen Ping retorted!
“He hit you first?” Elder Lu glanced at Chen Ping, “Do you have any injuries on your body?”
“No!” Chen Ping shook his head!
“Since there are no injuries, how do you prove that he hit you first? You have to know that he is a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm and you are only a first grade of the Transition Realm, the difference is so vast, if he had struck first, would you still be able to stand and talk right now?”
Elder Lu simply did not believe what Chen Ping had said!
“Elder Lu, it was indeed that Liu Xueyi who made the first move, I can testify.”
“I can also ……”
Jin Dong spoke up after Luo Xi!
“You two are talking nonsense, if I had acted first, this kid would be wasted now if not dead, I just wanted to get back what belongs to me.”
Liu Xueyi said loudly!
“According to the rules, those who make a move in the Xuan Yin Sect will immediately be expelled from the Xuan Yin Sect, and will not be allowed to take half a step in.”
“Now you come with me right away, temporarily imprisoned, wait for the Patriarch to finish his meeting before deciding!”
Elder Lu told Chen Ping to follow him!
“No, Chen can’t go with you ……”
Jin Dong and Luo Xi rushed to block in front of Chen Ping!
Luo Shouhai had asked the two of them to take Chen Ping around, how would they account for this if the Xuan Yin Sect’s people captured Chen Ping?
Seeing that Jin Dong and Luo Xi were actually blocking him, Elder Lu’s face instantly became even more ugly!
“Don’t rely on the fact that you are from the Blood Spirit Valley to disregard the rules of our Xuan Yin Sect.”
“If you guys are in the way, you’ll be locked up along with this human cultivator to listen to the aftermath!”
Elder Lu said in a stern voice!