“Ah ………… it’s too much ……”
Gao Qisheng was furious after knowing that the two women he had managed to capture were taken away by Gao Qilan, he was bashing at his mansion!
“Second Young Master, the family head is calling you to come over ……”
At this time, a Gao family subordinate came over and said!
“What does my big brother want with me?” Gao Qisheng asked!
“I don’t know about that, but the family head said for you to hurry over.”
The subordinate shook his head!
“Alright, I know.” Gao Qisheng nodded his head!
Although Gao Qisheng was unruly and untamed, and lusted after women, he did whatever he was told to do to his elder brother!
The brothers had grown up without parents, and Gao Qisheng had brought them up, so the siblings were all respectful of their big brother!
Gao Qisheng took a moment to compose himself and then walked quickly towards the Gao family’s council hall!
When Gao Qisheng arrived at the council hall, he saw that some of the elders of the Gao family were there, and Gao Qijie was also there!
And Gao Qisheng was sitting at the top of the table with a very unpleasant face!
At this moment, Gao Qisheng muttered a little in his heart, he was afraid that it was his grabbing of a woman, don’t his elder brother know about it!
“Well, Little Sheng has also arrived, let’s all talk about the recent changes in the Far North!”
Gao Qiqiang spoke up after seeing Gao Qisheng arrive!
“Clan Master, I have sent people to investigate in the past few days, many more people have suddenly appeared in our Land of the Extreme North, and these people are all running for the Ancient Body Refining Clan treasures.”
“And many of them want treasure maps in their hands, and even the keys to open the treasure, I wonder where exactly these people got these from.”
The Eldest Elder got up and reported!
“Clan Master, because this Ancient Body Refining Clan treasure has suddenly become known to many people, the demonic cultivators in our Extreme North Land have also been active recently, and are probably looking for the treasure as well.”
“The other thing is that along with the increasing influx of people in the Land of the Far North, the Ice Phenomenon Fragment is also starting to be discovered constantly.”
Another elder got up and said!
Hearing this, Gao Qiqiang’s face became even more ugly!
“Originally, this Extreme North Land was dominated by our Gao Family, and we had time to slowly search for the Ice Soul Fragment, to find the treasures of that Ancient Body Refining Clan, and we could even slowly devour the Ancient Body Refining Clan.”
“But this sudden news of the treasure leaking out and the Ice Phenomenon Fragment being discovered, it seems that the pattern of our Extreme North Land is about to change, we need to think of a good response before we can do so.”
“Xiao Sheng, during this period of time, you should lead more people around and keep a close eye on those who come to the Extreme North, in addition, if there is any news about the Ice Soul Fragment or the treasure, be the first to report back, never act in private.”
“You’re not too young, don’t put your mind on women all day, now I’m afraid it’s time for our Gao family to live or die.”
Gao Qiqiang said with a face full of gravity!
“Big brother, what you said is too serious, those people are just coming over to join the fun and find the treasure, when they can’t find it for some time, they will leave, who will stay in this harsh cold place.”
Gao Qisheng said in disbelief!
“What do you know, this time the news of the treasure leaked, there are still a large number of people with the treasure map and the treasure key, it is obvious that someone deliberately leaked out the information.”
“Even if these people have left, how many devil cultivators are hidden in this extreme north land, do you know? These devil cultivators have been raising their strength for so many years, hell knows how strong they are now.”
“Just be honest and obedient, don’t cause any more trouble for me, understand?”
Gao Qisheng reprimanded at Gao Qisheng!
“Got it ……” Gao Qisheng bowed his head!
“Alright, all of you, cheer up, the future of our Gao family depends on this time.”
Gao Qisheng finished, waved his hand and let all the people leave!