Gadfly froze for a moment, then chuckled, “Big Brother, though you’ve got some skills and even the Golden Dragon bloodline, this place is under the suppression of the Heavenly Law. Breaking through the Heavenly Law, how could that be possible?”
Chen Ping didn’t respond. Instead, he drew his Dragon-Slaying Sword, his gaze resolute as he walked towards the treasure land once more.
When he had climbed the Heavenly Ladder, he had broken the Great Dao’s seal. If he could do that, he might also break this Heavenly Law.
Seeing Chen Ping’s determination, Gadfly considered stopping him but then thought better of it. Perhaps letting Chen Ping face a setback would convince him to turn back.
Chen Ping, gripping the Dragon-Slaying Sword, stepped into the treasure land again.
That strange sensation hit him once more, but this time, Chen Ping didn’t panic. The dragon crystal on his chest glowed, and the Dragon-Slaying Sword in his hand radiated golden light.
“Break…”
Chen Ping swung the Dragon-Slaying Sword forward with force.
A surge of sword qi transformed into a golden dragon, roaring as it charged into the void ahead.
*Buzz!*
As the golden dragon of sword qi vanished, the entire void trembled.
And that strange sensation? It disappeared instantly under the might of that single strike.
“It’s done…” Chen Ping sheathed the Dragon-Slaying Sword and said.
“What?”
Gadfly was stunned, staring at Chen Ping in disbelief.
“Come in and try it!” Chen Ping beckoned to Gadfly.
“Will it work?” Gadfly hesitated, inching cautiously towards the treasure land.
When he gingerly stepped into the treasure land, he froze, then turned to Chen Ping with a look of utter shock.
“This… this actually worked?” Gadfly’s face was full of disbelief.
“A mere Heavenly Law can’t hold me down!” Chen Ping declared, brimming with bravado.
“Big Brother, you’re the real deal, absolutely awesome…” Gadfly gave Chen Ping a thumbs-up.
“Enough flattery, lead the way!” Chen Ping urged Gadfly to take the lead.
The two ventured deeper into the treasure land, but as they progressed, Chen Ping noticed a faint trace of malevolent qi emerging.
At first, it was imperceptible, but now it was becoming noticeable.
“Old Ox, could this treasure land be a relic of the Demon Clan?” Chen Ping asked Gadfly.
“I don’t know. They say back then, the two great Demon Clans fought, and over ten thousand demon cultivators died. I’ve never seen it myself, just heard the stories,” Gadfly replied.
“You’ve never been inside this treasure land?” Chen Ping pressed.
“Nope,” Gadfly shook his head. “No one knows what treasures are in here. Seems like those who enter never come out.”
“It’s just a legend passed down through generations, saying there’s treasure here, so it got called the Treasure Land.”
“Bloody hell…” Chen Ping felt like cursing.
All this fighting between Flying Tiger City and Rhino City over some unconfirmed treasure? What a farce!
If they fought tooth and nail for this place only to find nothing, wouldn’t they be furious?
“Big Brother, don’t get mad. Since there’s a legend, there’s bound to be treasure here. The fact that no one’s seen it just means it hasn’t been claimed yet. It’ll all be ours!” Gadfly, seeing Chen Ping’s frustration, quickly tried to soothe him.
“Fine, we’re here now. What’s the point of getting mad?” Chen Ping said, exasperated.
Gadfly led Chen Ping deeper into the treasure land.
But after a while, Chen Ping suddenly stopped.
“Big Brother, why’d you stop?” Gadfly asked, puzzled.
“Do you see that mountain ahead?” Chen Ping pointed forward.
“Mountain? This is a barren wasteland, where’s there a mountain?” Gadfly said, following Chen Ping’s gaze.
“Holy…” Gadfly froze. Somehow, right in front of them, a towering mountain had appeared, piercing the clouds.