“Elder Miao, you’re here ……”
After Cai Hongwei welcomed him out, he said with a respectful face!
“Boss Cai, I’m late, let you wait a long time ……”
“Blame this granddaughter of mine, must follow along, I also can’t argue with her.”
That old Miao said with a slight apology!
And behind Old Miao, there was also a young woman.
“Elder Miao, you came at the right time, since Miss Miao also wants to go, then bring along for a bit of fun, just think of it as travelling.”
Cai Hongwei invited that Elder Miao in!
Listening to Cai Hongwei’s words, Chen Ping burst into a bitter smile, the three of them wanted to follow along, even with the Ji family’s connections, Cai Hongwei didn’t agree to it until he brought out the blimp!
But now that Miao Lao’s words, Cai Hongwei not only did not dare to say anything, but also respectfully let when the tour!
When the old man Miao walked into the hall, all the people got up and greeted him!
Chen Ping saw that the old Miao looked old, very old, but a pair of eyes gleaming, the breath of the body is also very strong!
As for the young girl beside Old Miao, she looked clean and lovely, with a pair of big watery eyes and a harmless look!
Only Chen Ping did not know that if he was deceived by this girl’s appearance, he would be in deep trouble!
This girl’s name was Miao Miao, and she was very famous in Yellow and Blue City, and people called her the Demoness!
Elder Miao waved his hand towards the crowd and then swept the test with those big, gleaming eyes!
Soon, Elder Miao’s gaze lingered on Chen Ping’s body for a moment.
“You fellow, why don’t you have any manners at all? Everyone else stands up when they see my grandfather, but you keep sitting, do you know the rules?”
Miao Miao questioned sternly towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping froze, he didn’t expect this girl who looked so clean and harmless to be so sharp when she opened her mouth!
“Miao Miao, didn’t I warn you not to cause trouble for me? If you don’t listen, I won’t take you there.”
That old Miao reprimanded his granddaughter, and then with a slight apology, he looked towards Chen Ping and said “This little brother, my granddaughter’s temper is a bit big, I hope you won’t take offence!”
“Won’t won’t ………… “Chen Ping didn’t expect that this Miao Lao was highly powerful, yet he was very amiable!
“Elder Miao, these three are from the Ji Family and want to follow along to the Southern Region.”
Cai Hongwei hurriedly explained after Elder Miao!
“The Ji family?” Elder Miao stared blankly “Why do I look so unfamiliar?”
Cai Hongwei hurriedly followed Miao Lao and explained, Miao Lao then understood, nodding his head uncontrollably “So it’s the descendant of the oldest three of the Ji family, back then, the oldest three of the Ji family eloped, and the entire Yellow and Blue City was abuzz with the news, not thinking that the children are so big.”
“Young people are the ones who should have more experience, if they don’t go through trials and tribulations, they will never grow up, just like this granddaughter of mine, she causes trouble all day long, but her strength hasn’t grown at all!”
“Grandpa, I’ve now been promoted to the Transition Realm, so there’s no growth at all.” Miao Miao pouted and said with some unhappiness!
“There’s growth, there’s growth, it’s grandpa who’s wrong.” Elder Miao hurriedly coaxed his granddaughter!
The crowd all couldn’t help but laugh out loud when they saw Miao Lao like this!
“Boss Cai, if the personnel have arrived, then let’s set off, shall we? There will definitely be some obstacles and delays along the way.”
Elder Miao followed Cai Hongwei and said!
“Elder Miao, we have airships to take on this trip, so we should be able to save a lot of time along the way.”
Cai Hongwei said!
“Blimp? Where did the blimp come from?” Elder Miao froze!
The others also looked surprised, not knowing where this Cai Hongwei got the blimp!
“Elder Miao, the blimp is mine, our family runs a clan in the Northern Domain that specialises in the blimp business.”
Ji Yun got up and explained!