“Sir Ning, it turned out to be a misunderstanding, but your Ning family is thousands of miles away, why did you come to this barren land in Xichuan and enclose land to build a house?”
Luo Xiang asked to Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi knew that Luo Xiang did not know the secret of this Demon Subduing Tower, and he would not tell this Luo Xiang, so he smiled slightly and said, “Although Xichuan is barren, but the environment is good, the scenery is beautiful, and there is no noise, it is a good place to cultivate.”
“Besides, the Gu family head and my Ning family have been good friends for a long time, and this time the Gu family was in trouble and the Gu family head was killed, so I will rebuild this place so that the other descendants of the Gu family will not have no place to live!”
Luo Xiang laughed at that, “Hahahaha, I didn’t expect that Lord Ning was still a warm-hearted person!”
“But this Xichuan is not as peaceful as Kyoto, there are evil cultivators and barbarians who appear from time to time, so if you hurt Lord Ning, it would be more than worth it.”
“Ning Gongzi is fine and tender, he will definitely not be used to staying in this place, as for rebuilding the Gu family, it would be better to leave it to my Luo family, after all, our Luo family and the Gu family had dealings hundreds of years ago, and we are still not far from each other!”
As soon as Ning Zhi heard this, his brows knitted and his face went cold.
He could hear that this Luo Xiang was actually trying to follow him and fight for this part of the Gu Family.
Without the existence of the Demon Suppressing Tower, Ning Zhi did not care about this sh*tty place, but now that he had the Demon Suppressing Tower, no matter who it was, Ning Zhi would not let go of it.
“Duke Luo, do you mean that you want to compete with me for this place of the Gu Family?”
Ning Zhi’s face was gloomy, a cold aura appearing in his eyes.
“If you must think so, Sir Ning, I have nothing to explain… You are far away from Kyoto and you have come to Xichuan to compete with us for land, isn’t that a bit too bullying?”
Luo Xiang graciously admitted.
“Humph, your Luo Xiang is in the north of the desert, what I do in Xichuan is not your Luo family’s turn to dictate, I tell you, I want this Gu family’s place, if you are not convinced, then let’s have a competition!”
“I’d like to see whether your Luo family is powerful or our Ning family is, don’t think that because our Ning family has a long way to go, we are afraid of you!”
Ning Zhi had a firm face, he was determined to have this piece of land, he would never give it to anyone else.
Luo Xiang did not expect Ning Zhi to be so resolute for such a piece of land as the Gu Family Manor, this was somewhat unexpected!
Although Luo Xiang is now very angry, but really for the sake of the Gu family this ruined wall, follow the Ning family to fall out, also some of the loss is not worth it.
However, with the Ning Family having a foothold in Xichuan, I am afraid that it will be much harder for the Luo Family to expand its power in the future.
After thinking for a moment, Luo Xiang compromised and said with a faint smile, “Since Sir Ning likes this place, then feel free to use it, how could I possibly follow Sir Ning and make enemies over such a piece of land.”
“If Mr. Ning has time, go to my Luo family for a do, I will definitely entertain and treat Mr. Ning well ……”
Luo Xiang didn’t know the secret of the Demon Subduing Tower, so he compromised and left.
If he had known, he would have definitely followed Ning Zhi and vowed to fight to the death.
Seeing that Luo Xiang had left, Ning Zhi then breathed a sigh of relief, as the saying goes, a strong dragon cannot suppress a snake on the ground, if Luo Xiang really wanted to make a move, Ning Zhi was no match.
Moreover, if the Ning family, which was thousands of miles away, was to be deployed to follow the Luo family in the battle, it was not certain who would lose and who would win by then.
“How long have I been cultivating this time?”
Ning Zhi asked to his men.
“Young master, you’ve been cultivating for nearly half a month now……”
The henchman replied.
“Half a month!” Ning Zhi’s face revealed his delight, “At this rate, I’ll definitely be able to reach half-step Martial Marquis by the end of the year, hahaha ……”
Ning Zhi laughed wildly, then ordered to Uncle Zhong, “The construction of the manor should be accelerated, this is where I will live from now on.”
“As you command ……” Uncle Zhong nodded his head.
Ning Zhi turned around and walked into the Demon Subduing Tower and resumed his cultivation!