“You are indeed too unlucky, fortunately this is not a big deal, it won’t take long for you to get out!”
Chen Ping deliberately followed the youngest sister’s brother and said!
“Hey …… how is it possible, wait not to go out, I’m afraid I’m going to die inside this big prison.”
“Right now, I only hope that my sister will be able to gather enough Purple Gold Spirit Coins to ransom me out.”
The youngest sister’s brother said!
“Does your sister have the money to ransom you?”Chen Ping asked!
“No, but it seems like she’s evening out a rich second generation, looks quite rich, a fine elixir, directly threw it at me to eat.”
“If my sister could charm that rich second generation, perhaps there would be money to ransom me.”
The youngest sister’s brother was talking about Chen Ping, but he did not realise that the one chatting with him at the moment was also Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately laughed, “Aren’t you afraid that that rich second generation is only there to play with your sister and then run away?”
Chen Ping deliberately teased the youngest sister’s brother!
“It shouldn’t be, my sister is simple but not stupid, I hope that man is sincere to her.”
“As long as my sister is doing well, even if I can’t be ransomed out, I am at ease.”
The youngest sister’s brother said!
Just at this moment, the cell door was opened, a tall guy with a face like a black bear was brought in, this person’s feet still have shackles, should be guilty of something heavier!
The guards brought that guy directly to the front of Missy’s brother’s cell, then opened the door and pushed it in!
“Jailer, I’m still inside this cell, why arrange for someone to come in? Aren’t there many empty cells?”
Brother Missy asked loudly to the guard!
“Yelling what ah, anyway, this cell you also soon can not use, just for others to use!”
The guard said, directly left.
The youngest sister’s brother was surprised, his brows slightly frowning, “What do you mean? I won’t be able to use it right away? Is it that my sister has come to redeem me? ”
Thinking of this, the youngest sister’s brother burst out laughing, his face filled with excitement!
“How fucking smelly, how long has it been since your kid took a bath? Or are you a fox demon?”
That strong man looked at the youngest sister’s brother and frowned!
“I …………”
The youngest sister’s brother looked at that strong man, and his heart was in a state of fear!
After being tortured here for so long, and with the spiritual energy in his body being absorbed almost clean, he didn’t have the slightest bit of strength to deal with this strong man!
Although the rule of Beast City was that private fights were not allowed, but this was a large prison, and would not be regulated by this rule, and no one would care if they fought privately within the large prison!
“Roll aside ……”
The strong man directly grabbed Missy’s brother’s collar, and then threw it to the side!
Bam!
The youngest brother’s body fell heavily against the wall, wailing in pain!
“How can you hit someone with your hands?”
At this time, Chen Ping’s voice rang out!
“Who the hell are you? Minding my business? If you were in this cell as well, I would beat you up together!”
The burly man listened to Chen Ping’s voice next door and said with a cold snort!
“Is that so?”
Chen Ping kicked open the wall between the cells!
Every cell had a formation, so this wall only served as an isolation, it could not stop the imprisoned cultivators at all, it was the formation inside the cell that truly controlled these cultivators.
Only this kind of formation was as good as nothing in Chen Ping’s eyes, it was too trivial, this kind of formation could not stop Chen Ping at all!
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly barging over, that strong man was just stunned!
And that youngest brother who had been wailing was directly wide eyed the moment he saw Chen Ping, and did not wail!
“How are you …… you?”
The youngest sister’s brother looked at Chen Ping incredulously and said!
“Why can’t it be me?”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then looked at the burly man, “You, something that hasn’t fully evolved into an adult yet, also dare to go around spreading your wildness?”