“Hey yell, don’t look at me with such eyes, I’ll be scared ……” Wang Shuo had a cheap smile on his face as he boldly walked up to Su Yuqi and reached out to touch her cheeks, the scene where he just got beaten up on the beach might have slipped his mind.
“If you don’t want to lose your hand, then hurry up and get out of here ……”
Su Yuqi coldly turned to Wang Shuo.
Wang Shuo froze, and his outstretched hand stopped, then the corner of his mouth lifted, “D*mn, you’re really a bit strong-natured, can’t you see these dozens of men behind me? How dare you threaten me, later I will strip you all naked and throw you into the street, see if you still have a tough mouth ……”
Wang Shuo finished and waved his hand, then he himself stepped backwards, probably because he was really afraid that Su Yuqi would make a move.
Clap …………
The dozens of people that Wang Shuo brought with him swarmed around Su Yuqi and the three girls.
At this moment, many people in the rooms on the first floor opened their doors and then looked at the scene in front of them with the mindset of watching a lively scene.
One should know that many of the people living here were martial artists who were preparing to go to Locked Dragon Island tomorrow, and were at least Zong Shi strength, so they were not afraid of this Wang Shuo at all.
“Sister, do you want to help? As long as you stay with brother for one night, brother will dispatch this bunch of trash for you with one hand?”
A guy with a big beard poked his body out from the doorway and asked Su Yuqi and the girls with a lewd look on his face.
“Yes, not to mention one hand, one finger, I can get rid of this bunch of losers, as long as the sister nods and accompanies my brother for a few drinks ……”
A skinny, sharp-tongued guy followed suit.
“Sister, say the word and the brothers will waste these guys ……”
“Yes, as long as sister can have fun with us ……”
The other martial artists followed suit, not giving any thought to Wang Shuo and the others.
This time, Su Yuqi and the others were not angry, but Wang Shuo was furious, this is South China City, his territory, but he did not want these guys to put him in the slightest.
He had brought dozens of people behind him, weren’t they afraid of the guests?
“Shut the f*ck up and go back to your room, do you know who I am? My dad is the richest man in South China City, if you guys dare to make a scene, believe it or not, I’ll chop you all up together ……”
Wang Shuo was furious and took the machete from the hand of one of his men and waved it twice vigorously.
“Hahahaha …………”
Seeing Wang Shuo’s appearance, those martial artists who were up in arms actually all burst out laughing.
In the eyes of these martial artists, the richest man in South China City was nothing, to know that a sect master was able to dominate a party, not to mention the existence of grand sect masters and martial sects here.
The Feng family and the Wu family in Jiangbei province, whose head was only a sect master, had a*sets that were not greater than the richest man in South China City.
Wang Shuo saw that these people were still not afraid and dared to laugh at him, which made Wang Shuo’s face red with anger and his eyes were about to burst into flames.
“Wait for me, when I have cleaned up these three little b*tches, I will clean you up ……”
Wang Shuo gritted his teeth and said.
Just as Wang Shuo finished his words, he saw a young man with a folding fan and dressed in a Zhongshan suit walk over, and an old man followed behind the young man.
Chen Ping was also watching the scene from inside the room at the moment, and when he saw the young man with the folding fan, he immediately recognised that this man was the Xuan Yuan gongzi he had met in the restaurant.
“I’m just afraid you won’t have the chance to clean up after these three girls ……”
Xuan Yuan Gongzi said as he looked at Wang Shuo with an indifferent face.