Chen Ping’s glittering golden fist smashed viciously into Tiger Li Daxian’s head!
“Roar …………”
Tiger Li Daxian let out a hiss and was directly knocked out.
The entire head of the tiger, was instantly smashed into a dent, and it looked very terrifying.
Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping and couldn’t help but gulp down his saliva.
He felt that this fellow, Chen Ping, was a little too perverted in strength.
Seeing this scene, Hu Pocky instantly beckoned his hand, and the talisman behind Chen Ping instantly detached itself from Chen Ping’s body.
Even without the help of Hu Puzi and the others, it would be as easy for Chen Ping to kill this Tiger Li Daxian now.
If he lost one move, he would lose the whole game!
Tiger Li Daxian now had no power to fight back!
Tiger Li Daxian struggled to his feet and tried to hiss, but his head was already caved in, so he could not even open his mouth.
The only thing left in Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes was endless rage, and he leapt up and lunged at Chen Ping on all fours!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also instantly shot out and grabbed Tiger Li Daxian’s neck in one go.
“How dare you try to struggle ……”
Chen Ping said and pinned Tiger Li Tai Sin to the ground and began to smash his fists towards Tiger Li Tai Sin.
“Chen Ping, don’t beat him to death, it’s only best to skin him alive and draw his tendons, that tiger skin and tiger tendons are all treasures ……”
Hu Pazi was afraid that Chen Ping would directly kill Tiger Li Daxian, so he shouted.
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly stopped, he also understood this, and with a direct move, the Chopping Dragon Sword appeared!
Looking at the flickering Zeng Long Sword, Tiger Li Daxian panicked!
He didn’t expect that he had survived for thousands of years, but today he was going to be skinned and skinned.
“Please …… beg you to let me go, I can teach you all that I have learnt, all of it ……”
Tiger Li Daxian whispered and begged Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at him coldly, “You’re a demonic beast, if I learn from you, won’t I be laughed at ……”
“I beg you, let me go, let me go ……”
Tiger Li Daxian continued to plead.
It really wasn’t nice to be skinned and drawn alive!
“Let you go? You are a god, you can take away everything from everyone on Penglai Island, why can’t I take away everything from you?”
“A demonic beast that has reached the Transformation Realm, do you know how much that beast elixir is worth?”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Good, since that’s the case, then none of us should live ……”
With that, Tiger Li Daxian’s body began to expand rapidly, and the aura within his body began to become chaotic!
“He’s going to explode himself ……”
Hu Ma Zi shouted.
A demonic beast of the Transformation Realm blew itself up, and the entire Penglai Island was no longer wanted.
“Hahahaha, even if I die, I won’t let you guys have your way ……”
Tiger Li Daxian laughed out loud.
“Hmph, it’s not that easy to blow yourself up.”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, followed by the Zeng Long Sword in his hand instantly stabbing into one of Tiger Li Daxian’s acupuncture points!
Tiger Li Daxian’s bulging body instantly dried up and deflated.
There was no more hope in Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes, he didn’t even have a chance to explode himself, how could he possibly have a chance to live!
As Chen Ping looked at Tiger Li Daxian, the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand slashed down with a single blow!
Tiger Li Tai Sin’s head was instantly sliced open and a Beast Dan instantly rolled out!
Chen Ping picked up the beast pellet and put it into his pocket, while that Hu Ma Zi rushed over with a face full of pity.
“Pity, too bad, why did you kill him, so that the value of the tiger skin and tiger tendons would be greatly reduced.”
Hu Ma Zi nimbly pulled out a dagger and began to pick up the skin and tendons!
Not far away, Du Nan, looking at the scene in front of him, had an indescribable feeling in his heart, the god they had been worshipping for many years was now being skinned and torn, think of how ironic it was for them after so many years.