Facing the Demon Envoy, Hu Ma Zi did not dare to be the slightest bit careless, only to see him explode all his aura, and dozens of dense talismans on his body fiercely dispersed, those dozens of talismans, like a sharp blade, headed towards that Demon Envoy!
“Ten Thousand Talismans Return ……”
Pockmarked Hu shouted out loud, using his lifelong masterpiece.
He had to stall that demon envoy and create time for Chen Ping. The crowd all couldn’t help but marvel at Pocky Hu’s masterpiece.
Even Chen Ping could not help but be amazed, he did not expect that Pocky Hu, who was so big-hearted all day long, would have such a remarkable mastery!
But it was clear that this was a desperate move, because after this move, there would be no more charms on Hu’s body, and for a charms master, no more charms on his body was the same as a tiger without teeth!
The densely packed talisman spells, with their endlessly terrifying aura, headed towards the Demon Envoy, instantly surrounding that Demon Envoy!
When Ning Zhi saw this scene, his face turned a little ugly, for he could also see that this move was tremendously powerful, and if the Demon Amba*sador couldn’t resist it, then they would be planted here!
But that Devil Envoy went to sneer coldly, his face full of disdain, even though dozens of talismans had surrounded him, that Devil Envoy didn’t even panic a bit, he didn’t even move a bit!
“Just this trivial skill, you dare to fiddle in front of me, you really don’t know how to live and die ……”
After saying that, only to see the devil amba*sador gently wave, this wave surprisingly without a trace of breath, even the crowd could not feel the power in it!
Seeing this scene, the crowd did not know what that devil amba*sador was up to, even Chen Ping did not understand, that devil amba*sador gently waved, in the end what power!
But Hu Ma Zi, who was already close to the Devil’s Envoy, turned pale because he could really feel the pressure of a mountain coming towards him!
In his eyes, the Demon Amba*sador’s slightest wave was enough to move mountains and reclaim land, but the others could not feel it!
This showed how terrifying the strength of this demon amba*sador was!
Immediately afterwards, the crowd saw Hu Ma Zi’s body fly backwards like a kite with a broken string, and the dozens of charms burst into flames, turning into ashes and being blown away by the wind!
And from the beginning to the end, that devil amba*sador had stood unmoving, only gently waving his hand!
“Master Hu ……”
“Old Hu ……”
Chen Ping and also Zhou Jie hurriedly rushed up!
Zhou Jie’s gaze was filled with worry as she went up and hugged Pocky Hu tightly, tears streaming out of her eyes!
“Cough cough cough …………”
Hu Ma Zi coughed twice, then barked at Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, this Demon Envoy is too powerful, find a chance to escape, you are no match for him!”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, although he knew that the demon envoy was powerful, he couldn’t let these people take over the divine altar, then it would be even more impossible for him to save Su Yuqi!
“Master Hu, watch at ease, don’t worry about it ……”
Chen Ping finished and said to Zhou Jie, “You can help Master Hu back to the palace ……”
Zhou Jie nodded and wanted to help Pocky Hu leave, but Pocky Hu didn’t leave and said to Zhou Jie, “I’m fine, I can’t die, with such a beautiful beauty like you with me, how could I give up dying, let me stay ……”
When Zhou Jie saw that Hu Ma Zi was indeed not in danger of dying, she couldn’t help but give him a white look, “It’s like this, still no decency ……”
Chen Ping sacrificed his Dragon Chopping Sword and looked at the Demon Envoy coldly.
But just as Chen Ping was about to make a move against the Demon Envoy, suddenly a group of people launched a suicide attack towards that Demon Envoy!
The most obvious feature of these people was their bald heads!