The other hurried warriors were relieved that Chen Ping’s strength was beyond their expectations!
If not for the Vajra Net that had trapped Chen Ping, they would really have been buried here.
Although there was no way to break through Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body for the time being, it had finally restricted Chen Ping’s ability to move.
As long as Chen Ping was under control, the others would not be a concern.
Seeing Chen Ping bound by the Vajra Net, Xu Changsheng and Gu Ling’er were very nervous and worried about them.
“Chen Ping …………”
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er wanted to go forward and get Chen Ping out.
“Don’t come over ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly stopped Gu Ling’er, with Gu Ling’er’s strength, rushing over would be death!
There was not the slightest effect!
Gu Ling’er looked at the bound Chen Ping in a daze, tears flowing out of her eyes.
“Take this Chen Ping away from here ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi saw that Gu Ling’er was about to rush over, so he ordered the other hurried samurai.
Of the five samurai, three were now injured, leaving only two still on all fours!
If all these people from the Pill God Valley rushed up together, Kawashima Hiromichi also found it very difficult to deal with.
So he planned to take Chen Ping away from here first.
Bounce …………
Just as several samurai were about to make their move and take Chen Ping away, there was a sudden crumbling sound.
When the crowd looked, they found that one of the threads of the vajra net controlling Chen Ping had broken!
Bounce …………
Another silk thread snapped immediately afterwards.
Chen Ping’s muscles emanated a golden light as they continued to bulge, resisting the suppressive force of the vajra net.
At this moment, Kawashima Hiroshi’s and their faces instantly became unsightly.
This Vajra Net could be considered a divine weapon, although it had gone through the vicissitudes and was somewhat broken, but a divine weapon was still a divine weapon after all, how could it break so easily!
“Big brother, this …………”
Kawashima Hiroji looked at the adamantine net that had broken the silk threads and said with a face full of surprise.
“Don’t worry, this adamantine net is indestructible, it won’t break easily ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi said, but his heart was beating a drum!
Kawashima Hiroshi is not sure that this diamond net will not break, because at this moment the wire of the diamond net is still cracking!
But as soon as Kawashima’s words hit the ground, a gaping hole was ripped in the net!
Immediately afterwards a terrifying spiritual force struck, and the two samurai who were originally standing near the Vajra Net, trying to take Chen Ping away, were directly shaken by this spiritual force and sent flying.
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, still desperately exerting himself, wanting to completely tear this Vajra Net apart as endless spiritual energy erupted!
Boom …………
There was a loud sound, and soon that vajra net completely shattered, the fragments shot out in all directions, and many of the surrounding trees were broken by these broken silk threads.
A golden light appeared on Chen Ping’s body, and a mighty pressure descended from the sky, making people not dare to look straight at it ……
Seeing this, all five samurai were instantly stunned.
And that Kawashima Hiroji took advantage of Chen Ping’s unsteady footing to slash viciously towards the back of Chen Ping’s neck!
He wanted to cut Chen Ping’s head off with one slash.
Clang …………
A sound of metal clashing came, followed by Kawashima Hiroji’s arm going numb and the katana in his hand flying straight out.
Chen Ping’s body was left with only a white mark, without the slightest injury.
Kawashima Hiroji, who had already broken his arm, was unable to pick up his katana at this moment.
Chen Ping slowly turned around and looked at Kawashima Hiroji who had attacked him.
Kawashima Hiroji’s body involuntarily trembled as he looked at Chen Ping’s gaze.
“I’ll take you first ……”
Chen Ping said, a hand reached out towards Kawashima Hiroji and grabbed him!
Seeing this, Kawashima Hiroshiji turned his head in fear and ran away, but he didn’t get far at all and was directly carried back by Chen Ping.
Kawashima Hiroshi struggled in Chen Ping’s hands!
Stinging …………
Chen Ping grabbed one of Kawashima Hiroji’s arms and pulled hard!
He pulled off Kawashima’s arm.