“Just show your face, but don’t think about running ……”
Chen Ping said!
“I’m running my arse, apart from you pervert, the sea of consciousness can accommodate me, which guy can still accommodate me.”
“What’s more, I have to wait for you to help me find the wreckage, won’t run!”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Alright, you fight quickly, this guy is just a shadow projection, it just so happens that you only have remnants of your soul left as well, so it’s fair.”
Chen Ping said!
“sh*t, you f*cking compare this rubbish with me, old me don’t say there are residual souls left, even if there is a leg hair left, this old pusher Den is not my opponent ah!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was a little displeased!
This Ghost Face Sect Patriarch was only at the third level of the Mahayana Realm, and Chen Ping was even comparing himself to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Of course the Red Cloud Demon Monarch disagreed!
If the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was in his complete body at this time, a single look would be able to make this Wei Tianya go up in smoke!
“Senior, I’m just making a comparison, why are you still in a hurry.”
Chen Ping was somewhat in tears, these Heavenly Realm fellows were really eccentric in nature!
“Hurry up and let me out, don’t be so abrasive!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded, then the Divine Flame Seal erupted with a crimson flame visible to the naked eye!
The flame exploded in mid-air, directly forming a shield that enveloped the entire Purple Flame Sect!
Wei Tianya was also enveloped within!
Wei Tianya was stunned, but then he laughed coldly, “Kid, are you stupid, you want to resist my pressure, you have to isolate me to do so.”
“Now that you have directly covered me in as well, doesn’t this make it easier for me to do it?”
Chen Ping looked at that Wei Tianya and said with a cold smile, “Whether I am stupid or not, you will know in a moment!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly struck a very handsome pose!
“Come out ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a black mist emerged from the top of his head, followed by a cloaked old man slowly appearing!
However, the old man appeared to be hidden, clearly a wisp of a remnant soul!
When Wei Tianya saw this, he then laughed, “Kid, you are using a demonic soul in front of me, isn’t this playing with a big sword in front of Guan Gong?”
“Don’t you know that our Ghost Face Sect specialises in breeding demonic souls.”
“Just in time, I’ll breed this demonic soul of yours and make him work for me!”
Wei Tianya was dying of laughter at the moment!
“Breeding your mother, f*cking thing, can you afford to breed me?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch had originally left Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness and was happy to be able to move around in the outside world!
But this Wei Tianya even said the words of bred!
Are you kidding me, is a Heavenly Realm Demon Monarch something that can be bred just because you want to?
Wei Tianya was stunned, he didn’t expect that this demonic soul had quite a temper, and even had its own consciousness!
Many of the demonic souls raised by the Ghost Face Sect did not have an autonomous consciousness, and those that did were not easy to control!
However, once this kind of demonic soul is controlled, it will definitely be powerful!
The old Sect Master and Huo Yuanting all looked towards the Red Cloud Demon Monarch at this moment!
They knew that this should be the demonic soul in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness that Elder Tu had mentioned before he died!
It was because of this demonic soul that Elder Tu and those Ghost Face Sect disciples were slaughtered by Chen Ping!
“You are nothing more than a remnant soul left, and you still dare to be so arrogant, when I take you in, you will know how powerful I am.”
After Wei Tianya finished speaking, the huge ghost face violently opened its mouth and sucked towards the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
It was just a remnant soul that could be easily sucked into the ghost face!
“I haven’t played like this for thousands of years, since you want to play, I’ll play with you!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch laughed when he saw that Wei Tianya wanted to take himself in!
Originally, if the Red Cloud Demon Monarch blew his breath, he could make this virtual shadow of Wei Tianya disappear, but he wanted to have some fun and didn’t want Wei Tianya to disappear so quickly!
If Wei Tianya disappeared, Chen Ping put away the shield held up by the Divine Flame Seal, and the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would have to return to Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!