“You old thing, you have to have the attitude of a beggar, are you relying on your strength to bully me that there is no one in Pill God Valley?”
Chen Ping stared at Venerable Ding Huan and said in a cold voice.
Venerable Ding Huan gritted his teeth, but finally held back his anger and instead clasped his fist towards Chen Ping and said, “Valley Master, I am asking someone from your Pill God Valley to save my disciple, as long as your Pill God Valley is willing to do so, the conditions are yours to mention!”
“I pooh, even if you give me mountains of gold and silver, I will not heal that Long Xiao, he was injured by me, do you think I will go and heal him in?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
Venerable Ding Huan froze and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, “You …… are you Chen Ping?”
“Not bad, I am Chen Ping!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
This time, Venerable Ding Huan was even more dumbfounded, he could never have imagined that Chen Ping would be the Valley Master of the Pill God Valley.
How was this possible?
“How could you be the valley master of the Pill God Valley?”
Venerable Ding Huan turned his gaze towards Xu Changsheng, although Venerable Ding Huan had never met the Pill God Valley’s Valley Master, he had followed Xu Changsheng’s dealings.
“You don’t need to look at me, this is our Pill God Valley’s as-yet-false Valley Master ……”
Xu Changsheng pointed at Chen Ping and said.
Seeing Xu Changsheng say so, Venerable Ding Huan could not disbelieve him and looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity.
Finally, he gritted his teeth, “Kid, you hurt my disciple, this revenge, I will take revenge sooner or later, I don’t need your Medicine God Valley, my disciple’s injury, I can heal it just the same ……”
After Venerable Ding Huan gave Chen Ping a vicious glare, he left in a huff.
After Venerable Ding Huan left, Xu Changsheng was a little worried and said, “Valley Master, if you let this guy go, then your whereabouts in the Pill God Valley will be exposed, it’s possible that someone will turn against you ……”
“Soldiers will come and go, not to mention that with our current strength, I’m afraid we won’t be able to keep this guy ……”
Chen Ping could feel that the strength of this Ding Expounding Venerable was very strong.
Xu Changsheng did not say anything, he also knew that Chen Ping was right, even if they all took action together in Pill God Valley, if they wanted to keep Venerable Ding Huan, they were afraid that they would have to pay a painful price.
“Chen Ping, what just happened?”
At this moment, Long Wu walked over accompanied by Wu Mei’er.
Then Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan both came too.
“Uncle Long, it was Long Xiao’s master who came to Pill God Valley to ask for medicine and was driven away by me ……”
Chen Ping said truthfully.
“That Ding Huan mage?” Long Wu’s face was slightly shocked, “It seems that it is not a long term plan for you to hide in the Pill God Valley in the future, how did you suddenly wake up after this closed-door cultivation?”
“I don’t know!” Chen Ping shook his head in bewilderment, “While cultivating, I suddenly felt a heart-wrenching pain, and then my whole body was not good, trying to quiet my mind, but I could never do so ……”
When Long Wu heard this, he instantly thought of the video he had just received, Chen Ping must be a mother and son, his mother had been severely beaten, and Chen Ping had sensed it too!
However, Long Wu did not show Chen Ping that video, with Chen Ping’s current strength, he was not strong enough to follow the Dragon Family, but with Chen Ping’s character, if he saw his mother being severely beaten, he would definitely kill the Dragon Family regardless of his life.
After Venerable Ding Huan left, the Pill God Valley was quiet again, and Chen Ping went back to his retreat, trying hard to calm his mind.
Long Wu, on the other hand, was so preoccupied that he locked himself up inside his room for several days and stopped taking walks.
Three days later!
The Pill God Valley welcomed five unexpected guests!
Five island warriors with samurai swords stood coldly at the entrance of the Pill God Valley.
“That Chen Ping is actually hiding here, he is really hidden ……”
Kawashima Hiromichi, the leader of the five island samurai, looked at the Pill God Valley in front of him and said indifferently.