Kyoto!
After Chen Ping returned to the secular world with Hu Ma Zi, he rushed to the Dragon Gate in Kyoto without stopping!
He wanted to see if there was anything happening in Kyoto, and he wanted to see his mother, ever since he had rescued his mother, Chen Ping had not spent any time with his mother properly.
“You kid, you’ve been gone for many days without any news at all, thanks to Ruxue and the girls accompanying me all day, I want to hold my grandchildren, when are you going to take up the matter?”
After seeing Chen Ping, Long Ruotong pretended to be angry and asked Chen Ping!
“Mom, I’ve been busy with some things lately, so the matter of holding a grandson will come after a while, right?”
Chen Ping squatted beside Long Ruotong and kept pounding her legs!
“You have something to do, don’t you even have time to sleep at night?”
“Ruoxue and the few of them are fine at home all day, you just need to keep them company at night for a bit, the matter of giving birth to a child does not need you, when the time comes, I will help you watch ……”
Long Ruotong glared at Chen Ping and said!
Chen Ping also knew how his mother felt right now, which parent doesn’t want their children and grandchildren to be full of grandchildren!
“Mom, in two days, in two days I will ……”
“No need to spend two days, you have to share a room with Ruxue and the girls tonight, or I won’t recognize you as my son.”
“I have now sent someone to shout at them, tonight you will sleep here, don’t go anywhere.”
Not waiting for Chen Ping to finish, Long Ruotong directly interrupted and said!
It looked like Long Ruotong was determined to let Chen Ping follow Ji Ruxue and the girls into the same room today!
Soon, Ji Ruoxue and the girls were called in, and when they saw Chen Ping who had returned, the girls were all very happy!
“Come over here, you few ……”
Long Ruotong waved towards Ji Ruxue and the girls!
Ji Ruxue, Gu Ling’er, Ge Jiayi, Ge Yuhan, Xiao Lan and several of them gathered around and began to give Long Ruotong a back and shoulder ma*sage.
“Listen, you guys, who will be here tonight, Chen Ping will also sleep here, no one is allowed to leave tonight.”
“You guys have to work harder to make your bellies fight for their lives and give me a big grandson sooner.”
Long Ruotong said to a few girls!
When Ji Ruoxue and the girls heard this, they blushed with shame and all lowered their heads without saying anything, but this also meant that they acquiesced!
Chen Ping was a bit speechless, although he had already broken his virginity, so there was nothing wrong with following Ji Ru Xue and the girls in the act of marriage, but this had to be done one by one, this was all together at once, Chen Ping was a bit shy!
Just when Chen Ping was at a loss for words, Hu Ma Zi came and waved towards Chen Ping at the door, “Chen Ping, come out for a moment, I have something for you ……”
“Mom, Master Hu is looking for me, I’ll go out!”
Chen Ping followed Long Ruotong and said and went out.
“Chen Ping, remember this, if you dare to run away tonight, I will disown you.”
Long Ruotong threatened at Chen Ping!
“Mom, don’t worry, I definitely won’t run away, listen to you.” Chen Ping could only promise.
Immediately after Chen Ping walked out of the room, Hu Ma Zi dragged Chen Ping away!
“Chen Ping, you brat is really blessed, I’ve played with women all my life, but I’ve never slept with so many big beauties at once, you brat is worth it even if you die.”
Hu Pazzi said to Chen Ping with an envious face!
“Blah blah blah, you’re the one who’s dead.” Chen Ping pooh-poohed a few times and then asked, “Master Hu, what do you want to see me about?”
“It’s not me looking for you, it’s Long Xing Xu looking for you, only he knows that your mother must be reprimanding you and doesn’t dare to show up.”
Pocky Hu said!
As he was saying that, Long Xingxu walked over!
“Xingxu, what’s wrong?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Brother Chen Ping, a few days after you left, a man came to the Dragon Sect to look for you, saying that he had something important to ask for you, only that I couldn’t contact you even then, so I let him leave his name and leave.”
Long Xingxu said.