“Chen Ping, don’t waste your energy, it’s better to go quickly ……”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping like that and persuaded with heartache.
“I want to save you from this ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as all the spiritual energy in his body began to explode.
Just then, footsteps began to sound outside the cell, once Ning Zhi heard it, he knew that someone was coming and hurriedly pulled Chen Ping: “Hurry up and go, someone is coming ……”
Ning Zhi pulled Chen Ping into the dark entrance with a leap, and after the two entered, the entrance disappeared straight away, as if no one had ever come.
Just as Ning Zhi followed Chen Ping and left, Zhu Zhishan brought someone in, and after taking a look around, Zhu Zhishan frowned.
“Has anyone come here?”
Zhu Zhishan asked to the two guards.
“Allied Lord, no one has come!”
One of the guards said.
Zhu Zhishan pondered for a moment before turning to the two guards, “Keep an eye on me, no one is allowed to come in without my permission!”
“As you command!”
The two guards bent over slightly!
After a glance at Su Yuqi, Zhu Zhishan turned around and left.
…………
“You kid don’t want to die?”
Inside the alleyway on the side of the Martial Union, Ning Zhi gave Chen Ping a fierce glare!
If Ning Zhi hadn’t just pulled Chen Ping out, they would have been discovered.
With the strength of the two of them, they were afraid that they would have been subdued in an instant.
Chen Ping looked at the wall of the Martial Alliance without saying a word, but a cold aura flashed in his eyes!
Seeing Chen Ping like this, Ning Zhi said indifferently, “Don’t forget what you promised me tomorrow!”
After saying that, Ning Zhi turned around and left!
Chen Ping stayed for another half an hour or so before leaving with great reluctance!
When he returned to the Protector’s Pavilion, Zhao Wuji saw that Chen Ping had returned and hurriedly went up to him and asked, “Mr. Chen, have you seen Miss Su?”
Chen Ping nodded, but he was not in a good mood, his girlfriend was locked up within the dungeon of the Martial Union and he could do nothing about it, which made Chen Ping feel useless.
At this time, Gu Ling’er came out of Chen Ping’s room, and when she saw Chen Ping coming back, she hurriedly asked, “Chen Ping, have you seen Yu Qi? Is she alright?”
Chen Ping was stunned, and then looked at Zhao Wuji.
Zhao Wuji, on the other hand, said with an embarra*sed look on his face, “I was the one who told Miss Gu.”
Chen Ping did not want Gu Ling’er to know, just because he was afraid that she would worry, but now that he knew, he nodded, “See, Yu Qi is quite well!”
“It’s true that these guys from the Martial Alliance captured Yu Qi, these guys are really bad.”
Gu Ling’er said with a furious look on her face.
“I’ll make them pay for it sooner or later!”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, his eyes filled with anger, this time he was afraid that his hatred with the Martial Alliance would be unending.
“Chen Ping, I heard from Pavilion Master Zhao that you are going to Locked Dragon Island with someone, I’m going with you too, it just so happens that I want to go and see Xiao Ru too.”
Gu Ling’er said.
“No, you stay well in the Protector Pavilion, I’ll be back in a few days.”
Chen Ping refused in one breath, Chen Ping still didn’t know what medicine that Ning Zhi was selling in his gourd right now.
It would be very dangerous for Gu Ling’er to follow himself there.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not agree, Gu Ling’er wanted to say something else, only to see Chen Ping waving his hand, “I’m a bit tired, go and rest first!”
This time when he went to see Su Yuqi, it was a great blow to Chen Ping’s spirit, watching his woman, being locked up in the dungeon, and being helpless to do anything about it, this kind of thing would be depressing to anyone.
Gu Ling’er wanted to go after him, but was stopped by Zhao Wuji: “Miss Gu, you’d better leave Mr. Chen alone, I guess he’s not feeling well in his heart right now.”
Upon hearing this, Gu Ling’er stopped and watched as Chen Ping walked into the room before closing the door behind him!
Gu Ling’er and Zhao Wuji looked at each other, and the two could only leave, no one was bothering Chen Ping.