“The opposite side is also very strong, let’s talk about revenge later!”
Qi Peijia said!
Fire Phoenix saw that Qi Peijia was scared, and immediately gave a blank look and said “sh*t, you’re a f*cking wimp, bah……”
Fire Phoenix spat fiercely, which made Qi Peijia stupid!
“Monkey, come here, f*ck him for me ……”
Fire Phoenix said with a wave towards the Monkey King!
The Monkey King hurriedly ran in front of the Fire Phoenix and said with a slight sense of embarrassment “Auntie, he’s at the 8th rank of the Transition Realm, I’m only at the 7th rank, I can’t do it?”
“Rubbish, you won’t join them together to f*ck him?”
Fire Phoenix reprimanded the Monkey King!
“Monkey King, what’s wrong with you?” The Thousand-Faced Demon King looked at the Monkey King in confusion and asked!
“Thousand-faced Medicine King, can’t you guys see, this is Fire Phoenix, Fire Phoenix ah ……”
The Monkey King said anxiously!
“Fire Phoenix?”
Only after the Monkey King said this did a few people take a closer look at the Fire Phoenix!
In the end, they all sucked in a breath of cold air “How did the Fire Phoenix become like this?”
“It’s a long story, you guys beat him up, this kid is a small demon race, still want to be my f*cking master, don’t take a piss and see what you are like?”
The fire phoenix looked at Qi Peijia with contempt and said!
“You …………”
Qi Peijia’s face paled with anger by the fire phoenix “Who the hell are you? Don’t forget about my elixir you ate, it wasn’t an immortal elixir at all, it was a poisonous elixir, without my antidote, you’ll die of poison ……”
“I already knew that, I’m not afraid!” Fire Phoenix was not afraid at all!
She knew Chen Ping’s ability, as long as Chen Ping was there, any poison pill could be solved!
“Damn, you dare to poison your aunt ……”
When the Monkey King heard this, he became furious and slapped his palm towards Qi Peijia!
Seeing this, the other few people also shot out, the four of them at the seventh rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, are they still afraid of one eighth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm?
Seeing this, Qi Peijia turned around and ran!
Only to see Qi Peijia waving out a black mist, then his entire body entered the black mist!
Accompanied by a tremor in the void, Qi Peijia’s figure disappeared!
“Damn, this kid knows spatial arts, otherwise I would have wasted him.”
The Monkey King shouted, then walked to Fire Phoenix with a flattering face and said “Auntie, how do you think I performed?”
“Not bad, it’s not in vain that I treated you so well before!”
Fire Phoenix patted the Monkey King’s shoulder!
“Fire Phoenix, what the hell happened to you, how did you become like this?”
The Thousand-faced Demon King asked in shock!
“It’s a long story, I’ll tell you guys about it when I have time, but you guys, you’ve all become characters amongst the Three Emperors and Four Kings, it’s really beyond my expectations, in the past, you guys were the most stupid.”
After the Fire Phoenix finished speaking, she turned around and left, she had to return to Chen Ping’s side as soon as possible before she could do so!
Moreover, she had to tell Chen Ping that there was a guy named Qi Peijia who had been looking for him and wanted to kill him!
When Fire Phoenix rushed back, she found that Chen Ping had finished following Bai Shao!
Bai Shao’s little face was flushed, obviously very satisfied!
“Fire Phoenix, what have you been doing?”
Chen Ping asked to Fire Phoenix!
“Master, someone just came, I was afraid of discovering you guys, so I lured that person to another exit.”
Fire Phoenix said!
“What person?” Chen Ping was startled!
“It’s a guy called Qi Peijia, and he said that he wants to find you and kill you ……”
Fire Phoenix said!
Chen Ping was instantly startled and carefully sized up Fire Phoenix “Then how did you escape from that guy? He is an eighth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm?”
Chen Ping did not understand how it was possible for Fire Phoenix to escape from Qi Peijia’s hands when he was just a Harmonisation Realm!
Fire Phoenix laughed, “The mountain man has his own plan ……”
The fire phoenix told Chen Ping what happened, which made Chen Ping very scared, fortunately the fire phoenix met a few of the three emperors and four kings, or else if that Qi Peijia found out that the fire phoenix had lied to him, he would definitely take the fire phoenix’s life!
However, these Three Emperors and Four Kings were all very afraid of Fire Phoenix, which was surprising to Chen Ping!
Pfft …………
Suddenly, Fire Phoenix’s brow furrowed and a mouthful of blood spurted out as the poisonous elixir in her body began to flare up!
Chen Ping hurriedly carried Fire Phoenix into the cave to get rid of the poison for her, allowing Bai Shallow to protect her outside!