“Of course, come with me!”
Niu Li nodded.
“Sister, I still want to play a bit longer. It’s rare to get out, and if we go back, Mum and Dad definitely won’t let us out again,” Niu Ben said reluctantly.
“You’ve got the nerve to say that! If these three friends weren’t from the Beast Clan, you’d have been in danger. It’s enough to let you see the outside world. When we get back, Mum and Dad will definitely blame me!”
After speaking, Niu Li quickly drew a circle with her finger, grabbed Niu Ben, and stepped inside.
Seeing this, Chen Ping and the others hurriedly followed.
Chen Ping and his group felt their bodies lighten, and in an instant, they appeared a thousand miles away!
The girl continued to draw circles in the air, and Chen Ping’s group leapt through space time and again!
In just a few breaths, they arrived at the foot of a tall mountain!
The lush grasslands were gone, replaced by large patches of exposed stone on the ground.
Looking into the distance, they saw a massive city standing at the foot of a towering mountain that stretched for tens of thousands of miles!
The city was enormous, its gates alone likely a hundred metres high!
Compared to Sun Moon City in the Human Realm, this Rhinoceros City was hundreds of times larger!
In front of the colossal city, there was a moat a hundred miles wide, with black water flowing inside!
At the top of the city gate stood a gigantic rhinoceros statue!
The rhinoceros’s horn alone was hundreds of metres long!
Just looking at this city was enough to scare anyone half to death, let alone entering it!
Even from such a distance, they could sense the terrifying auras emanating from within the city!
Hu Mazi and Xiu Rui’s faces turned extremely grim.
Since they were hiding their true auras and posing as Beast Clan members, if a powerful figure in the city saw through their disguise, they’d be in trouble!
Seeing the fear on Hu Mazi and Xiu Rui’s faces, Niu Li said, “Don’t be afraid. As fellow Beast Clan members, we’re very friendly.”
“In this city, there are many cultivators like you, all brought here through various means.”
“In the Third Heaven of the Human Realm, there are very few native residents. My parents were once unable to ascend and were brought here by the Great Dao.”
“Later, they cultivated to the Loose Immortal Realm, and only then did they have my brother and me, allowing us to inherit their immortal bones.”
Niu Li reassured Chen Ping and his group, knowing they had just been brought to an unfamiliar place by the Great Dao, with relatively low cultivation levels, so they were bound to feel nervous and scared!
“Thank you. If it weren’t for you, we’d probably have to sleep in the wild!”
Chen Ping said with a smile.
“You’re welcome. Let’s enter the city!”
After speaking, Niu Li waved her hand towards the city.
Soon, a beam of white light shot out from the city, illuminating Niu Li’s body!
As the white light flashed three times, a massive barrier in the air before them slowly parted, visible to Chen Ping and his group!
Without this barrier’s movement, they wouldn’t have noticed it at all!
If the three of them had flown straight ahead, they’d have crashed right into it!
“There, this is the city’s defensive array. Only when it’s opened can we enter!”
After speaking, Niu Li soared into the air!
Chen Ping and the others followed, flying into the city!
Hu Mazi and Xiu Rui were extremely nervous at this moment, while Chen Ping seemed completely unfazed!
After all, the Beast Clan aura on Chen Ping was genuine!
On either side of the city gate stood two rows of armoured guards!
Upon seeing Chen Ping and the others approach, the guards stood solemnly, raising their weapons high!
This startled Chen Ping and his group, who thought they were about to be attacked!
But then they heard the guards shout loudly, “Welcome, Princess and Prince…”
“Princess? Prince?”
Chen Ping and his two companions were stunned, then looked at Niu Li and Niu Ben!