However, Chen Ping waved his hand, then turned his head to look into the void and said indifferently, “There is no need to say anything, they are here ……”
Only to see a tremor in the void, followed by Yun Li’s figure slowly appearing, and beside Yun Li was Shi Lan!
They were followed by twelve black-clothed cultivators of the fifth rank or above of the Mahayana realm, each holding a sabre with a murderous intent!
Zuo Tianzheng, on the other hand, followed behind these black-clothed cultivators, although he could not leave, he hid far away!
Chen Ping followed that Yun Li in a four-eyed glance, and both of them frowned slightly at the same time!
“Second grade of the Mahayana realm?”
Yun Li said with a frown!
Because he had received news that Chen Ping was only a ninth grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, how did this become a second grade of the Mahayana Realm?
He thought he had recognised the wrong person!
After all, Yun Li had never seen Chen Ping either.
Xiao Yuanshan saw this, he was also stunned just now he didn’t notice, only now did he realise that in just a few days, Chen Ping had actually risen to the second rank of the Mahayana realm, this speed of ascension, was simply unbelievable!
Zuo Tianzheng, who was following at the very back, was also shocked at this moment, his mouth grew wide and his jaw was about to drop!
“Chen Ping, you …… how did you become the second rank of the Mahayana realm?”
Zuo Tianzheng pointed at Chen Ping and stuttered!
Chen Ping, however, did not pay any attention to Zuo Tianzheng, but looked at Yun Li and asked, “You’re looking for me?”
At this point, Zuo Tianzheng could no longer enter Chen Ping’s eyes!
Yun Li nodded, “Tenth Hall, Yun Li ……”
Yun Li politely arched his hand towards Chen Ping!
The crowd that saw this scene were all a little surprised, could it be that this Yun Li really wasn’t looking for Chen Ping’s revenge?
It seemed polite and courteous, without the slightest killing aura!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, arched his hand and returned the salute, “Chen Ping ……”
“Brother Chen, can we talk alone?”
Yun Li said!
Brother Chen? Chatting alone?
What is this situation?
Xiao Yuanshan and the others were all a little confused.
In fact, even Chen Ping himself was a little confused, he did not know what kind of medicine this Yun Li was selling inside his gourd!
Could it be that this fellow from the Ten Temples was not looking for trouble with himself?
Could it be that this guy from the Ten Temples wasn’t looking for trouble for himself?
“Good!”Chen Ping nodded!
“Mr Chen ……”
Xiao Yuanshan hurriedly tried to speak out to stop him!
Anyways, the other party was also an existence at the peak of the Ninth Grade of the Mahayana Realm, even if Chen Ping was now elevated to the Second Grade of the Mahayana Realm!
Even if Chen Ping was now upgraded to the Second Grade of the Mahayana Realm, it was not that simple to deal with a cultivator at the peak of the Ninth Grade of the Mahayana Realm!
Moreover, it was not known what kind of medicine the other party was selling inside their gourd, if there was a deception, then wouldn’t Chen Ping be in danger!
Chen Ping, however, waved his hand, telling Xiao Yuanshan not to care, and then made a please gesture towards Yun Li!
The figures of the two people quickly disappeared!
This time, the crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and the Ten Temples were left to look at each other in dismay!
With the two protagonists gone, they could only wait, and no one dared to make a move!
At this moment, Chen Ping followed Yun Li side by side, and there was not the slightest bit of hostility to be seen from the two, instead it was as if they had been old friends for many years!
“You won’t kill me?”Chen Ping was the first to speak!
“Why would I kill you?”
Yun Li said with a slight smile!
“I killed Rota …….”
Chen Ping did not hide it in the slightest, he knew that Luo Ta was someone from the Ten Temples and that he was important!
“So what?”Yun Li still had a smile on his face!
“I killed someone from your Ten Temples, you didn’t come to seek revenge on me, so what are you looking for me for?”
Chen Ping was somewhat unable to hold back!
This guy, what exactly does he want to do?
Just say it straight out, grating!
“I’m looking for you, I’m just curious about you.”Yun Li looked straight at Chen Ping, “You have the Qi of the three clans in your body, do you also possess the Devil Clan’s Supreme Fire?”
“You say this?”
Chen Ping’s palm spread out, and a Demon Race’s Supreme Flame began to pulsate in his palm!
After seeing this demon race, Yun Li’s unperturbed expression finally had a hint of shock, while the sword in his hand, which seemed to have sensed the demonic aura, began to tremble!