“Dad ……” When Tong Yougong saw Tong Ocean’s crazy look, he was so scared that his face turned pale!
Seeing that Tong You Gong had come, Tong Ocean withdrew his aura and then said, “You Gong, take your men to arrest all those who are close to Wang De Fa and kill them all ……”
The first thing I did was to ask my father about his anger, so I nodded my head and said, “Yes!”
The body of Tong Ocean slowly floated to the mid-air, watching his Heavenly Thunder Sect was now in a state of solemn killing.
………………
Kyoto!
Chen Ping and the three of them had already rushed back.
After seeing that Chen Ping and the others had returned and that both Pocky Hu and Long Xing Xu had recovered, everyone was very happy!
The first thing Hu Puzi did when he came back was to drag Zhou Jie to his room, and as for what he was doing, everyone knew it already!
“Chen Ping, during the time you’ve been gone, the Ge family head has come here several times, and it looks like he’s looking for you urgently!”
Ji Ruxue said to Chen Ping.
During this period of time, it was Ji Ru Xue who was taking care of the Dragon Sect, and the Dragon Sect was in good order under Ji Ru Xue’s care!
“I know, it’s been a hard time for you ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ji Ruxue with some guilt!
Ji Ruxue had come a long way to find herself, but she hadn’t had much time to spend with them!
Ji Ruxue never complained, and now she is helping to take care of the Dragon Sect, which makes Chen Ping very bold!
“The thought of working for you doesn’t bother me at all ……”
Ji Ru Xue said with a faint smile.
The first thing that I would like to do is to get married to her, so you may not have a name if you follow me.”
In this monogamous system, Chen Ping could only have one wife, Su Yuqi, and there was no way to change this principle!
“I don’t care, as long as you have me in your heart ……”
The first thing you need to do is to take a look at the website.
Chen Ping held Ji Ruxue’s waist and quietly looked at the azure sky!
Chen Ping did not stay at the Dragon Sect for too long and went to the secret realm of the Daoist Sect to see how Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru were doing!
When Chen Ping entered the secret realm, he was instantly stunned by the sight before him!
He saw that there were not only Su Yuqi and the three of them in the secret realm, but also two more girls!
One of the girls was the one that Chen Ping had saved from the Demon Heart Sect!
The girl was also stunned to see Chen Ping, her expression was very surprised!
“Chen Ping …………”
When she saw Chen Ping coming, Su Yuqi ran over happily.
“Yuqi, what’s going on here?”
Chen Ping pointed at the two strange girls and said.
“They were both caught here too.”
“This one is called Mu Lanxin, she is very powerful and also has a special physique that can control ……”
“I know, she is an earth spirit body, she can control the rocky soil.”
Chen Ping didn’t wait for Su Yuqi to finish her introduction before he opened his mouth and said.
Su Yuqi was stunned and asked unbelievably, “Chen Ping, how come you are so good, you can even tell this?”
“It’s not that he’s good, it’s that we’ve already met and seen the noodles!”
At this point, Mu Lanxin spoke up!
“What? You know each other?” Now Su Yuqi was even more confused!
“Sister Yuqi, I didn’t think that the boyfriend you’ve been talking about all day would be him, I was once saved by your boyfriend!”
I was once saved by your boyfriend!” Mu Lanxin said and told the story of how she was being chased by the Black Gold Robe and Chen Ping came to her rescue!
But at that time, Mu Lanxin was so scared that she didn’t know Chen Ping’s name, and Chen Ping didn’t know her name either!
Only when Su Yuqi heard this did she realize, “I didn’t think you two were so close!”
Then Su Yuqi introduced another girl, who also had a special body type!
Chen Ping was a bit puzzled as to why the Demon Heart Sect had to capture so many people with special physiques.
Although he knew that the Demon Heart Sect must have something bad in mind, Chen Ping didn’t know what was going on, so there was nothing he could do to stop it.
He still had to attend the secret meeting first and then make his plans!
After chatting with Su Yuqi and the others in the secret realm of the Taoist Sect, Chen Ping left.