“What if I said it was an order? You won’t listen either?”
Zhu Zhi Shan slowly rose, a chill in his eyes!
“An order?” Zao Qing snorted coldly, “I am not a member of your Martial Alliance, so what qualifications do you have to order me?”
“Am I not qualified?”
Zhu Zhishan sneered and slowly pulled out a token, before lighting it up in front of Zang Qing.
When Zang Qing saw the token, his entire person instantly froze and his eyes widened.
“This …… is ……”
Zang Qing’s mouth grew up and wanted to say something, but was stopped by Zhu Zhishan with a hand gesture.
“Your Heavenly Death Sect is so hidden, don’t you think about why I found it so easily?”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was overflowing with smugness, “Now my orders, are you ready to listen?”
Hidden Qing had not yet sobered up from his shock at this point, but still bowed his head, “My subordinate takes orders!”
“Good, I have information about the person you want to kill here, whether you can kill him or not, you are not allowed to mention my name, just pretend that I have never been here, understand?”
Zhu Zhishan pulled out an envelope and threw it onto the table.
“As you command!” Zang Qing said respectfully.
Zhu Zhishan left, while Zang Qing picked up the envelope and opened it, there was a photo inside, it was none other than Chen Ping!
Zang Qing just looked at it twice before putting the envelope away, but at this moment, he was still in shock.
The alliance leader of the Wudao Alliance actually had another identity …………
………………
On the Martial Dao Forum, there were suddenly many more posts looking for Chen Ping’s whereabouts.
And the rewards were getting bigger one after another, and there were even people using all kinds of pills and resources to exchange for Chen Ping’s whereabouts.
This time, almost everyone in the martial arts world searched for Chen Ping’s whereabouts.
Even some innate martial artists, sect masters and the like, also asked around for information.
Now, Chen Ping had become a hot bun.
At this moment, in the hall of the Dong family in Kyoto, Dong Liqun, who was the head of the Dong family, was sitting on a chair, while Dong Jiahao was standing at the side.
“Jiahao, I’ve heard that you have a good relationship with that Chen Ping, do you know where he is?”
Dong Liqun asked.
“Dad, what are you asking this for? Could it be that you also have your eyes on those treasures on Chen Ping?”
Dong Jiahao asked.
“b*****d, what treasures does our Dong family not have, would I ever do something like a chicken and a dog!”
Dong Liqun’s face was so cold that it scared that Dong Jiahao’s body kept trembling.
“I just admire this Chen Ping and want to meet him, this man is an incomparable talent.”
Dong Liqun’s eyes showed envy, “If you can have half of this Chen Ping’s talent, our Dong family will have a promising successor.”
“Dad, I’m already working very hard now!” Dong Jiahao rolled his eyes, then continued, “I don’t know where that Chen Ping is during this time, but I can ask around, so many people are looking for him, so I guess he has gone into hiding.”
“En, ask around well, if you can find that Chen Ping, you can bring him to the house, in our Dong family, I don’t think there will be a few people who would dare to break into our Dong family and ask for someone.”
Dong Liqun said indifferently.
“Good, I’ll go and inquire about it!” Dong Jiahao nodded, and then walked out.
After Dong Jiahao left, the butler beside Dong Liqun, immediately came up to Dong Liqun’s ear and whispered a few words!
Dong Liqun’s face changed slightly, “In that case, the news was really spread out by that brat from the Ning family?”
“Not bad, although that Ning Zhi used a signature, I still found out about it, and that Ning Zhi was also injured, most likely by that Chen Ping, it seems that the Ning family knew about the secret of the dragon crystal in Chen Ping’s body long ago.”
“And I also found out that that Chen Ping had followed Ning Zhi and the Northwest King Gu Kaiyuan to the Dragon Locking Island, and now that the Gu family is in ruins, Gu Kaiyuan is dead, and that Ning Zhi is no match for Chen Ping, that’s why he spread the secret out.”
“In order to make Chen Ping a target, so that everyone would notice him more and then a*sa*sinate him ……”
The butler said in a small voice.