“How could this be, isn’t grandpa’s condition already under control?”
When Ji Cheng heard this, he was filled with anxiety!
“Didn’t those three pharmacists guarantee that the old grandpa could be free of worries for ten days? How come he’s suddenly vomiting blood?”
Ji Lian Jun also frowned and said with an icy expression!
“I don’t know ah, now those three pharmacists are all panicking too, saying that there’s nothing more they can do, that’s why I’ve come over to report this.”
That Ji family subordinate also said with a helpless expression!
“Uncle, what happened to Grandpa?”
Seeing this, Ji Yun hurriedly asked!
“Oh, your grandfather just has some persistent illnesses, you don’t have to worry.”
Ji Lian Jun seemed unwilling to let Ji Yun know too much!
“Uncle, not only is Mr Chen a formation master, but he is also a very strong pharmacist, otherwise let Mr Chen help grandpa take a look?”
Ji Yun knew of Chen Ping’s medical skills, so there shouldn’t be much of a problem!
Ji Lian Jun just glanced at Chen Ping and then said “Your grandfather has been suffering from a persistent illness for many years, it’s fine.”
After saying that, Ji Lianjun looked at Ji Cheng and said “Cheng’er, you accompany your sixth brother to rest here, I’ll go and take a look at your grandfather ……”
After Ji Lian Jun finished speaking, he hurriedly left, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling also followed along!
Ji Cheng looked at Ji Lianjun who left, his face was full of worry, but he still pretended to be indifferent and laughed “Sixth brother, don’t worry about it, grandpa is an old disease, why don’t I accompany you around.”
Looking at Ji Cheng that way, Ji Yun knew that Ji Cheng was talking!
Ji Cheng was loyal and honest, so when he lied, it was unnatural!
“Big brother, don’t lie to me, is grandpa very sick? Can you take me to see Grandpa?”
“Maybe if grandpa sees me and is in a good mood, it will be beneficial to his condition.”
Ji Yun said to Ji Cheng!
Ji Cheng had a difficult look on his face, not knowing what to say!
“Big brother, why don’t you let me go see grandpa? Are you guys hiding something from me?”
Ji Yun asked with an anxious face!
“No …… nothing is going on ah?” Ji Cheng did not dare to look directly at Ji Yun!
“Big brother, I know you won’t lie, take me to see grandpa, maybe we have a way to cure him.”
“Mr Chen is really a pharmacist and very powerful, I won’t lie to you.”
Ji Yun stepped forward and pleaded with Ji Cheng!
Ji Cheng finally sighed helplessly “Hey, I can take you there, but there is one thing you have to promise to do.”
“Okay, big brother you say it.” Ji Yun nodded his head and said!
“After you arrive, you absolutely cannot say that you are a member of the Ji family, nor can you say that you are Third Uncle’s son.”
“Just say that you were brought here to heal Grandpa, and that your identity must never be exposed.”
Ji Cheng urged with a cautious face!
“Why?” Ji Yun had a puzzled look on his face!
“Don’t ask why, it’s all for your own good, you must remember that or you will be in danger.”
Ji Cheng said very cautiously!
Ji Yun still wanted to ask something, but was interrupted by Chen Ping on the side “Ji Yun, since your big brother said so, then you should not reveal your identity for now, just listen to your big brother’s arrangement.”
“Alright!” Ji Yun nodded!
Seeing Ji Yun agree, only then did Ji Cheng lead Ji Yun and the others out of the hall, and then walked towards the backyard!
And at this moment, within a room in the backyard, Ji Lian Jun was sitting at the head of the bed, while on the bed lay a bone-thin old man.
The old man’s eyes were slightly closed, and he was only breathing weakly!
On the side of the bed, Ji Lianying was looking at his father with an indifferent face, behind Ji Lianying was a man and a woman, respectively his son, Ji Yue, and his daughter, Ji Meizhen.
That Ji Meizhen dressed flamboyantly, from time to time with a mirror to take a look at their own face, did not even look at the grandfather lying on the bed a glance!
On the other side of the bed, three people dressed in apothecary garb stood with awkward faces!