Cui Zhiyuan froze, then laughed out loud, “You mean that, you can drink a lot can’t you?”
“Haven’t gotten drunk …… yet,” Chen Ping said indifferently.
At this, Cui Zhiyuan instantly got excited, “Then, the two of us will have a competition, I’ve never met a rival for drinking, today it’s just the right time to have a good time ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said, and asked the waiter to bring up another case of white wine!
“Chen Ping, since when can you drink white wine? Don’t talk nonsense, there are no outsiders around, there’s nothing to be brave about ……”
Tang Hongying said with a slight frown.
“Mom, don’t worry, I have a handle on it ……,” Chen Ping rea*sured his mother!
Chen Baoguo also wanted to speak out to stop it, but was pulled back by Sun Fuhai: “Old squad leader, it’s good for young people to have a bit of spunk, you forget that we didn’t always spar in the army, let them young people play ……”
Chen Baoguo saw the situation, also not good in saying anything, can only helplessly look at Chen Ping!
“Zhiyuan, you’re a big drinker, let Chen Ping have some, don’t drink too much, just let it be a good time ……”
Sun Fuhai knew that Cui Zhiyuan was a big drinker, once Cui Zhiyuan drank more than a kilogram of liquor and still managed to take a taxi home by himself!
“Uncle don’t worry, I’ll drink two gla*ses, just let him have one ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said as he opened the bottle and started pouring wine into the cup!
“This cup is too small, bring two big bowls …………”
Chen Ping said to the waiter!
Cui Zhiyuan was stunned and looked at Chen Ping with some surprise.
“You wouldn’t be unable to drink from a bowl, would you?” Chen Ping asked with a faint smile.
“How is that possible, even if I blow it in a bottle, I’ll still be the same ……”
Cui Zhiyuan gave a cold laugh.
In his opinion, Chen Ping was deliberately pretending to scare himself, and the more Chen Ping acted like this, the more it proved that he couldn’t drink!
Soon, the large bowl was brought, a bowl of wine that was a full bottle.
“Say, how do you want to drink?” Cui Zhiyuan asked, looking at Chen Ping provocatively.
“I’m afraid of trouble, cheers ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping actually drank all the bowl of white wine in one breath!
Seeing this, everyone was taken aback, Chen Baoguo even frowned slightly, his eyes full of heartache said, “Chen Ping, are you drinking? What’s the difference between this and suicide? Don’t be a hero ……”
“Dad, I’m fine!” Chen Ping smiled faintly at Chen Baoguo before turning the bowl upside down and looking at Cui Zhiyuan, “It’s your turn!”
Cui Zhiyuan frowned, he really didn’t expect Chen Ping to dare to drink all the wine in one gulp, although he was a good drinker, but with this kind of drinking, he was really afraid of damaging his body!
“If you can’t drink, then don’t drink, what is there to compare ……”
Chen Baoguo saw that Cui Zhiyuan was a bit embarra*sed, so he gave Cui Zhiyuan a step up and said.
“It’s fine if you don’t drink, then it proves that you’re a wimp ……”
Chen Ping looked at Cui Zhiyuan provocatively!
“Wimped out?” When Cui Zhiyuan heard this, he became angry: “I’ve never been a wimp when it comes to drinking ……”
After saying that, Cui Zhiyuan closed his eyes and drank all the wine in a bowl!
After drinking, Cui Zhiyuan’s face instantly turned red!
Chen Ping picked up the wine bottle and poured two more bowls of wine.
“Chen Ping, that’s enough ……” Chen Baoguo saw this and got up and yelled at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t say a word, but looked straight at Cui Zhiyuan with a strong taste of provocation in his eyes!
“Don’t you care, let’s continue drinking ……”
Cui Zhiyuan only felt the fire rising at this moment, and shouted loudly at Chen Baoguo!
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared as he picked up the wine and took another sip!
When this white wine reached Chen Ping’s stomach, it was no different from water as the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body absorbed it!
Seeing Chen Ping drink another bowl of white wine in one gulp, everyone was shocked!
Sun Xiaomeng pulled Cui Zhiyuan and said, “Let’s not drink if we can’t, he’s not afraid to wear shoes, we’re not going to compete with him!”