As time passed, the battle between the two became more and more intense, and the fluctuations of aura surged like the waves of the sea, enveloping the entire mountain.
The surrounding soldiers retreated one after another, fearing that they would be affected by this power.
Finally, after a fierce collision, both of them flew out backwards at the same time and fell heavily onto the ground, spitting out blood from their mouths, both of them obviously having been seriously injured. Their bodies skidded on the ground for some distance before barely stopping.
Criminal Daorong struggled to get up from the ground, wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth, his gaze still resolute.
Xing Daorong laughed coldly, ”Qiu Wanha, I counted you as ruthless today, but neither of us have won! This battle is just a temporary draw.”
Qiu Wanha also staggered to his feet, his face as pale as paper, blood hanging from the corner of his mouth, but still braced himself and laughed, “Hmph, each other, this fight was a pain in the ass! But the matter of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein will never end here! The fight between us has just begun!”
The two of them glanced at each other with a strong anger in each other’s eyes.
They knew that although this battle had ended, the real contest had just begun, and the grudge between them was not something that could be resolved with this battle.
Seeing this, the surrounding soldiers came forward and assisted their respective generals, and the hundreds of soldiers from both sides, were also looking at each other hostilely, and the entire mountaintop was shrouded in a murderous atmosphere.
Criminal Dao Rong and that Qiu Wan Ha double backward, they are going to let their soldiers begin to fight!
After all, this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, neither of them could give up, since they had a draw, then let their soldiers fight to the death!
Just when the soldiers on both sides were at sword-point, and the atmosphere was so tense that it was almost frozen, a cold and firm voice suddenly rang out, breaking the momentary silence.
“Slow down!”
The crowd followed the voice and saw that Chen Ping had appeared at an unknown time, his face was calm, but his eyes revealed a determination that could not be underestimated.
He walked straight to the frontline of the confrontation between the two armies, his eyes looking straight at Qiu Wanha, his tone calm but loud.
“Qiu Wanha, I killed both of your sons.”
This statement came out like a thunderclap, shocking everyone present.
Qiu Wanha’s eyes instantly turned crimson as he stared angrily at Chen Ping, as if he wanted to eat him alive.
“What did you say? You killed my son?”
Qiu Wanha’s voice became hoarse with rage, the murderous aura on his body instantly skyrocketed, and it was as if the air around him was distorted by this rage.
Chen Ping’s color didn’t change as he frankly said, “Not bad, it was me, he tried to rob the Immortal Spirit Stone vein and deserved what he got.”
Qiu Wanha laughed back in anger, his gaze swept over Chen Ping’s body, realizing that Chen Ping was only at the first rank of the Mahayana realm, the anger in his heart grew even more.
“A mere First Grade of the Mahayana Realm, and you dare to speak out in front of me? Today, I will use your blood to propitiate my son’s spirit in heaven!”
With that, Qiu Wanha’s figure swayed and was about to pounce towards Chen Ping.
However, right at this moment, Ding Daorong stepped forward and blocked in front of Chen Ping.
“Qiu Wanha, if you want to move him, first pass me!”
Xing Daorong’s voice carried an unquestionable resoluteness, and the lance in his hand had been quietly gripped tightly, ready to deal with the upcoming battle.
However, Chen Ping smiled towards General Xing and said, “General Xing, I appreciate your kindness, but I am still confident in dealing with a wounded eighth grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm.”
When Ding Daorong heard this, he was slightly stunned, then he nodded and retreated to the side.
He was well aware that Chen Ping was a person with deep pockets, and since Chen Ping was so confident, then he naturally did not need to say much.
When Qiu Wanha saw this, he was even more enraged.
“Good, good, good! Today, let me see what kind of tactics you, a first grade of the Mahayana Realm brat, have!”
Before the words fell, Qiu Wanha was already like a wild horse that had taken off the reins, and with monstrous fury and killing intent, he lunged towards Chen Ping.