Chen Ping walked to a certain location on the barrier, then reached out and tapped his hand on it a few times, and the barrier instantly vibrated violently!
“This is it, we have to attack this formation eye location together to do so.”
“Everyone needs to be fast, as my illusion formation won’t be able to trap them for long!”
Chen Ping said to the crowd with some anxiety!
Upon hearing this, the crowd all nodded their heads, now Chen Ping had unknowingly become the leader of the crowd!
Chen Ping took a few steps back, his whole body exploded with golden light, and his holy light fist swung out, punching at the barrier!
Seeing this, the others rushed to attack with their strongest breaths!
No one used weapons, they knew the barrier would bounce back if they attacked with weapons!
All at once, the many cultivators all swung their fists at the barrier!
They all struck the same spot!
Boom boom boom …………
Everyone didn’t dare to let up in the slightest, they all tried their best!
Because this was a life-saver, if they broke the barrier, they would be able to escape!
Soon, some of the cultivators were a little weak from the battle they had just fought and the blast they had received!
Many others had cold sweat on their foreheads and no spiritual energy left!
But Chen Ping didn’t change a thing as he kept blasting out with golden fists!
“Brother Chen, is this the eye of the formation? Why hasn’t it broken open yet?”
Old Sun was also panting and asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but continued to blast out punches after punches, because talking would be a waste of energy!
When Old Sun saw that Chen Ping didn’t say anything, he could only grit his teeth and continue blasting along with him!
Everyone was almost at their limit now, except that they kept going out of trust in Chen Ping!
And at this moment, Chen Ping’s illusion formation was weakening and the old man came out of his illusion!
“What a powerful illusion formation, to have even trapped the old man, it seems that all the energy within the ice spirit fragment that the old man had conjured up has been sucked away by you.”
The old man looked at Chen Ping coldly and said!
He knew that the illusion formation had been set up by Chen Ping, and that these cultivators were able to escape from that strange power because of Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard that the old man had snapped out of the illusion, cold sweat broke out on his forehead and his eyes turned grave!
Chen Ping accelerated the pace of his blasts, each one shaking the ground!
As he watched Chen Ping blast the barrier, the old man frowned slightly, because the place where Chen Ping was blasting was exactly where the eye of the formation was!
“Looks like we’ll have to kill you first before we can be quiet ……”
The old man casually pointed his hand, and a black mist abruptly transformed into a sharp weapon, heading straight for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, however, acted as if he didn’t see it, still facing the old man with his back, desperately blasting the barrier in his hand!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing this, Ji Yun rushed to warn, and tried to help Chen Ping block it!
“Don’t move, blast the barrier quickly ……”
Chen Ping was not as rash as Ji Yun!
Seeing this, Ji Yun could only blast his fist at the barrier again!
But just as the sharp weapon reached Chen Ping’s back, Chen Ping’s body burst into golden light, the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, golden scaled armor draped over Chen Ping’s entire body!
The golden body shone so brightly that the golden light almost blinded the crowd!
The sharp weapon struck Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body and was instantly sent flying away, turning into a puff of black mist!
The sharp weapon was originally made of black mist, and the old man didn’t expect that Chen Ping, a tiny fourth ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm, had this immortal grade armour to protect his body, which was why he hadn’t been able to hurt Chen Ping!
“Good boy, you really have more and more miracles on you, a tiny cultivator even has such treasures, only after you die, all these things are mine ……”
The old man said with a cold smile!
“I’m just afraid that you won’t be able to see the moment of my death, and you won’t be able to get my things!”
Chen Ping stopped blasting and after turning around, he looked at the old man with a playful expression!