When Chen Ping put his eyes on a few girls as well, his whole body froze instantly, because these few girls were no other than Su Yuqi and the girls.
He saw Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er, Wu Mei’er and Xiao Ru, who were playing around in their swimming costumes, the four of them in pairs, constantly splashing seawater at each other.
Chen levelled himself on the spot, he didn’t understand how Su Yuqi and the girls could have come to this place, and Xiao Ru, how could she be here too?
“A few beauties, are you interested in driving a speedboat together and blowing the sea breeze?”
At this time, a boy wearing sungla*ses and dressed in a very trendy manner approached Su Yuqi and the girls, asking with a flattering face.
Su Yuqi looked at the boy and ignored him, because this day, I don’t know how many boys had followed them and hit on them.
The boy saw that no one was paying attention to him, so he opened his mouth again and said: “A few beauties, my name is Wang Shuo, the richest man in this South China City, Wang Jianlin, is my father, see the few speedboats not far away? Those are all mine ……”
Wang Shuo lifted out his identity as the son of the richest man, because as long as he revealed his identity, no matter how reserved the girls were, they would show their fervor for him.
It was just a pity that Su Yuqi and the girls, as if they had not heard, were still playing and joking around, and no one paid any attention to him.
This instantly made that Wang Shuo a little embarra*sed and was at a loss for words for a while.
“Wang Gongzi, since people are ignoring you, why stick your hot face to the cold butt, we sisters just accompany you ……”
Beside Wang Shuo, a girl who was dressed alluringly and had a nice figure said to Wang Shuo.
Pah!
Wang Shuo casually gave the girl a slap: “Paralyzed, you’re the one with a hot face on a cold a*s, there’s no woman in South China City that I, Wang Shuo, can’t handle ……”
After Wang Shuo finished speaking, he walked towards Su Yuqi with an angry face.
The girl who had just been beaten was so scared that she did not dare to say a word, and could only cover her face, with tears in her eyes.
At this moment Su Yuqi was wearing a swimming costume, and her snow-white skin was even whiter under the moonlight!
This time Wang Shuo did not say anything, but directly reached out and grabbed Su Yuqi’s wrist.
Su Yuqi was startled and instinctively wanted to step back, but she was caught by Wang Shuo.
“This little hand, it’s really tender and smooth ……”
Wang Shuo grabbed Su Yuqi’s hand and said with a lecherous smile.
Seeing Su Yuqi being hara*sed, Gu Ling’er and the girls hurriedly ran over, while Chen Ping, who was not far away, was rising in anger and ran over with one healthy step.
But at that moment, Su Yuqi’s eyes were cold and she grabbed Wang Shuo’s collar with one hand, and then with a fierce back slam, she threw Wang Shuo onto the beach.
This time, that Wang Shuo was unable to catch his breath from the fall, coughing continuously.
“Young master …………”
When Wang Shuo was thrown to the ground, from not far away, three big men suddenly ran over and helped Wang Shuo up with a nervous face.
Chen Ping, who originally wanted to go over to help, stopped dead in his tracks and looked at Su Yuqi with a shocked face, he didn’t expect that Su Yuqi would know kung fu after not seeing her for a few days, and looking at Su Yuqi’s strike just now, she seemed to be very powerful.
Chen Ping stood still and did not go forward, he intended to see how Su Yuqi and the girls would handle this matter.
At this moment, Gu Ling’er and the others had already run to Su Yuqi’s side, and then looked intently at Wang Shuo and several of his men.
Especially Gu Ling’er, her eyes were full of murderous aura, hating to kill these few guys.
“Ling’er, Uncle Long has explained that he can’t let us cause trouble, don’t move your killing heart, wait until Chen Ping comes ……”
Feeling the killing aura on Gu Ling’er, Su Yuqi hurriedly persuaded.