Zheng Kai listened to that Wan Hong’s divine chatter and said with a disdainful face, “Dad, when did you even become so respectful to a godly man, obviously this guy is a money scammer.”
“Cheat your mother ……”
Zheng An Guo almost did not die of anger, went forward and slapped that Zheng Kai fiercely!
Zheng Kai saw that his father was really angry and was so scared that he didn’t dare to speak anymore.
After calming down for a while, Zheng An Guo then turned to Zheng Kai and said, “You go and get all the top bra*s here, this time is a big chance for our Zheng family ……”
Zheng Kai also did not know what the big chance was, but he still obediently went and gathered all the top bra*s of the Zheng family.
And that Wan Hong, after leaving the Zheng Family, did not leave South Lake City, but went straight to the west of the city of South Lake City!
“I didn’t expect that what appeared this time would be a ten thousand year old medicinal herb, this is something that can’t be found ……”
Wan Hong’s face was filled with excitement, and his feet quickened their pace!
In fact, he had deduced it a long time ago, only because what appeared was really too tempting, that’s why Wan Hong didn’t follow Zheng An Guo and tell him the truth!
But fearing that some other people might also have their eyes on this place, Wan Hong gave Zheng An Guo the general directions, knowing that Zheng An Guo would definitely send someone to guard the whole place, so that with the presence of the Zheng family, the others might have something to worry about!
Wan Hong, on the other hand, could use the Number of Heavenly Derivation to know the exact location of this 10,000-year-old herb in advance and take it away!
Along the way, Wan Hong kept throwing the black stones in his hand forward, while he followed their path!
Soon Wan Hong came to a jungle, and when he threw the stone in his hand, he found that it did not shoot forward, but landed steadily at a distance of three metres!
At this distance, even a three-year-old child, not to mention an adult, could have thrown it this far, but the stone that Wan Hong had thrown with such force did not fly far!
Seeing this scene, a smile suddenly appeared on Wan Hong’s face, “This is it ……”
Immediately afterwards Wan Hong pulled out more black stones, chanted the words under his breath, and shot the stones in his hand one by one surprisingly into the surrounding trees!
And the ground around, also scattered a lot of black stones!
At this moment, Chen Ping and his men also arrived at this place, and after finding out that there were actually people here, Chen Ping looked puzzled!
“Could it be that someone here knows about it?”
Chen Ping frowned, and then cautiously approached!
Chen Ping saw that an old man was chanting under his breath, throwing the black stones in his hand over and over again, like a madman!
“Is this a fool?”
Zhou Jie asked as she looked at Wan Hong like that.
“Can’t figure it out, it looks like he’s setting up a formation ……”
Chen Ping looked at this Wan Hong didn’t look like a fool, more like setting up a formation, but setting up a formation he had never seen this kind of technique before!
But when Pocky Hu saw Wan Hong, his face was slightly startled: “Wan Hong?”
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately looked at Pocky Hu and said, “Master Hu, you know this person?”
Pocky Hu nodded, “This guy’s name is Wan Hong, he’s from the Heavenly Derivative Sect, people from their sect are all gods and goddesses, all day long they say they can comprehend the heavenly dao and can deduce heavenly fortunes, but in fact they’re just a f*cking fortune teller.”
“Knowing some strange arts and waving them around, many clans and families are very convinced by these guys ……”
Chen Ping stared closely at Pocky Hu, and then asked, “Master Hu, do you have any problems with this Wan Hong, seeing that your tone is a bit off?”
Chen Ping listened to Hu Puzi introduce Wan Hong, all gritted teeth, guess the two had some kind of beef!
“Hmph, it’s this stupid b*****d that made me lose the woman I love the most, originally I was all set to get married to my girlfriend, only to have her go to this guy for a fortune telling before the wedding and get cheated by this guy ……”
Hu Ma Zi stared at Wan Hong with a deadly stare, his eyes full of anger!
When Chen Ping heard this, the whole person almost couldn’t hold back and gave out a laugh, never thought that decades ago, Hu Pazzi had made such a scene!