Such a practice not only convinced everyone on Penglai Island that there was a god, but even those high ranking people within the palace were convinced!
It was obvious that this young man did not know that this formation was not performed by him!
“When divine punishment comes, no one can survive, this is what happens when you desecrate and damage the idol ……”
The young man said to the people around him in a condescending tone.
Obviously, the people around were also scared enough to nod their heads desperately, but they did not dare to desecrate the idol.
Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng were so dizzy from the shock that they slowly got up.
Looking at the cloud of smoke and dust in front of them, both of them wondered what had happened to Chen Ping.
“Who said that no one survived under the divine punishment ……”
At that moment, amidst the dust, Chen Ping’s figure slowly walked out!
At this moment, the young man was instantly dumbfounded, and the people around him were all wide-eyed and filled with disbelief!
The gods in their hearts were afraid that this moment was going to be broken by Chen Ping.
Not a single injury could be seen on Chen Ping’s body, even the clothes on his body were intact, at the moment that divine punishment descended, Chen Ping had long since activated his imperishable golden body!
“How is this …… possible? How is it possible?”
The young man was dumbfounded and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, “Who the hell are you?”
“It doesn’t matter what I am, what’s important is that I want to know who you really are?”
“Why do you want to suck other people’s spiritual energy, no wonder the people here, their strength can’t improve ……”
“And the dense spiritual energy here is by no means naturally formed, right? There must have been tampering in this spiritual energy as well!”
Chen Ping asked as he walked towards the young man step by step, his eyes sharp.
The young man stepped backwards, having long been dumbfounded by Chen Ping’s question; in fact, he had no idea of what Chen Ping was talking about.
“What are you babbling about? I don’t understand at all ……”
The young man stepped backwards, and then his face turned cold: “All of you, go ahead and arrest these people ……”
The young man ordered, and dozens of guards swarmed towards Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi and the others.
The dozens of guards were directly pressed to the ground by this pressure before Chen Ping could reach them, unable to even move.
The young man, on the other hand, fiercely pulled out a black dagger and stabbed towards Chen Ping.
“Divine Punishment can’t even hurt you, let me see if this ancient divine weapon, can hurt you ……”
The young man’s face was flooded with ruthlessness and he pinned all his hopes on the black and black dagger in his hand.
Clang ……
There was a crisp sound as the dagger stabbed viciously at Chen Ping, but it did not hurt him.
A cold smile spread across Chen Ping’s face, and then he grabbed the black dagger.
“What ancient divine weapon, a deceitful thing ……”
With that, Chen Ping exerted a slight force and the black dagger instantly broke!
The young man was dumbfounded, backing up repeatedly and finally sitting on his butt on the ground!
Feeling the terrifying pressure from Chen Ping, cold sweat emerged from the young man’s forehead!
Chen Ping walked towards the young man step by step, then looked down at him.
“What do you …… want? I’m the Crown Prince of the Palace, my father is Du Ziteng, you can’t kill me or my father won’t let you go.”
The young man wimped out and brought up his own father.
“Du Ziteng?” A cold smile spread across Chen Ping’s mouth, “I still have a headache, answer me honestly what I just asked you ……”
“I don’t know ah, what you asked, I don’t know at all!”
The young man shook his head desperately!
“Don’t know?” Chen Ping’s face turned cold, and the momentum of his body’s oppressive power grew even stronger by a few points.
The young man instantly knelt down in front of Chen Ping, kowtowing his head repeatedly.
“Big brother, I really don’t know, I really don’t know ah ……”
The young man was scared!
Looking at the Palace Prince, kowtowing in front of Chen Ping, the expressions of the people around him changed and changed, and there was an indescribable feeling in their hearts!