And Tan Rongkun looked at Chen Ping, also turned to lead people to leave, as for the matter of letting the Mu family help to send some cultivators, Tan Rongkun will not be mentioning it, Mu Qing are dead, the Mu family following their Blood and Bone Sect will not have much to do with it!
Seeing that all of them were gone, the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master then breathed a sigh of relief, if they had really fought just now, they were afraid that they would end up in a lose-lose situation!
“Pavilion Master Qian, many thanks ……”
Chen Ping followed Pavilion Master Qian and thanked him!
If not for Pavilion Master Qian stepping in, there was a real possibility of a fight just now!
“Mr Chen, what are you thanking me for, it’s you who has the ability, but you’d better leave South End City as soon as possible, if you wait for that Mu Family Head to come out, I’m afraid you’ll be in trouble!”
Pavilion Master Qian said to Chen Ping!
“I understand!”Chen Ping nodded!
Of course he would not foolishly wait here for the Mu Family Head to come out of the gate to find himself in trouble!
He still had to rush back to the Soul Demon Sect and then follow Patriarch Jiang to find where that Blood and Bone Sect was located!
If he could gather enough bones of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, when the Red Cloud Demon Monarch recovered his physical body, Chen Ping would be able to rely on the Red Cloud Demon Monarch and be invincible in the Celestial Realm!
“Mr Chen, where are you going next? I can escort you!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace asked!
Chen Ping followed the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master with his itinerary, and upon hearing that Chen Ping was going to the Soul Demon Sect and then to that Blood and Bone Sect, the Broad Cold Palace Master decided to bring dozens of Holy Maidens along with him!
Chen Ping didn’t refuse, after all, what was the strength of that Jiang Patriarch’s first and second senior brothers, Chen Ping didn’t know yet, more people would be more strength!
After following Pavilion Master Qian to say goodbye, Chen Ping led the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and the others, to the plaza’s blimp, preparing to leave South End City!
“Mr Chen, Mr Chen …………”
Just as Chen Ping was about to board the blimp to leave, someone suddenly called out to him!
Chen Ping glanced at him and found that it was actually Shen Ji Zi!
Only to see Shen Ji Zi panting and running over, he said to Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, you bet on yourself to win, why didn’t you go and redeem the spirit coins as well? I’ve already exchanged it and won quite a lot!”
After saying that, Shen Ji Zi patted his bulging money bag before pulling out a dozen or so Purple Gold Spirit Coins and throwing them to Chen Ping, “These are what I returned to you, thanks to you, I won so much money!”
Looking at Shen Ji Zi in that manner, Chen Ping smiled and said, “The Wan Tong Pavilion has sub-pavilions everywhere, I can exchange them elsewhere, it will be fine.”
“As for you being able to win the money, it’s not because of your own discerning eyes, you should have won this money.”
Shen Ji Zi smiled awkwardly, if he hadn’t followed Chen Ping for a while and knew Chen Ping’s strength, there was no way Shen Ji Zi would have bet on Chen Ping!
After following Shen Ji Zi and chatting for a few moments, Chen Ping then asked Ji Yun to start the dirigible to begin travelling towards the Soul Demon Sect!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace and those Holy Maidens had hardly ever travelled on a dirigible before, so they were all very curious, and each one of them kept looking around on the dirigible!
Through the portholes, they could see the scenery outside, and there were rooms to rest, sleep and cultivate!
There was also no need to waste the slightest bit of one’s spiritual energy, it was simply too refreshing!
“No wonder the Wantong Pavilion is so financially strong, and all the local forces don’t dare to mess with it, so it’s so comfortable to sit in a dirigible.”
“This Wan Tong Pavilion has quite a few airships, many cultivators can be to take the Wan Tong Pavilion’s airships, sit once to talk a lot of money.”
“Now we don’t have to spend money, we can also sit on the airship, it’s really great ……”
Lan Yingying said with great shock!
“This blimp is indeed quite comfortable ……” Guanghan Palace Master also said with some shock!
“This kind of blimp, Ji Yun’s family has quite a few of them, his family also makes money by using blimps to solicit passengers.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Upon hearing that Ji Yun’s family had quite a few of these airships, the many Saint Maidens all looked at Ji Yun in shock!
If it wasn’t for the rules of the Guanghan Palace, it was estimated that many of the Saint Maidens would want to throw themselves into Ji Yun’s arms, this kind of rich second generation could not be seen very often!