Wu Xi hurriedly followed him out too, at this moment Gao Baisheng seemed to have aged a lot in an instant, and said to Wu Xi, “You can invite Mr. Chen to my room, I don’t deserve to stay in a room like that!”
Wu Xi nodded and went back to Chen Ping’s room, following Chen Ping and relaying Gao Baisheng’s words, Chen Ping didn’t push back and went straight to the room at the end of the corridor!
It was getting darker and darker, and the streets outside were alive with neon signs!
“Wu Xi, you accompany me out for a walk, I’ll see if there’s anything good!”
Chen Ping said to Wu Xi.
“Good, I’ll show Mr. Chen to the trade street, it’s all set up temporarily for the convenience of martial artists from all over the world to trade the treasures they hold.”
Wu Xi nodded his head!
Soon, Wu Xi led Chen Ping to the Trade Street, which was teeming with people, lined with people selling herbs, pills, some jade pendants, furnaces and other things, as well as weapons such as swords and knives, so to speak!
He had hoped to find a better spirit weapon here, to help Su Yuqi refine a protective spirit weapon!
Wu Xi saw Chen Ping’s disappointment and said, “Mr. Chen, the good things that appear here would normally be gotten by the Pill King Mansion, where would they still be in circulation here, the Pill King Mansion is holding this martial arts gathering for this very reason!”
Chen Ping nodded, remembering that he still had the Little Returning Pill he had refined on him, he said to Wu Xi, “If I want to sell something here, do I need any formalities?”
“No need, just find an empty place to set up a stall!” Wu Xi shook his head, “Could it be that Mr. Chen has something to sell?”
“Well, I have some elixirs in my hand that I want to sell!”
Chen Ping said, finding an empty place and then pulling out the Small Returning Pill!
Wu Xi looked at the black, unpleasant elixir in Chen Ping’s hand and asked with slight confusion, “Mr. Chen, what is the name of this elixir of yours?”
“Xiao Hui Dan ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Oh!” Wu Xi had never heard of it and could only let out an oh!
However, Chen Ping’s words, Xiao Yang Dan, were overheard by a Pill King Mansion servant pa*sing by, and after hearing the three words Xiao Yang Dan, that Pill King Mansion servant subconsciously glanced at Chen Ping before hurriedly leaving!
Soon, the Pill King’s House butler, Old Qiu, rushed over with the Pill King’s House’s subordinates!
Sun Simiao was asking Old Qiu to inquire about the Small Returning Pill, but because he was busy with the martial arts gathering, Old Qiu hadn’t had time to go to Yuncheng and Hongcheng to investigate, so this time when he heard from his subordinates that someone was selling the Small Returning Pill on the Trade Street, he immediately brought his men over!
Old Qiu glanced at Chen Ping before asking, “This little brother, what is the name of this elixir of yours?”
“Xiao Hui Dan!” Chen Ping said truthfully.
Old Qiu did not say anything, but gently picked up the elixir and gently sniffed it, before crushing it and putting it in his mouth to taste it!
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned: “You people don’t say whether to buy or not, but you actually crushed my elixir?”
At this moment, Wu Xi hurriedly ambled into Chen Ping’s ear, “Mr. Chen, this is the steward of the Pill King’s residence, it is possible that he has bought all this elixir of yours”
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood, and then nodded his head!
After Old Qiu tasted it, a brilliant light appeared in his eyes, “Little brother, how much does this Little Returning Pill of yours cost for one?”
“Two million!” Chen Ping spoke indifferently!
“Good, I’ll take them all!” Old Qiu said readily, then ordered someone to count the quantity and continued to ask Chen Ping, “I would like to ask little brother, what kind of person made this elixir of yours?”
“I made it myself!” Chen Ping said.
“You refined it?” Old Qiu looked at Chen Ping with a burst of surprise, his eyes filled with incredulity!