And it was true that these few people from the Miao Village were entrusted by Qin Xiaotian, who had given them benefits that they had no way to refuse, and these few people from the Miao Village had only agreed to Qin Xiaotian to help get rid of Chen Ping!
“Since you want to deal with Mr. Chen, all the more reason why you can’t leave, because soon Mr. Chen will be here ……”
Zhao Wuji said to the Dali head.
It wasn’t that Zhao Wuji deliberately betrayed Chen Ping, but rather Zhao Wuji knew that with just these few people from the Miao Cottage, there was no way that they could be Chen Ping’s opponent.
Sure enough, as soon as Zhao Wuji finished speaking, the Dali head faintly stared, “So Chen Ping is really coming over?”
“Of course, I’ve called Mr. Chen!”
Zhao Wuji nodded.
The Dali Head looked at Zhao Wuji and suddenly let out a cold laugh, “In that case, then we’ll wait for him, do you want that Chen Ping to come over and stop us? When that Chen Ping arrives, I will show you how childish and ridiculous your idea is. Although that Chen Ping is not bad in strength, he will not be able to fight back at all when he meets us.”
The Dali head was not afraid of Chen Ping in the slightest, although Chen Ping had the ability to kill Qian Feng, had the ability to force out and kill his puppet worms, but in the eyes of the Dali head, these were nothing.
Although the strength of the five of them alone might not be very high, but the most frightening thing about them was their union. More than ten years of training had long made these five people work together as if they were one person.
Seeing the Dali head’s confident look, Zhao Wuji suddenly felt a bit lost in his heart, he didn’t know whether he was right or wrong to call Chen Ping over, if Chen Ping was really no match for these five men, wouldn’t he be an accomplice?
Just when Zhao Wuji was a little overwhelmed, thinking whether he should call Chen Ping in, Chen Ping had already arrived.
“Pavilion Master Zhao ……”
Chen Ping walked into the courtyard and shouted towards Zhao Wuji.
Zhao Wouji saw Chen Ping arrive and hurriedly greeted him: “Mr. Chen, be careful, these five guys from the Miao Village are very difficult to deal with, when you see the situation is not right, you run, leave us alone, they do not dare to kill us, but they will kill you, I guess the Qin family did not give them a lot of benefits …… ”
Zhao Wuji reminded Chen Ping, hope Chen Ping can not fight, run, do not die for nothing!
Chen Ping swept a glance at the five people from the Miao Village and smiled faintly at Zhao Wuji, “It’s alright, I will pay attention, but I want to say something up front, if they kill me, then if I kill them, it won’t bring trouble to Pavilion Master Zhao, right?”
“No, I will send someone to record it, if they really want to kill Mr. Chen, Mr. Chen will be defending himself if he kills them, if the people of the Miao Village don’t agree, I will release it to them, only I am afraid that I won’t be able to help much when you are fighting ……”
Zhao Wuji knew that if it was really a life and death fight, it was not appropriate for him to intervene in this capacity, and even if he intervened with this strength, it was probably useless.
“I can do it myself!” Chen Ping was confident, after he had finished quenching his body, Chen Ping had not fought yet, and he was now desperate to know what level his physical body had reached.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you’re quite fast at finding people, how come it’s only half a day’s work and you’ve already found these people ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhao Wuji with admiration and said.
“Half a day?” Zhao Wuji froze for a moment, “Mr. Chen, this is already the third day, I used all my manpower to find these guys, if I can’t find them tonight, if you leave tomorrow, then I don’t know what to do!”
“Uh …………”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he didn’t have a concept of time when he was quenching his body, he opened his eyes and saw that it was still night and thought that only a few hours had pa*sed, but he didn’t think that it had been three days, he had quenched his body for three whole days ……