As long as the people from Demon Emperor City arrived, that would be Hu Yixiao’s time to die!
Ten minutes, quickly passed, seeing that the Third Elder surprisingly still had no intention of submitting, Hu Yixiao’s body began to emit a gust of tyrannical aura!
“Third Elder, since you are stubborn, then don’t blame me ……”
Saying so, Hu Yixiao unexpectedly rose up into the sky, heading straight for the Third Elder!
The Third Elder was not a match for that Hu Yixiao, but seeing Hu Yixiao strike, he also followed his breath as it rose up!
But just as the Third Elder was preparing to meet the battle, suddenly a breath behind him arrived instantaneously!
That Hu Yixiao, who had leapt up, was directly struck by this breath, and his entire body directly flew backwards!
Then he fell heavily to the ground, spitting blood from his mouth and suffering from serious injuries!
Hu Yixiao was confused, he didn’t understand just who it was that would have such strength to make himself fall to the ground with serious injuries with a single breath out of thin air!
“Tiny Harmonisation Realm cultivator, really doesn’t know the heights of heaven and earth …………”
Chen Ping’s figure slowly appeared, with Liu Ruyan and the girls behind him!
Seeing Chen Ping appear, the Third Elder was instantly surprised.
On the other hand, that Hu Yixiao frowned as he realised that Chen Ping’s strength had actually risen to the eighth grade of the Harmonious Realm in a short period of time, following their Heavenly Elder to the same level of strength!
Hu Yixiao did not know that the Jade Tripod Sect’s Heavenly Elder was now afraid that he could not even be considered a mole in Chen Ping’s eyes!
“You actually didn’t die? Could it be that you also escaped from the Demon Emperor City?”
Hu Yixiao asked as he looked towards Chen Ping!
“Escaped?” Chen Ping smiled coldly “Why would I want to escape, the one who wants to escape is that Li King, only that Li King will never have the chance to escape again, he has already been killed by me ……”
“You are talking nonsense, the Knight King is a great cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, how could he be killed by you.”
“You dare to talk nonsense about our Knight King, you simply deserve to die ……”
A general in armour beside Hu Yixiao roared!
“The Jade Cauldron Sect still has people from the Ming Knight King’s City ah, almost letting you become a fish in the net.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked directly towards that general!
That general was a Harmonisation Realm 9th Grade cultivator, where would he be afraid of Chen Ping, he directly roared angrily and rushed up with his weapon in hand!
Seeing this, Chen Ping gently waved his palm, and a terrifying aura burst out from Chen Ping’s body!
Boom …………
With such a gentle wave of Chen Ping’s hand, that Harmonisation Realm 9th Grade general’s body directly exploded and turned into slag!
Seeing this scene, Hu Yixiao was dumbfounded!
Ninth level of the Harmonisation Realm?
A casual wave of the hand turned him into dregs?
Then Chen Ping’s strike on himself just now was merciful, otherwise he would have become scum at this point!
Hu Yixiao didn’t understand how Chen Ping, a Harmonisation Realm 8th Grade cultivator, could have this kind of strength!
But now he didn’t dare to think too much, saving his life was important!
So Hu Yixiao fell to his knees and started begging for mercy!
“Mercy, mercy, I won’t dare to do it again. ……”
Hu Yixiao kowtowed like garlic, but Chen Ping did not even look at him!
“Ruyan, how to punish him, you decide yourself!”
The reason why Chen Ping did not kill Hu Yixiao just now was to let Ruyan Liu decide for herself!
After all, Ruyan Liu was the Jade Tripod Sect’s Patriarch at this time!
Ruyan Liu nodded, then walked towards Hu Yixiao with an icy face!
“Spare your life, Sovereign spare your life ah ……”
Hu Yixiao looked at Liu Ruyan who was walking towards him and started begging for mercy again!
However, Ruyan Liu did not have any mercy, if Hu Yixiao did not hit the Jade Tripod Sect’s idea again, Ruyan Liu did not want to bother with him!
But Hu Yixiao’s heart is not dead, how can Liu Ruyan let him go!
Only to see a flash of cold light in Ruyan Liu’s hand, Hu Yixiao’s head instantly flew out!
The Jade Tripod Sect’s crisis was resolved by Chen Ping with a wave of his hand!
This was strength!
Chen Ping recalled that when he first came to the Jade Tripod Sect, he was still being targeted and suppressed, but now he was able to make the Jade Tripod Sect fall apart with a wave of his hand!
This was the change brought about by strength!