Accompanied by Zou Qi’s shout, those Heavenly Underworld Gang members all leaned in tightly together, each of them strangling their spells, their fingertips flickering with light!
Zou Qi, on the other hand, waved his palms together, causing the formation pattern to stir continuously, while he was staring at the formation pattern, looking for the eye of the formation to break the formation!
However, that formation pattern was like turbulence, constantly raging, it was not easy to observe at all, and from time to time, there were gang members who were injured by the turbulence of that formation pattern!
“Gang master, this formation is too powerful, we’d better go out ……”
Zou Qi was somewhat unable to hold on any longer, so he asked Qi Peijia!
Qi Pei A did not speak, but stared tightly at the formation pattern surging, then the Heavenly Underworld Eyes opened, and the entire space instantly turned blood red!
The surging formation pattern, under Qi Peijia’s Heavenly Underworld Eyes, surprisingly became crystal clear, and even the direction and location of the formation pattern surging was clearly seen by Qi Peijia.
“Left front, fifteen paces away is where the formation eye is, these formation patterns are all surging out from that place.”
Qi Peijia said loudly!
Upon hearing this, Zou Qi hurriedly followed Qi Peijia’s instructions and headed towards the eye of that formation against the surging formation patterns!
Just as Zou Qi struggled to swing his fist towards that formation eye, suddenly a gap opened and Zou Qi was sucked into it!
Seeing this, Qi Peijia rushed after him with the rest of the Heavenly Underworld Gang, and was similarly sucked into the gap!
The gap then disappeared, reverting back to its original form, and the formation continued to surge!
But the few Heavenly Underworld Gang members who had just been injured had become castaways and were left behind!
A few people could only wait to be wrapped up in the formation and killed once again!
And at this moment, Chen Ping had also arrived at the top of the mountain peak!
Looking at the great hall that was surrounded by immortal mist and was very spectacular, Chen Ping was also puzzled inwardly!
Although puzzled, Chen Ping still walked towards that great hall, only to see that the door of the great hall was open, obviously someone had entered!
After Chen Ping glanced around, he also walked into the hall!
Just after walking into the hall, he realised that the light inside the hall was flickering and the formation patterns were surging, obviously there was a formation that had been activated by someone!
Looking at the surging and chaotic formation patterns, it was as if someone had just had a fierce battle here!
Chen Ping did not hesitate and directly walked into the surging formation patterns, while his entire person was instantly surrounded by the formation!
Formation patterns with offensive qualities began to come towards Chen Ping continuously!
Chen Ping saw several cultivators sitting on the ground with a wound on their bodies and their faces were pale, obviously they were not lightly injured!
These were the Heavenly Underworld Gang members who had been attacked and injured in the middle of the formation, they were seriously injured and had no way in following Qi Peijia and their quest, so they stayed behind!
Chen Ping took a look and guessed that these must be the gang members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang!
These people should have been injured by the formation and stayed here!
Chen Ping just glanced at them and did not care about them, instead, as if he had entered no man’s land, he directly walked towards the eye of that formation!
Although the formation pattern was very powerful and carried a strong aggressiveness, Chen Ping was not afraid in the slightest!
Those formation patterns came towards Chen Ping, Chen Ping did not even bother to look at them!
This was because Chen Ping had long since seen that the attacks of this formation could not cause him any harm!
Chen Ping’s Golden Dragon true body, all of his copper and iron bones, his physical body had already reached a strong point, and this mere array pattern could not hurt him!
The few injured members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang were all confused as they watched Chen Ping walk towards the eye of the formation as if he had entered a no man’s land!
So many people from the Heavenly Underworld Gang had failed to break the formation together, and many of them had been injured, but in the end, it was Qi Peijia who had used the Heavenly Underworld Eyes to find the eye of the formation!
Now Chen Ping was alone, and he had found the eye of the formation without any injuries!