“Mr Chen, we’re out of the formation area, our spiritual power has been restored, let’s run quickly!”
Bing Lu glanced at the blackened demonic beasts at the bottom of the mountain and said to Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping did not move, after observing the terrain for a while, then quickly carved formation patterns on the ground!
Chen Ping knew that if he allowed these demonic beasts to charge up the mountain, then with all these Extreme Stones on the mountain, he was afraid that they wouldn’t be able to get much at all!
With so many demonic beasts, the amount of pole stones needed was massive!
They had worked so hard just to find the Pole Stone, now that they had found the Pole Stone, only to have it taken away by these demonic beasts, how could Chen Ping be willing to do so!
Chen Ping had carved many offensive formations.
Chen Ping’s reason for carving formations in this place here was also because he wanted to bet that these demonic beasts would also turn into ordinary beasts when they entered the formation under the mountain and could only rely on brute force to hurt people!
Rumble ……
The tide of beasts that had broken out of the chaotic land, this time seemed to be like wild horses that had taken off their reins and swarmed to the place!
With a hiss, the excitement of those demonic beasts could also be heard!
Ice Dew and the girls looked at the black wave that kept approaching under the mountain, and each of them had a very ugly face!
Everyone sacrificed their frost swords and clutched them in their hands with death!
This time, I’m afraid it’s going to be a bitter battle!
At this time, the ones who were most scared were still the many cultivators in the middle of the formation!
They didn’t believe Chen Ping’s words, but now they were faced with this perilous situation!
If they didn’t rush out of this formation by the time the beast tide reached here, they would die a miserable death!
Everyone was desperately running towards the mountain, some were crawling on their hands and knees, all kinds of things, long gone was the decency of a cultivator!
Right now, they were just ordinary people!
In front of life and death, there was only the instinct to flee!
Ouyang Zhenhua was also being supported by a few juniors as he kept running towards the mountain!
However, the beast tide was getting closer and closer, and these cultivators still had some distance to run out of the range of the formation!
These people looked at Chen Ping, they could only desperately call for help, “Fellow Daoist, help, help ah ……”.
These cultivators knew that Chen Ping and the others must have run out of the range of the formation, and that was why they stopped and held their weapons in strict wait!<br>
These though called for help, but they also knew that without relatives, who would risk saving them?
Into this formation, is an ordinary person, what to save!
It was only the instinct to survive that made them call for help!
Chen Ping looked at the cultivators who were about to be caught up by the wave of beasts, and there seemed to be a decision in his eyes!
“Binglu, you guys guard this place, if these demonic beasts break through the formation, you guys immediately withdraw and continue up the mountain!”
Chen Ping said to Bing Lu!
“Mr Chen, what are you going to do?”
Bing Lu asked doubtfully!
“I will go and save these people ……”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, don’t do anything stupid ah, you’re alone, how can you save them?”
“What’s more, if you step into that formation, your spiritual power will disappear and you will become an ordinary person’s, what will you use to save them?”
Bing Lu rushed to dissuade Chen Ping!
“I have my own way, try it and you’ll know if it works!”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he held the Dragon Chopper Sword in his hand!
“Nine Shadow Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword was waved and a shadow appeared!
Immediately after that, six identical Chen Ping stood neatly together!
Everyone had the same aura on them!
This shocked Bing Lu and the others!
They could not tell which one was Chen Ping’s true form!
Chen Ping was trying to have the doppelgangers created by the Nine Shadow Sword Technique to enter the formation and block the beast tide!
However, he didn’t know if the formation would produce suppression on the doppelgangers.
Logically, there would be no suppression, after all, the strength of these doppelgangers was also supplied from Chen Ping’s main body!
As long as Chen Ping’s main body was not suppressed by the formation, then the spiritual energy within him would be used by these doppelgangers!
It was precisely because of this that Chen Ping tried it!
“Ah …………”
There were already cultivators who had been caught up by the wave of beasts and were then directly trampled to death!
Along with someone being trampled to death, the many cultivators panicked even more!