“b*****d, this is all the world I have made for myself, how can I give it to you ……”
After Jin Fusheng finished speaking, his body rose with anger and slammed his fist towards Jin Fuwang.
He wanted to kill this wolf-hearted brother himself.
Jin Fuwang was so frightened that he hastily hid behind Du Ziteng, while a Grand Master behind Du Ziteng dodged and followed up with a kick.
Jin Fusheng was kicked heavily and then fell to the ground, spitting blood from his mouth.
Jin Fusheng looked at Jin Fuwang angrily and gritted his teeth to death, “If I die, everything in the Jin family will not fall into your hands either ……”
“Whether it will fall into my hands or not, that’s up to you, when the time comes I will say that you died by accident, then the position of the head of the Jin family, will naturally fall into my head.”
“And I also know that you have several women outside, each as beautiful as a flower, all good looking, after you die, I can take care of them for you ……”
Jin Fu Wang saw that Jin Fusheng had fallen to the ground injured, so he walked out from behind Du Ziteng with a smug face and said.
“b*****d, beast, you are a beast ……”
Jin Fusheng was trembling with anger, and a mouthful of blood kept gushing out from his mouth.
He had never imagined that he would end up in the situation he was in today.
“Retribution, this might be retribution ah ……”
Jin Fusheng looked up to the sky and sighed.
He didn’t know how many people he had killed in his life, and the only way he could reach his current position was to be ruthless and ruthless.
But now he was being counted by his own brother, this might be the retribution.
“Kill me, you guys kill me ……”
Jin Fusheng closed his eyes, at this moment, his heart was like dead ashes!
Du Ziteng glanced at Jin Fuwang, then handed him a dagger, “You go ……”
Jin Fuwang was startled and didn’t dare to take Du Ziteng’s dagger, shaking his head repeatedly, “Du Gongzi, I …… wouldn’t dare!”
“If you don’t kill him, then it will prove that you are disloyal to my Du family, then I will kill you!”
Du Ziteng’s face was cold as he said.
Jin Fuwang’s body trembled and could only tremble as he took the dagger and slowly walked towards Jin Fusheng.
Jin Fusheng looked at Jin Fuwang who was walking over and stared at him viciously.
“b*****d, you will not be allowed to die a good death ……”
Jin Fusheng gritted his teeth and said.
“Hmph, how I die, you won’t be able to see it ……”
Jin Fu Wang said, raised his dagger and stabbed towards Jin Fusheng.
Clang ……
Just as the dagger in Jin Fuwang’s hand was about to stab into Jin Fusheng’s body, there was a sudden crisp sound and the dagger in Jin Fuwang’s hand flew straight out.
Jin Fuwang was startled, while Du Ziteng’s face was shocked, “What kind of person?”
Those three Grand Masters also hurriedly looked around.
“I still have business to discuss, you guys can’t kill him for now ……”
As an icy voice came out, followed by a figure slowly walking inside the courtyard.
“Mr. Chen …… Chen?”
Seeing the visitor, Jin Fusheng had a surprised face.
He never expected that Chen Ping would appear at this time, it was like a divine soldier from heaven.
“Who are you?”
Du Ziteng looked at Chen Ping and asked with a cautious face.
“Didn’t I just say, talk business ……”
Chen Ping said, walking towards Jin Fusheng, and then pulled Jin Fusheng up from the ground.
“Mr. Chen …… Chen, it’s great that you’re here, great ……”
Jin Fusheng was so excited that he started to stutter, if Chen Ping hadn’t come, he would have been a corpse by now.
“I’m here to talk to you about some business and rent a cruise ship, I didn’t expect to catch you just in time ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Mr. Chen, you use a boat, just give an order, all the boats are at your disposal, why do you need to rent it ……”
Chen Ping was the savior of Jin Fusheng at this moment, not to mention Chen Ping using the boat, even if all the boats were given to Chen Ping, Jin Fusheng would not hesitate.