But this tiger was much bigger than that fire wolf and had an even more terrifying aura about it!
“Flaming tiger, flaming tiger …………”
Seeing this demonic beast, Hou Zhen’s body was actually trembling, and his speech had become stumbling!
Chen Ping looked at Hou Zhen’s appearance and felt a bit strange, although this Flaming Tiger’s aura was terrifying and its strength was definitely not shy, but there were so many of them, Hou Zhen shouldn’t be afraid like this ah?
“Monkey, why are you so scared? Is this Flaming Tiger very powerful?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“Mr. Chen doesn’t know, this Flaming Tiger is the king of all beasts, this area of the demon beast mountain range should all be the territory of this Flaming Tiger.”
“A single Flaming Tiger is not that scary, so many of us can completely deal with it, but he can summon hundreds or thousands of demonic beasts, if there is a tide of beasts, then I’m afraid that all of us will not even have any bones left!”
Hou Zhen followed Chen Ping and explained.
Only when Chen Ping heard this did he understand that what Hou Zhen was afraid of was not this fiery tiger, but that the fiery tiger would call for other demonic beasts!
At this moment, when Jin Yuan and Lu Factory saw the blazing tiger, they had the same panicked expression on their faces!
The two men looked at each other and then shouted, “Everyone, let’s do it together, we must kill this Flaming Tiger as fast as possible, we must not let him summon other demonic beasts!”
Having said that, Jin Yuan and Lu Factory struck out at the Flaming Tiger at the same time!
And the people they each brought with them also rushed up, if they couldn’t kill this Flaming Tiger at the first time, when the Flaming Tiger summoned other demonic beasts, then they wouldn’t have a chance!
The blazing tiger hissed loudly in the face of the crowd’s attack, its bloody mouth snapped open and a jet of flame erupted with a terrifying aura, the flame instantly engulfed the two Ruined Moon Fort disciples, directly burning those two to ashes!
Lv Factory had no time to check on his men, the long sword in his hand ruthlessly stabbed the Flaming Tiger in the neck!
Jin Yuan also struck at the same time, several flying swords with glittering light, heading straight for the Flaming Tiger!
The flaming tiger seemed to sense the danger, and its long, thick tail fiercely whipped out with a fierce force, smacking the tiger’s body and sending it flying!
The flying daggers of Jin Yuan all hit the Flaming Tiger, but after a clear sound and a burst of fire, they were all bounced away!
Although it did not hurt the Flaming Tiger, it still caused the Flaming Tiger to hiss in pain, and then a tail was like a steel whip, constantly beating those who approached him!
The huge tiger claws, simply invincible, could smash a man’s head in one direct slap!
In just the blink of an eye, several people from the Zhangyue Pavilion had also died under that Flaming Tiger!
“Chen Ping, do you guys just want to watch the show?”
Jin Yuan roared in anger when he saw that Chen Ping’s three men were not even making a move!
Seeing Chen Ping’s trio make a move, Lu Factory was also somewhat furious, “If we all die, there is no way you guys can escape under this Flaming Tiger either.”
With that said, Chen Ping then reached out his hand and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
Immediately afterwards, the dragon crystal flickered and countless divine dragon powers began to converge as Chen Ping’s Dragon Chopper Sword emitted a dazzling light.
An illusionary golden dragon began to slowly appear behind Chen Ping!
The originally manic and fierce Flaming Tiger suddenly froze after seeing the golden dragon behind Chen Ping, followed by a few moments of panic in its eyes!
“Roar …………”
After a roar, the Flaming Tiger turned around and ran!
“We must not let it run away ……” Jin Yuan said and was about to chase after it, but was stopped by Lu Factory Lan.
“Don’t chase, this kind of demonic beast, we can’t catch up, it’s better to leave here as soon as possible, or no one will be able to leave!”
Lv factory followed Jin Yuan and said.