The boss’s body was constantly shaking and his face began to twist in pain, as if he was suffering great pain!
“You evil cultivators, let you also taste what it’s like to be sucked ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s face was indifferent and looked cruel.
Soon, the boss’s body was shrinking, and in the end, it was surprisingly only a very small pile of skin and bones that remained and collapsed to the ground.
Looking at the tragic death of the Boss, the other three guys were so scared that they couldn’t speak.
They had always relied on sucking the essence of others to increase their time, but they had never thought that one day, they would be sucked out of their power by others.
With a flick of Chen Ping’s finger, a light blue flame fell onto the boss’s corpse, and soon the corpse was burned clean.
“Chen …… Chen Ping, we have no enmity, I hope you can spare us, you are looking for the Martial Alliance, we are not from the Martial Alliance!”
Lao Er trembled and said to Chen Ping.
“Where is Zhu Zhi Shan?”
Chen Ping asked coldly.
Lao Er shook his head, “I don’t know, maybe it’s in the backyard!”
Chen Ping looked at the three who were already terrified and with a casual wave of his hand, the forbidden space was lifted.
“Now you guys take me to the dungeon of the Martial Alliance ……”
Chen Ping said to the three guys.
“I …… we don’t have a way to open the dungeon, every time we enter it, it’s the Zhu Alliance Master who takes us in.”
Lao Er said in a small voice.
“You guys just take me there, it’s none of your business if you can open it or not!”
Chen Ping said icily.
“Then …… then can you spare us if we take you there?”
Lao Er inquired at Chen Ping.
Just as Lao Er finished his words, killing intent burst out of Chen Ping’s eyes, “You’re negotiating terms with me?”
After saying this, Chen Ping’s palm flashed with golden light as he grabbed towards Old Two!
Before the old man had time to react, he was directly grabbed by Chen Ping.
The energy in his body was draining away rapidly, and in just a few dozen seconds, the old man was turned into a pile of dead bones ……
With this, it scared that old man three and old man four so much that they almost didn’t wet their trousers.
They inwardly cursed Zhu Zhi Shan desperately.
Such a powerful man had only asked the four of them to come and die, while Zhu Zhi Shan was nowhere to be seen.
“You two take me to …….”
Chen Ping looked at Old Three and Old Four and said coldly.
“Good good …………”
The two nodded their heads repeatedly, then led Chen Ping to the backyard!
The two men didn’t dare to make any move and brought Chen Ping to a false mountain, then pointed to a hole in the false mountain and said, “This is the entrance to the dungeon ……”
“You two go in first ……”
Chen Ping said as he pointed to the hole.
The two guys didn’t dare to say anything and went straight in, with Chen Ping following behind.
After just a short walk, they saw a large door.
The gate was ancient bronze with two lion heads carved on it, looking somewhat frightening.
“This gate, we don’t know how to open it, only Lord Zhu can open it.”
Lao San said with a trembling voice.
Chen Ping looked at the gate, then stood at the door and gently placed his palm on it.
A ray of divine sense emanated out, and he wanted to emanate it to probe inside the dungeon!
But just as his divine sense radiated out, it was as if it was blocked by something.
Here, although his divine sense was not cut off, it could not enter the dungeon at all.
Chen Ping raised his hand, and a golden light shone above his palm.
A palm then slapped towards the door.
The strength of Chen Ping’s palm was ten thousand pounds, but when it hit the gate, nothing happened.
Not even a single sound was made, as if the ten thousand catties of power had disappeared after touching the gate.
Chen Ping frowned, then slapped out again!
Chen Ping’s forehead was drenched in sweat as he slapped out several palms in a row, but the gate did not move at all!