The stewardess also rushed over to stop him, “Sir, this is on a plane, what are you doing?”
Zheng Kai was having a hard time right now, so he didn’t care about that, he directly pushed the stewardess away and then took off his clothes while rubbing himself on the seat, while the crowd was looking at Zheng Kai with strange eyes!
In the end, Zheng Kai took off all his trousers, and when they were off, the strange itchy feeling on Zheng Kai’s body instantly disappeared.
Zheng Kai picked up his trousers and found that there was a talisman attached to them.
At this moment, Zheng Kai was instantly on fire and looked viciously at Pockmarked Hu. He didn’t need to think about it to know that the talisman was pasted on his body by Pockmarked Hu.
“Old thing, I didn’t expect to be a talisman master, when we get off the plane, I’ll pick your skin ……”
Zheng Kai said through gritted teeth, then put his clothes on.
But Hu Puzi was not pleased, looking at that Zheng Kai like a fool!
Looking at that look of Hu Pocky, Zhou Jie, who had been expressionless and did not speak, spoke up, “You have offended the Zheng family’s careful young master, it’s bad luck ……”
Hu Pocky faintly stared, “You know him?”
“Who doesn’t know him in the entire South Lake? His father Zheng Anguo is the city lord of South Lake City, the entire South Lake City is owned by their family ……”
Zhou Jie said with a cold smile.
Pocky Hu was a little incredulous, and even Chen Ping, who had been faking sleep, opened his eyes!
“There’s still this kind of thing now? Isn’t this taking over the mountain as king? Doesn’t anyone have any control over it?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Zhou Jie.
One had to know that in this society now, where was there still the kind of thing that used to happen when one took over a mountain and made oneself the lord of the city.
“This kind of small border town belongs to the Three Regardless Zone, so no one has the time to take care of it.”
“So there is a power vacuum here, this Zheng family has been operating in Nanhu for many years, and now that Zheng An Guo is already the city lord.”
Zhou Jie explained.
“F*ck, this kid has such a powerful father?”
Pocky Hu couldn’t help but look at Zheng Kai twice more!
“But the son of the lord of a city, this guy is also a Martial Marquis strength, that’s too lame.”
Chen Ping saw that Zheng Kai was only Martial Marquis strength at the highest, this was indeed somewhat inadequate for the son of a city lord!
“That kind of small border town must be lacking in resources, so I guess it’s already very good to reach Martial Marquis strength.”
Hu Ma Zi explained.
“I reckon so!” Chen Ping nodded, agreeing with Hu Pazzi’s view.
“Both of you are wrong, although Nanhu is a small border town, but the Zheng family is able to control a vast area, the whole Nanhu is hundreds of miles around, all belong to the Zheng family’s sphere of influence.”
“And I heard that that Zheng Anguo seized the entire South Lake City’s creation for his own cultivation, do you think the Zheng family would have less resources?”
Zhou Jie asked indifferently.
At this moment, Chen Ping and Hu Pazi both froze, this seizing the entire city’s creation for cultivation, how much more could this be?
It seemed that the Zheng family was rich and powerful, it wasn’t a lack of resources at all!
“So it seems that this Zheng Kai is really a waste, with such resources, he is only a Martial Marquis ……”
Hu Pazzi said.
“Master Hu, I think you should be more restrained, even if that Zheng Kai is a Martial Marquis, when you enter someone else’s territory, you will still be at a disadvantage.”
Chen Ping told Pocky Hu to keep a low profile, they had come to follow the Demon Spirit Sect to talk about cooperation and then find a way to save Su Yuqi.
It wasn’t to come over to fight and brawl with people.
“Miss Zhou, since the entire South Lake belongs to the Zheng Family, your Demon Spirit Sect is also in the South Lake, doesn’t the Zheng Family care?”
Chen Ping asked, somewhat puzzled.
After all, no matter if it was a family or a clan, another force appeared on their own territory, they would definitely not agree.
Zhou Jie smiled, “Our Demon Spirit Sect is in the secret realm, what does it matter if we follow the Zheng Family ……”