“A god?” Zhu Zhishan’s eyes went wide and an incredulous look flashed across his face.
“Could that Chen Ping be …………”
Zhu Zhishan’s heart was thumping and his face changed and changed.
Just then, two men with iron masks walked in, and upon seeing these two men, Zhu Zhishan instantly turned pale.
“Zhu Zhishan, as the alliance alliance leader, you actually did something that disgraced the alliance, the great power is very angry, and you even dare to deceive the great power, do you know the crime ……”
One of them said in a cold voice.
Zhu Zhishan’s legs trembled in fear and he almost did not kneel down directly.
“Two Enforcement Amba*sadors, I did kill that Chen Ping at that time, I definitely did not lie, now it is just rumored that that Chen Ping is still alive.”
“I will immediately go and investigate, as long as that Chen Ping is really alive, I will never let him go, I will definitely take his head and offer it to the great powers.”
Zhu Zhishan said with a trembling body.
“Hmph, the Great Power is already very displeased, do your own best, you only have this one chance ……”
After saying that, the two law enforcement amba*sadors turned around and left!
After the two law enforcement amba*sadors left, Zhu Zhishan didn’t stop for a moment and hurriedly went to the slums on the outskirts of Kyoto, heading straight for Hu Ma Zi’s residence.
But when Zhu Zhishan saw that the door of Pocky Hu’s residence was locked and no one was there at all, he couldn’t help but curse angrily, “D*mn it, he ran away ……”
………………
Kyoto, the Long family!
Long Jingguo’s face had been tense all this time, and he hadn’t been happy after learning that his son was possessed by a spirit.
“Dad, you were right, that Chen Ping is really not dead, looks like I can take revenge with my own hands ……”
Long Xiao was overjoyed when he saw the news that Chen Ping was not dead yet.
“Xiao’er, that Chen Ping’s strength, now has surged, even Zhu Zhishan can’t kill him, so you must not take the enemy lightly!”
Long Jingguo reminded Long Xiao.
“Dad, don’t worry about it, that Chen Ping’s strength is growing fast, but I’m not growing slowly either, but I hope you can help me find some martial arts experts, I need to practice ……”
Long Xiao said to Long Jingguo.
Long Jingguo knew what Long Xiao meant, he was trying to suck up other people’s kung fu to improve his own strength.
But in a place like Kyoto, Long Xiao openly sucking up the kung fu of other martial arts masters would definitely attract Mr. Shi’s attention.
Besides, there had just been a meeting not long ago, and Mr. Shi had specifically mentioned this point.
But if Long Xiao wanted to take revenge, he still only had the path of sucking up other people’s kung fu, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to kill that Chen Ping at all.
“Good, this matter cannot be rushed, I will think of a way to facilitate an experience for you in, once you get to the place of experience, you can do whatever you want!”
Long Jingguo said indifferently.
“Then thank you, my dear father ……”
“Hahahaha …………”
Long Xiao laughed and left!
And Long Jingguo was looking hard, to be able to facilitate an adventure, the Martial Arts Union would definitely not be out of the adventure place, and the place would need to be out of their Long family!
The place had to be attractive enough, and these were the resources of the Long Family, so Long Jingguo was reluctant to give them away!
But for the sake of his son, he had no choice but to do his best now.
Long Jingguo got up and went to contact the other clans. In order to facilitate this adventure, he would need the help of other clans.
It would require the approval of the Martial Arts Union and then Mr. Shi’s approval, which was a very tedious procedure!
And there is another important point: Long Jingguo cannot allow too many important people to participate, if all the important people participate and all of them die in the training place, it will definitely cause turmoil.
If all the important people took part and all of them died in the training place, it would definitely cause turmoil. Maybe someone would suspect their Long family’s head, so no matter the place or the candidate, Long Jingguo must consider it carefully.
At this moment, Long Jingguo feels like his head is about to explode ……