“Second uncle, don’t spit blood, that Qin Jingyu died by blowing himself up, ask your own sons and daughters, they saw it too.”
Ji Meiyan said to Ji Lianying!
“No need to ask, it was killed.” Ji Lianying was just trying to find an excuse now, as for what the real situation was, it didn’t matter at all!
“Dad, you don’t want to be confused, Duke Qin just blew himself up and died ……”
Ji Meizhen yelled!
“What are you babbling about?” Ji Lianying instantly glared at that Ji Meizhen!
“Dad, Eunuch Qin just blew himself up, there’s no relationship following anyone else, so don’t mess around.”
Ji Yue stepped forward and fought to pull Ji Lianying aside!
If they couldn’t stop Ji Lianying at this moment, then their lineage would truly disappear!
“Have you two taken the wrong medication today?”
Ji Lianying’s face was full of incredulity, not understanding his own sons and daughters, how they suddenly stopped helping themselves!
“Dad, don’t be obsessed, Tai Zu sent word for you to go into the Ancestral Ground to accompany him, all of our affairs, Tai Zu knows clearly.”
Ji Yue said anxiously!
“Nonsense, the Great Ancestor can’t get out of the Ancestral Ground Hall for years, how could he know, you must be lying to me ……”
Ji Lianying didn’t believe it at all, how could the Great Ancestor know what was going on outside!
But just as Ji Lianying had finished speaking, suddenly an old voice came as if from the heavens!
“Ungrateful sinful animal, why don’t you quickly roll in here ……”
The voice of the Great Ancestor came leisurely from the Ancestral Ground’s main hall!
Hearing this voice, the Ji Family’s children were all stunned, and Ji Lian Jun hurriedly fell to his knees!
The other Ji Family disciples also all knelt down one after another!
Because for so many years, it was the first time they had heard the voice of the Great Ancestor outside of the ancestral land!
Ji Lianying’s eyes widened, his eyes filled with shock and incredulity!
He never thought that this bit of his mind would have alerted the Great Ancestor!
“Dad, why don’t you hurry up and enter the Ancestral Ground, if the Great Ancestor gets angry, all of us in this lineage will be finished.”
Ji Yue reminded Ji Lianying from the side!
Ji Lianying had a dumbfounded look on his face, and finally slowly got up and walked towards the ancestral land!
“Second Master Ji …………”
Seeing this, Qin Hetian hurriedly shouted out!
He was running towards Ji Lianying, if Ji Lianying didn’t rebel, then what was the use of him coming to the Ji family, besides, these people he brought with him, it was impossible to beat the Ji family ah!
Ji Lianying acted as if he hadn’t heard, and finally disappeared within the ancestral land, as for what punishment he would receive, no one knew!
Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen watched their father walk into the ancestral land, although they did not want to part with him, but there was nothing they could do, who made them disregard the safety of the Ji family, colluding with outsiders to try to take over the position of the Ji family’s head!
After Ji Lianying entered the Ancestral Ground, Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen immediately brought the children of their lineage to walk in front of Ji Lian Jun!
Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen both knelt down in front of Ji Lianjun!
“Eldest uncle, we were obsessed and followed our father to do many things that harmed the Ji family, please forgive us, eldest uncle.”
Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen sincerely knelt on the ground and continuously kowtowed!
At this moment, they were absolutely sincere in admitting their mistakes!
There was no longer the slightest bit of rebelliousness!
Even the Great Ancestor had given his word, how could they dare to have the slightest bit of small-mindedness!
What’s more, now that Ji Meiyan had opened the Origin Space and sensed their Ji Family’s Old Ancestor Origin, their lineage had even less strength to seize the position of Family Head!
“Get up, just return from the lost path and know that you can change your mistakes.”
Ji Lian Jun did not make things difficult for the Ji Yue siblings!
After all, Ji Lianjun didn’t want to see the Ji family’s sons and daughters killing each other!
On the side of Qin He Tian, looking at the scene in front of him, his lungs were about to explode!
He had travelled thousands of miles to bring people over, and now he had gained nothing, and had even lost a son!