“Ling’er, what is this …… going on? We’re not dreaming, are we?”
Su Yuqi asked in shock.
“I …… don’t know, this shouldn’t be a dream, right? It feels so real ……”
Gu Ling’er also looked confused, she didn’t know what was going on either.
“The aura here is so dense, my pores all over my body are unconsciously opening!”
Su Yuqi felt the dense spiritual energy around her and was all excited.
“I can feel it too!” Gu Ling’er also had a surprised look on her face.
“This is not in a dream, but in a painting, the scenery in this painting is full of spiritual energy, we can cultivate in this painting in the future ……”
At this time, Chen Ping’s voice came from behind the two men.
“Chen Ping, what’s going on here?”
Su Yuqi hurriedly asked to Chen Ping.
“I’m not sure either, I got this painting from an ancient tomb, at that time I was sucked into this painting before I knew that there was another world inside this painting.”
Chen Ping was also unclear about the origin of the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Painting.
“Great, then let’s start cultivating, I’ve never come across such a dense spiritual energy before!”
Gu Ling’er couldn’t wait and sat directly on the ground on her knees.
The coldness of the Arctic was nothing to them.
………………
Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
Guo Wei, who hadn’t waited for Chen Ping, was furious and smashed a lot of things in anger.
As a director of the alliance, in front of so many sects and families, he was beaten up and insulted by Chen Ping, such humiliation, Guo Wei couldn’t bear it!
“Guo Wei, what’s the point of getting so angry? Is this trial not going well?”
Alliance Master Zhu Zhishan walked over and asked.
Seeing Zhu Zhishan coming, Guo Wei hurriedly suppressed his anger and said, “Alliance Master, that Chen Ping simply had the audacity to take the treasure for himself and even beat me up ……”
Zhu Zhishan was stunned, “What? That Chen Ping is still strong enough to beat you up?”
How could Chen Ping have beaten Guo Wei, who was also at the peak of Martial Sect strength?
“Alliance Master, here’s the thing ……”
Guo Wei told the original story of what happened in the ancient tomb after Zhu Zhishan, and when Zhu Zhishan heard that Chen Ping had obtained the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, his eyes were filled with surprise.
“Guo Wei, tell me clearly, is that painting really the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers Map?”
Zhu Zhishan asked with some excitement.
“Yeah, I opened it and looked at it, that painting Long Xiao said was very peculiar, after a while, the content painted on it would actually change on its own ……”
Guo Wei nodded, he didn’t understand why Zhu Zhi Shan was so excited.
“Hahahaha, hahahaha …………”
Zhu Zhishan laughed out loud in excitement, “That’s right, it must be the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers picture, I didn’t expect that such a treasure would still exist in our Kyoto territory!”
“League Master, what kind of treasure is this painting, I didn’t find anything very special at that time!”
Guo Wei asked in a very strange manner.
“You don’t need to ask, you wouldn’t understand even if you said so!” Zhu Zhishan waved his hand, “Then said, the matter of Chen Ping beating you, you should bear with it for now, don’t kill him impulsively!”
“Alliance Master, that Chen Ping beat me up in front of many sects and families, causing me to lose face, how can I relieve my heart’s hatred if I don’t kill him?”
Guo Wei’s eyes were full of anger, he simply could not get out of his anger now without killing Chen Ping.
“Have you forgotten Mr. Shi’s words?” Zhu Zhishan said with a cold look on his face.
“I haven’t forgotten, I will secretly kill that Chen Ping then, even if Mr. Shi can know who did it?”
Guo Wei had a cold flash in his eyes, he already seemed to have a plan.
“Take a look at this!” Zhu Zhishan handed a document to Guo Wei.
Guo Wei took a look and his face instantly turned ugly.