A huge suction force instantly sucked the two black fogs into his eyes and swallowed them with one mouth!
Seeing this scene, Liu Xing and Liu Rui both had very complicated expressions!
The woman slowly got up and looked at Chen Ping with frightened eyes, the Martial God’s power Liu Rui had just emitted had shocked the woman too!
“Miss, don’t be afraid, we are not bad people!”
Seeing this, Chen Ping rushed forward to comfort her, and then asked, “What is your name? Why are these two black and gold robes arresting you?”
The woman shook her head, still with fear in her eyes!
“Do you have a special body? Are you an earth spirit?”
Chen Ping asked again.
But the woman still didn’t say anything and shook her head, her eyes full of fear!
Chen Ping saw that the woman did not speak, so there was nothing he could do, but he was afraid that there would be people from the Demon Heart Sect here who would do harm to the woman, so he said, “Come with us, or someone will arrest you later!”
Chen Ping cautiously reached out his hand towards the woman and tried to lead her away!
When the woman saw Chen Ping’s hand outstretched towards her, she was so scared that she turned and ran away, and soon disappeared!
Chen Ping’s outstretched hand remained where it was, his face full of confusion, “Am I that scary?”
“Mr. Chen is not scary, maybe the woman was scared just now!”
Liu Rui hurriedly gave Chen Ping a step down!
Chen Ping looked at the time and saw that the plane was about to take off, so he said, “Let’s go too no, the plane is about to take off ……”
Just as Chen Ping and the others were leaving, the demon amba*sador arrived in a hurry with a few black and gold robes!
The demon amba*sador’s face was very grave as he looked at the bodies of the two black and gold robes on the ground!
“I think I just felt the power of a Martial God, is there a Martial God in this remote town?”
The Demon Amba*sador said with a frown.
“Lord Devil, could it be that the woman with the special physique we are trying to capture has already reached the Martial God realm?”
“If so, it is necessary for us to inform the Great Power that this is beyond our scope.”
A black and gold robe said with great concern.
If they really ran into a Martial God, how could they, the Martial Saints, be a match!
“Impossible, I have seen the strength of that woman, two Black Gold Robes are enough to deal with it, someone else must have struck.”
The devil amba*sador waved his hand and then continued, “Forget it for now, follow me to catch that woman and then get out of this place as soon as possible ……”
Soon the devil amba*sador was leading several black and gold robes in pursuit of the woman in the direction she had disappeared!
………………
Kyoto!
Chen Ping had already arrived in Kyoto with Liu Xing and Liu Rui!
Looking at the bustling metropolis of Kyoto, Liu Xing and Liu Rui were like Liu Lou Lou visiting the Grand View Garden!
When Chen Ping brought them to the Dragon Gate, they found that Chen Ping’s Dragon Gate was many times bigger and more luxurious than their Pure Yang Sect!
But the strength of the disciples in the Dragon Sect was so low that in their eyes, the disciples of the Dragon Sect could not even be considered as initiates!
When they saw that Chen Ping had returned, they all came out to greet him, while Ge Fuhai asked Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, have you found the rejuvenation spring?”
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes, I have found it. I came back this time to take Master Hu and Xing Xu to the Regeneration Spring for treatment.”
When Zhou Jie heard this, she burst into tears of joy, “Great, they are saved ……”
“Chen Ping, who are these two?”
At this time, Ji Ru Xue looked at Liu Xing and Liu Rui, and then asked Chen Ping.
This time, it was Ji Ruxue who had been taking care of Chen Ping at Dragon Gate.
After all, Ji Ruxue was the only one who had experience in running the clan!
“These are two friends of mine, I was able to find the Regeneration Spring thanks to them!”
Chen Ping introduced them!