At this moment, Zhao Baptist’s eyes were full of indignation, he hated himself for his lack of ability, hated himself for not knowing how to cultivate when he used to spend his days drinking, and hated himself for not being able to contribute to the mountain village.
“I will send you on your way first, before killing that Chen Ping ……”
Cheng Zhichang slapped out his palm once again.
But just as soon as he waved his hand, he was directly stopped by Xuan Yuan Yan, shaking his head towards Cheng Zhichang, “We should wait for that Chen Ping to come first, that person from the Shadowless Villa that we just let out on purpose, Ken has gone to report the news now.”
Cheng Zhichang took his palm back and looked angrily at Zhao Liguo’s father and son, “Let you two live a little longer first ……”
“I think it’s the two of you who will live a little longer ……”
At that moment, a thunderous voice came from far and near, a voice that contained a terrifying spiritual power, causing those people surrounding the hunting outside the Shadowless Villa to instantly fall to the ground!
Whether it was the Thunderbolt Clan or the Xuanyuan Clan, those on the outskirts were only ordinary members, their strength was only that of a Zong Shi, and under Chen Ping’s roar, many of them died instantly!
“Chen Ping?”
Cheng Zhichang and Xuan Yuan Yan all looked at Chen Ping together.
Chen Ping slowly walked in from the entrance of the mountain manor, but none of the people guarding outside dared to make a move, and automatically flashed a way out.
Looking at the countless corpses inside the mountain villa, and the thick smell of blood, constantly stimulated Chen Ping’s nerves!
Chen Ping’s eyes slowly began to turn scarlet, and the aura on his body exploded straight away!
“Chen Ping, you killed my son and you still dare to show up, today I will play to avenge my son!”
Cheng Zhichang stared at Chen Ping angrily.
“Not only will I kill your son, I will also kill you and exterminate your entire Thunderbolt Sect ……”
Chen Ping’s voice was incomparably cold, as if it came from the Nine Hells, without the slightest bit of emotion.
“Arrogant, scrap him for me ……”
Cheng Zhichang said with a wave of his palm!
The crowd from the Perak Sect rushed directly towards Chen Ping, the weapons in their hands swinging and slashing towards Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping’s entire body emitted a shining golden light, and the weapons of the Thunderbolt Sect did not cause a single injury to Chen Ping when they landed on him, instead, all those weapons were shattered!
“Today, I will make you all pay in blood ……”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body instantly exploded, and these auras were like a scythe that continuously began to reap.
Those Thunderbolt Sect members who had surrounded them were each like ants, directly crushed by Chen Ping’s exploding breath, their mutilated bodies flying everywhere.
Even some Grand Masters were sent flying under this Qi energy, leaving the scene in shambles!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were scarlet, like a god of death coming from hell, constantly reaping all living beings he could see!
Feeling that strong killing intent from Chen Ping, Cheng Zhichang’s face finally changed, and Xuan Yuan Yan at the side also had his eyes wide open, he did not expect that in a short period of time, Chen Ping’s strength had actually grown a lot more.
“Mr. Chen …………”
“Big brother Chen …………”
When Zhao Liguo and Zhao Barging saw Chen Ping appear, there was instant hope in the two men’s eyes.
Chen Ping walked up to the two men, yet none of them were daring to stop them.
“You two have suffered ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhao Liguo and Zhao Chuang, who were covered in blood, and the killing intent on his body became even stronger.
“Mr. Chen, to work for is the honor of my life, Zhao Liguo, only a pity ……” Zhao Liguo’s eyes were red: “Only a pity that the Shadowless Villa is gone, I am afraid that I cannot work for Mr. Chen in the future ……”
“The Shadowless Villa is gone, we can build it, starting today, the properties of the Thunderbolt Sect and the Xuan Yuan family will all become the Shadowless Villa, I will let the entire Kyoto martial arts community know that the Shadowless Villa is mine, no one can touch it ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he slowly turned around, and a light flashed above his right hand, followed by the appearance of the Zenglong Sword in his hand.