“Brother, this is a beautiful place, and there is a strong medicinal fragrance, I heard that there are quite a lot of pills here, this time we will be rich.”
Kawashima Hiroji said with a heated smile.
Kawashima Hiroshi nodded, “We five brothers, this trip is not in vain, later on, if there are any good things, just take them.”
“Hahahaha, I want to see if there are any pretty flower girls here ……”
Kawashima Hirosan’s eyes put out a fine aura, in his eyes there are only women.
Soon, the terrifying aura from the five men enveloped the Pill God Valley in an instant.
After Xu Changsheng, who was refining pills, felt the aura, his face changed abruptly and immediately led the men towards the entrance of the valley.
Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan, who were practising, also flashed their forms at the first opportunity and rushed towards the entrance of the valley!
The terror of these auras made all of their faces pale!
“Who are you people? This is the Pill God Valley, outsiders are not allowed to enter ……”
At the entrance of the Pill God Valley, two Pill God Valley disciples stopped the five island warriors.
“Baka ……”
Kawashima Hiroji stepped forward and cursed angrily, followed by his katana coming out of his body!
Only a cold flash was seen.
The two Pill God Valley disciples didn’t even have time to react, a thin bloodstain on their necks, followed by a fall to the ground.
The five warriors stepped into the Pill God Valley, but soon Xu Changsheng arrived with his men and blocked the path of the five men!
Looking at the two Pill God Valley disciples who died tragically at the entrance, Xu Changsheng frowned and asked with cold eyes, “Who the hell are you people? Trespa*sing into my Pill God Valley and killing my Pill God Valley disciples?”
Kawashima Hiroshi swept a glance at Xu Changsheng, then asked, “Is Chen Ping here? Tell him to get out ……”
Seeing that Kawashima Hiroshi was looking for Chen Ping as soon as they met, Xu Changsheng seemed to have guessed the identity of these people.
Wearing island samurai clothes and carrying samurai swords, and looking for Chen Ping as soon as they met, they must be a*sa*sins from the island to kill Chen Ping.
“Our valley master is not here, what do you want with him?”
Xu Changsheng asked, pretending to be confused.
“Don’t f*cking pretend ……”
When Kawashima Hiroshi saw Xu Changsheng say that Chen Ping was not here, he swung out his palm, followed by a huge surge of powerful Qi.
Xu Changsheng’s face turned pale and he hurriedly used his luck to resist, but in the end, there was a big difference in strength, and this palm of Kawashima Hong Yi directly made Xu Changsheng’s body fly backwards.
Seeing this, the Pill God Valley crowd hurriedly surrounded all five men.
But the five men did not panic in the slightest, and even had a few sneers on their faces!
“Elder Xu …………”
At this time, Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan also arrived.
Seeing the sudden appearance of Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan, that Kawashima Hirosan’s eyes instantly went straight.
“Flower girl …………”
Kawashima Hirosan’s harrumph almost flowed out.
Gu Ling’er looked at the five island warriors, she knew that these few people must have come to kill Chen Ping.
So she looked at the few men angrily, “You few island ronin, you also dare to come to Daxia to spill the beans ……”
“Baka ……”
As soon as Kawashima Hiroji heard Gu Ling’er call them ronin, he became upset and his katana came out!
“Second brother ……” Kawashima Hirosan hurriedly stopped Kawashima Hiroshi: “You have to know how to be merciful to young girls, don’t move your sword, what a waste if you hurt such pretty faces… …”
“Lao-san, if you go on like this, you’ll sooner or later die on a woman ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi glared at Kawashima Hiroshi and then put his sword back.
“Both of you, back off ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi said coldly.
Chuandao Hong Er and Chuandao Hong San all obediently retreated while Chuandao Hong Yi looked at Xu Changsheng: “You’d better let Chen Ping come out to die, so that I don’t have to make a move against you ……”
“Our valley master is not here, he is not here ……”
Xu Changsheng said in a deep voice.
“Hmph, toast the wine and eat the punishment ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi snorted coldly, followed by a flash of his body and instantly arrived in front of Xu Changsheng.