At this moment, Ning Zhi was frightened into a cold sweat and hurriedly put that little thought away.
He knew that no matter what he thought, he couldn’t escape that spirit inside him!
Immediately after returning to the hall, someone from the Martial Alliance came in to report!
“The head of the Dragon Family, Long Jingguo, begs to see the Alliance Master, what shall we do?”
That person from the Martial Dao Alliance asked Ning Zhi.
“The Dragon Family Head is here, then invite him in ……”
Ning Zhi finished speaking and surprisingly sat directly on top of the main seat!
With a document in his hand, Long Jingguo walked straight into the hall.
When he saw that on top of the main seat, sitting surprisingly was Ning Zhi, he instantly froze.
“Ning Zhi?” Long Jingguo frowned slightly, “How come you’re doing here? Where is Lord Zhu?”
“Long Family Master, please have a seat!” Ning Zhi smiled lightly, “Allied Master Zhu is out of town for something, I’m now the Vice Allied Master of the Martial Alliance ……”
“Are you kidding?” Long Jingguo bellowed, “How can you, a mourning dog, be the Vice Alliance Master? Moreover, this Vice Alliance Leader position is subject to a vote, so how could you possibly be chosen!”
Ning Zhi’s face instantly turned incomparably cold when he heard the words “Dog of the Bereaved Family”!
This was the pain in his heart, his Ning family had been destroyed by Chen Ping, and his good old Ning family grandson had now become a dog of death in the mouth of the people.
“You can question me, but you have to be careful how you speak ……”
When Ning Zhi finished speaking, the aura on his body instantly surged, spreading out towards Long Jingguo and pressing down.
Long Jingguo was an old martial sect, his strength was not below Zhu Zhishan, so how could he possibly be afraid of a hairy boy like Ning Zhi.
Even if Ning Hai was still alive, Long Jingguo would not be afraid, let alone Ning Zhi.
Long Jingguo’s body shook slightly, and a majestic aura exploded out of his body, directly meeting him.
But just as the two auras collided, Long Jingguo only felt his body tighten, followed by a huge force pressing down on him, and he sat down on a chair with a poof.
The chair beneath him instantly shattered, making Long Jingguo look very wretched!
Long Jingguo looked at Ning Zhi in shock, his eyes filled with disbelief.
In this short period of time, Ning Zhi’s strength had actually grown so quickly as well!
“Long Family Master, if I said I was the Vice Alliance Master, I am the Vice Alliance Master, here is the token, you can take a look at it ……”
With that, Ning Zhi casually pulled out a white jade stone from his arms, on which was carved a lifelike eagle’s head!
After Long Jingguo saw the jade stone, his face changed and changed, before finally throwing it back to Ning Zhi!
Looking at that expression on Long Jingguo’s face, the corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted slightly, “Master Long Family, are you here this time to hold a trial?”
Long Jingguo nodded, “Not bad, this is the information ……”
Long Jingguo placed the document in his hand onto Ning Zhi’s desk!
Ning Zhi casually flipped through it for a few moments before frowning slightly, “Locked Dragon Island?”
“That’s right, this Locked Dragon Island was originally the land of my Dragon Family, so it’s appropriate to try out on Locked Dragon Island!”
Long Jingguo nodded his head and said.
“But this Locked Dragon Island has now become an ordinary sea island, it’s all already a tourist destination, there are no resources to be found at all, so what’s the point of going to try out?”
Ning Zhi knew Locked Dragon Island too well, at that time he tricked Chen Ping into going to Locked Dragon Island, but he ended up stealing a chicken and losing his rice, the dragon crystal was even obtained by Chen Ping, he got nothing and offended Chen Ping!
Long Jingguo smiled faintly, “Although the two dragons of ice and fire on the Dragon Locking Island have disappeared, however, under the Dragon Locking Island, there is still a relic that no one has ever entered, and I heard that it is extremely dangerous, so for this trial, we need to look for the elites of the younger generation only!”
“Is there really still a relic?” Ning Zhi didn’t quite believe it!
“Of course there is, if it was just an ordinary sea island, wouldn’t my coming to apply for this trial make those who attend curse my Dragon Family to death?”
Long Jingguo said.