“The Watanabe family has suffered such a change and we don’t even know who did it, where does this leave our Chizuru Shrine to lose face?”
Ono Hiroshi said with an angry face and a cold gaze.
“I have seen Chishikawa’s wounds, he was killed with a single sword strike and his head was cut off.”
“There are only a handful of people in the entire island who can kill Chishikawa with a single sword strike, so I think it is likely to be an expert from another country.”
Beside Ono Hiroshi, a man with a katana in both hands said.
This man exuded a thick aura, and there was a terror in his eyes like an abyss!
This man was Tanaka Maki, who was even more famous than that Chishikawa.
In terms of swordsmanship attainment, Tanaka Maki could be ranked among the top three in the entire island, and his strength was even greater than Chishimagawa’s!
Even when compared to Ono Hiroshi, Tanaka Maki was no less powerful!
“Mieko, what do you think about this matter?”
Ono Hiroshi asked, looking at the only woman in the group.
Mieko slowly rose to her feet, her hot body in full view.
Only to see Mieko slowly walk in the direction of the door, while the whole figure faded further and further, and finally disappeared into the room!
Only the others were surprised and didn’t show the slightest surprise!
Soon, Mieko’s form appeared, only now she had an extra person in her hand!
This man was once a guard of the Watanabe Fumikishi family, and a member of the Watanabe clan!
Upon seeing Koichi Ono, the man fell to his knees in a poof!
“Tell me what you know and repeat after the president ……”
Mieko spoke slowly.
“Yes, yes, yes ……”
The man didn’t dare to be the slightest bit slow, and hurriedly told them what he had seen that day, in its original form!
However, all he saw was Watanabe Fumio bringing Chen Ping to find Watanabe Fumigan’s house and chasing after Watanabe Fumigan’s father and son.
As to whether that Watanabe Kazuo and Chishimagawa were killed by Watanabe Fumio, he didn’t know!
After hearing this, Ono Hiroshi frowned slightly, “Watanabe Fumio and Watanabe Fumikishi brothers, fighting for the family headship, killing each other is nothing, after all, this is a society where the weak eat the strong.”
“That doesn’t tell us who killed Chishikawa, does it?”
Mieko nodded, “The president is right, this really doesn’t prove that Kazuo Watanabe and Chishimagawa would be the ones who killed them, but that young man that Fumio Watanabe brought along with him, I’m sure the president would be interested.”
Having said that, Mieko pulled out a photo and put it on the table, and the person on the photo was none other than Chen Ping!
“Who is this man?” Koichi Ono frowned slightly!
“It looks so young, I think I’ve seen it somewhere ……”
Tanaka Maki carefully surveyed the photo and fell into deep thought!
“President, Lord Tanaka, this man is called Chen Ping, a newly promoted expert in Daxia, and it is this man who killed Watanabe Fumikishi’s son Watanabe Ichiro, so the Watanabe family has a deep hatred of sorts following this Chen Ping.”
“And this time, the person that Watanabe Fumio brought with him was this Chen Ping, I heard that this time, in order to a*sa*sinate Chen Ping, Watanabe Fumishi found Kawaguchi Kazuo and brought someone to Daxia, and also followed Daxia officials to clash, and because of that, that Chen Ping came to the island.”
Mieko explained.
“Kawaguchi Kazuo?” Ono Hiroshi was slightly stunned, then said, “Go and bring Kawaguchi Kazuo here immediately, I want to ask what’s going on personally!”
But just as Koichi Ono finished speaking, one of his men came to report!
“Sir President, Kazuo Kawaguchi is visiting and is waiting outside ……”
said the subordinate.
This is like saying “Speak of the devil, speak of the devil”!
“Send him in quickly ……”
Ono Koichi said.
Soon, Kawaguchi Kazuo walked into the shrine, not even daring to look up, and fell down on his knees directly in front of Ono Hiroshi!