Zhu Qingxiu in the front was desperately escaping, the five demonic cultivators in the back were desperately chasing after him, attacking Zhu Qingxiu from time to time, but none of them used killing moves, presumably because they were afraid that Zhu Qingxiu would really die and fall into the Dead Sea, which would be troublesome!
After Zhu Qingxiu desperately escaped to that deserted island, he seemed to be a bit exhausted and could only land his body on that deserted island!
Seeing this, the five demonic cultivators directly launched an attack towards Zhu Qingxiu, a ray of light pierced through the darkness of the night, and countless spiritual lights came towards Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu no longer had a longsword in her hand, she could only rely on constant dodging and defending, but this wasn’t a long method, the five demonic cultivators quickly surrounded her!
“You damned devil cultivators, how dare you brutally kill hundreds of people from our Ten Thousand Swords Sect for the sake of our Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manuals, one day I will exterminate all of you sooner or later.”
Zhu Qingxiu looked at the five devil cultivators that surrounded her, gritting her teeth with a face full of resignation!
Her strength was only at the first rank of the Mahayana realm, but the other party had a first rank of the Mahayana realm and four ninth rank cultivators of the Ferrying realm!
If the precious sword was in her hand, she would still be able to resist for a while, but now without the sword, it was the same as a tiger without teeth, Zhu Qingxiu’s strength was going to be greatly reduced!
“It’s all because of that dead guy, he even broke my precious sword.”
Zhu Qingxiu was still hating Chen Ping at this moment!
If Chen Ping hadn’t broken her precious sword, she wouldn’t have to be in such a sorry state right now, and might still have a chance to escape!
“Zhu Qingxiu, you should also stop talking nonsense, quickly hand over the secret scrolls and we will let you go, and don’t put up any fearless resistance.”
“If you don’t call out, don’t blame us for being impolite, although your face is ruined, but you have a good figure.”
“When the time comes to cover your face, our brothers will have to enjoy ourselves.”
A man in green who was in the lead said with a cold smile!
The five devil cultivators each stood in one direction, surrounding Zhu Qingxiu to death!
“Not bad, those of us are not picky, if you don’t listen, then cover your face and take the heat off our brothers.”
A bearded devil cultivator’s face was full of lewd smiles, his eyes constantly scanning over Zhu Qingxiu’s body!
“You’d better be good and obedient, anyway, your Ten Thousand Swords Sect is finished, what’s the use of keeping that broken secret manual ah, it’s better to hand it over to us, otherwise the five of us will go together, your shapely little body, I’m afraid you can’t withstand it ah.”
The five demonic cultivators recklessly humiliated Zhu Qingxiu, their eyes were even staring at Zhu Qingxiu’s body without any concealment!
“You shameless people, you’re simply even more shameless than that peeping tom ……”
Anger spewed from Zhu Qingxiu’s eyes as she fiercely attacked with a palm towards the green-clothed man at the head of the group!
This green clothed man was also a first grade of the Mahayana realm, as long as he was able to injure this green clothed man first, the remaining four cultivators of the ninth grade of the Ferrying realm would be able to cope with it!
The man in green seemed to have responded earlier, seeing Zhu Qingxiu attacking himself, he couldn’t help but raise the corner of his mouth and said, “Little b*tch, you fell for it ……”
After saying that, he only saw the man in green’s entire body’s magic qi flowing, and then those magic qi steeply condensed into a strand of strange aura!
Accompanied by a gentle wave of the palm of his hand, the bodies of the other four people also emitted that breath of aura at the same time!
These auras intertwined into a huge net that enveloped towards Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu had long been furious with his mind, and in the face of this large net that had suddenly appeared, his face directly changed greatly!
This large net looked simple, but when it spread out, the surrounding void shook, directly locking all the space instantly, Zhu Qingxiu had no place to escape even if he wanted to!
In just an instant, Zhu Qingxiu was suppressed to death by the large net!
“You despicable villains ……”
Zhu Qingxiu cursed, trying hard to break free from this big net to escape, but no matter how hard he struggled, it was of no use at all!