“Why should I hand it over?”
Chen Ping coldly looked at Long Xiao and asked.
“This trial, is organized by our Dragon Family, all the resources obtained from the trial need to be handed over to our Dragon Family in a unified manner, and then they will be distributed down, this is the rule ……”
Long Xiao explained.
“Long Xiao, do you want to be f*cking shameless? When did your Dragon Family have such rules? At that time, before the trial, it didn’t say that there was such a rule!”
Dong Jiahao cursed when he heard Long Xiao’s words and asked.
“These are my new rules, this trial is held by our Long Family, so the rules are also set by our Long Family, I am the person in charge of this trial, I can make the rules whenever I want!”
The corners of Long Xiao’s mouth lifted slightly as he said with a lofty stance.
Long Xiao’s words immediately aroused the discontent of many people, but Long Xiao did not care, as many of the people in here would become resources for his cultivation and would have to be killed sooner or later.
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, “What if I don’t hand it over?”
“Hmph, if you don’t hand it over, then you are breaking the rules, and if you break the rules, I can only make a move to rob it ……”
The aura on Long Xiao’s body began to rise up.
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with disdain as he coldly snorted, “If you have the ability, then come and grab it ……”
Chen Ping held out the beast pellet surprisingly and waved it in front of Long Xiao, provoking him!
“Chen Ping, the last time I lost at your hands, I have long been unconvinced, today I will take revenge ……”
Long Xiao also stopped hiding and directly stated his purpose.
He was looking for Chen Ping to take revenge, as for the rule of handing over the beast pills, that was to find fault with Chen Ping!
“You were lucky that you weren’t killed last time, but today, you won’t be so lucky ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a golden light flashed above his fist, followed by a fist smashing towards Long Xiao.
Since a battle could not be avoided, Chen Ping had to strike first.
Having just followed the giant crab in a battle, Chen Ping had consumed a lot of spiritual energy, and now he had to take Long Xiao by surprise!
Long Xiao didn’t expect Chen Ping to strike suddenly, a dodge was not possible and he was ruthlessly smashed in the chest by Chen Ping’s fist, and his body instantly flew backwards.
If it wasn’t for Xu Song and the others catching Long Xiao, Long Xiao’s body would probably have fallen into the sea.
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping angrily, the vague sharp pain in his chest caused Long Xiao’s face to look hideous.
“Ah …………”
Long Xiao roared in anger, his hands quickly sliding in front of his body, a black strong qi was solidifying.
At this moment, Long Xiao could not care too much anymore, he was now bent on killing Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s body glowed with golden light, followed by a fist smashing down!
Boom!
The two fists clashed, and the huge energy fluctuations caused the entire boat to start shaking violently.
The two Martial Marquis were really going to fight on the ship, and the ship would definitely not be able to withstand it.
With a wave of Ge Jiayi’s double sleeves, two white coils instantly shot out, directly separating Chen Ping and Long Xiao.
“It’s fine for you two to fight, but you can’t joke with our lives.”
“If the boat is destroyed, in a place like this, we’ll all die above the sea.”
Ge Jiayi yelled at Chen Ping and Long Xiao.
At this point, all the people also started to accuse Chen Ping and Long Xiao, one after the other in a rage.
They did not want to be buried above the sea.
But Chen Ping was already at sword point with Long Xiao, so how could he stop so easily!
“Chen Ping, do you kid have the guts to put away your energy and fight by sheer strength?”
Long Xiao stared at Chen Ping and asked.
“What’s there to be afraid of!” Chen Ping snorted coldly!
As long as they didn’t use their jin qi, the two people would not produce that much residual power or endanger the safety of the ship if they only relied on the power emitted from their muscle contractions.