As the Emperor of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, the Nine to Five body!
At this moment, Xiao Yuanshan also had to burst out in foul language to express his mood at this moment!
“Unrivalled in the world, unrivalled in the world ah ……”
Grandmaster Limitless could not hide his excitement, his voice was trembling!
The rest of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty even fell to their knees, this kneeling was not due to the pressure of might, but rather, they were completely and utterly convinced by Mr Shi!
No one had thought that this middle-aged man who looked like he had no breath at all and was weak and civilised would have this kind of terrifying strength!
A light swing!
Such a light touch, yet it caused a top-level Mahayana realm expert to go up in smoke!
This Mahayana realm cultivator, in the eyes of others, a mole cricket can’t even be counted ah!
One must know that in the Celestial Realm, they, the experts of the Mahayana Realm, were already considered the strongest of the strong!
Peak Mahayana realm cultivators, that was an existence at the top of the tower!
Almost no one had ever seen the existence of an Immortalisation Realm cultivator!
But it was the existence at the tip of the tower in their eyes that was exterminated like a mole cricket.
This kind of shock, this kind of impact, caused all of these powerhouses from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to unconsciously kneel down.
Even imperial princes like Xiao Feng and Xiao Jian did not feel honoured in the slightest, but instead knelt on the ground in heartfelt submission.
They had spent their entire lives in cultivation, and they all felt very impressive when they reached the Mahayana Realm.
However, in the eyes of others, all of them were nothing but ants, even Master Limitless, a former person of the Heavenly Realm, was kneeling on the ground respectfully at this moment.
To say that the other people in the Xiao Dynasty were all frogs in the bottom of the well, who had never seen a real master and had never seen the world!
But Master Limitless, as an Immortal of the Fourth Heavenly Realm, had also seen people of high realms!
But this was the Celestial Realm, there was a great formation of heaven and earth to suppress it, and all the people in the Celestial Realm were trapped here!
Although he knew that there were quite a few people from the Heavenly Realm trapped in the Celestial Realm, they were all in declining strength!
Master Limitless himself had his strength declined by nearly half.
But then looking at Mr Shi, even if Mr Shi was also a Heaven Realm Immortal, how could he still have such awesome strength under the suppression of the Heaven and Earth Formation of this Celestial Realm?
It seemed that this Mr Shi was many times stronger than that Wuji Daoist!
This was what deeply shocked Grandmaster Limitless!
Zuo Tianzheng trembled, he never thought that there was really a strong person behind Chen Ping!
And it was also so strong!
Where was that Luo Ta’s bragging at the beginning?
Can’t he kill the other party with a single punch?
One punch down, the other person was fine, but he himself went up in smoke!
“Spare my life, spare my life ……”
Zuo Tianzheng led the many experts of the Demon Sealing Alliance, and they all knelt down!
This was the kneeling of supplication, it was not easy to live until now and cultivate to this Mahayana realm, they did not want to die!
“Mr Shi, you can’t spare them, these guys are too bad, they even chased me with a hundred year offering.”
“I was almost killed by them.”
Chen Ping said to Mr Shi!
It was so hard for Shi to step in and make sure to destroy the Demon Sealing Alliance, so that Chen Ping would have an easier time!
When Zuo Tianzheng heard this, he immediately broke out in a cold sweat, “Don’t kill me, I am willing to offer a hundred years of offerings ……”
After saying that, Zuo Tianzheng casually took out his storage bag and threw it in front of Chen Ping!
The other Demon Sealing Alliance powerhouses also took out all the resources they had on them and threw them at Chen Ping’s feet!
As long as they could survive, they were willing to contribute all their resources!
Chen Ping looked at the resources at his feet and was overjoyed!
With these resources, he could totally be in a position to raise his realm!
But with the resources in hand, people still had to be killed!
“Mr Shi, given the resources, the person still has to be killed ah ……”
Chen Ping persuaded Shi!
“F*ck …………”
Zuo Tianzheng and the others looked at Chen Ping and inwardly wailed and cursed!
After giving all the resources, can’t you let a way out?
Shi did not speak, but slowly extended his palm and gently shook it in the direction of Zuo Tianzheng and the others!
When Zuo Tianzheng and these people saw this, their faces were ashen and they did not move!
They knew that this gentle grip from Mr Shi was able to take their lives!