“This Chen Ping, not very strong, but his frame is not small, making so many of us wait ……”
“This guy shouldn’t be afraid to run away, right?”
“I think most likely he ran away and is too scared to come ……”
Some people started to get up in arms, thinking that Chen Ping didn’t dare to come!
“Shut the f*ck up, Brother Chen will definitely come ……”
Zhao Barging listened to the crowd’s chatter and directly cursed out.
After the Shadowless Villa had annexed the Xuan Yuan family and the Thunderbolt Sect, its strength had grown quite a bit, and this cry from Zhao Barging did have an effect, as many people all shut their mouths!
“Chen Ping is here …………”
I don’t know who shouted, and the next thing they saw was Chen Ping following Zhao Wuji into the venue!
In a flash, countless divine sense auras fell on Chen Ping, probing his strength!
Chen Ping walked into the venue with a faint smile on his face and calm eyes, his aura not hidden!
“This kid’s aura has actually been enhanced quite a bit as well ……”
The moment he saw Chen Ping, Long Jingguo’s face instantly became a little less than stellar!
“I told you, that Chen Ping had a strange encounter, don’t think that your son is the only one whose strength is growing.”
Guo Wei said with an unhappy expression.
He still held a grudge for the disrespect Long Jingguo had just shown to him.
Long Jingguo did not pay any attention to Guo Wei, but looked at Long Xiao and said, “Xiao’er, are you sure about this?”
“Dad, don’t worry, it’s useless even if that Chen Ping is strong, I have the Dragon Family’s divine weapon in my hand, that Chen Ping will never have a chance to win!”
Long Xiao had a confident face!
“That’s right too!” Long Jingguo nodded his head.
At this moment, Long Xiao’s eyes were slightly narrowed, and two icy killing intents shot directly at Chen Ping’s body.
That humiliating scene in the trial was something that Long Xiao would never forget!
Only, Chen Ping felt the killing intent on Long Xiao’s body and didn’t even look at him, instead he placed his gaze on Guo Wei’s body.
A cold killing intent flashed across Chen Ping’s eyes, it was Guo Wei who had taken Su Yuqi away, this revenge, Chen Ping would not fail to retaliate!
Feeling the killing intent in Chen Ping’s eyes, Guo Wei, on the other hand, raised the corners of his mouth, and with a flick of his body, he arrived in front of Chen Ping!
“This look in your eyes makes me very uncomfortable, but I can tell you that even if you have great abilities today, you will not be able to leave alive!”
Guo Wei’s eyes were cold, and he had never forgotten the humiliation he had suffered in the trial, and he had always wanted to find a chance to take revenge on Chen Ping.
Just as Guo Wei’s words fell, people from the Bai Family, the Shadowless Villa, the Pill God Valley, including the Dong Family, all stood behind Chen Ping with a clatter.
Looking at the crowd behind Chen Ping, Guo Wei’s face instantly turned ugly!
“Hmph, Chen Ping, you don’t think that with just this number of people, you can follow the Martial Alliance and fight against it, do you? It’s simply a dream ……”
Guo Wei’s eyes narrowed as he said.
Chen Ping’s murderous aura filled his body and his voice was icy cold as he said, “In my eyes, your Martial Dao Alliance is worse than sh*t, all of you are chicken and dog people, to fight against people like you, I feel ashamed of myself ……”
Chen Ping’s voice was not loud, but it was extremely penetrating, and everyone could hear every word of every sentence clearly!
Although the crowd knew that Chen Ping had openly provoked the majesty of the Martial Law Union.
But this was the first time they had heard such words spoken in public, and they were all astonished!
Zhu Zhishan in the stands, after hearing Chen Ping’s words, his face turned ugly and the murderous intent in his eyes intensified!
“What did you say?”
Guo Wei, as a member of the Alliance Council, had a steep explosion of the power of his might, his terrifying aura pressing directly towards Chen Ping!
But just as that terrifying pressure from Guo Wei pressed towards Chen Ping, an equally terrifying aura suddenly struck, directly blocking the momentum of Guo Wei’s pressure!
“Director Guo, in front of so many people, you are openly striking, are you afraid that that Long Xiao won’t be able to defeat Brother Chen, so you can test his strength first?”
Dong Jiahao asked as he looked at Guo Wei with a disdainful expression.