Kyoto, International Airport!
Chen Ping and Hu Puzi, dressed in casual clothes, walked through the crowds and started to board the plane!
Since it wasn’t peak tourist season, there weren’t many people, so Chen Ping and Hu Puzi flew first cla*s!
If it wasn’t for the fear of being too high profile, Chen Ping would have no problem flying in a private jet!
Not long after Chen Ping and Pocky Hu sat down, a girl dressed in a fashionable and beautiful outfit, wearing sungla*ses, with shoulder-length hair and a very hot outfit walked over.
The girl was wearing tight jeans underneath, and at first glance, she was a big sister model, attracting the attention of many people.
The girl took off her sungla*ses and sat down directly next to Chen Ping.
At this time, the mobile phone in the girl’s bag rang, and the girl picked it up with some impatience, and then answered it!
The girl’s mouth was full of the island language. Luckily, Chen Ping knew the island language and knew what the girl was saying!
The girl was probably being urged by her family, so she was acting impatient!
“I’m already on the plane, the plane will take off soon, don’t be calling, it’s off ……”
After saying that, the girl put her phone directly into flight mode!
Soon, the plane took off, Chen Ping closed his eyes to rest, and Hu Pazi even huffed and puffed up, for the girl on the side did not even look at a glance, it seems that after having Zhou Jie, Hu Pazi also do not like to look at other girls.
“Hello ……”
Just as Chen Ping was closing his eyes and resting his mind, suddenly came the voice of the girl in the next seat!
Chen Ping opened his eyes and looked at the girl in confusion!
“Sorry to interrupt, can you open it for me?”
The girl was holding a bottle of chewing gum in her hand, so she shouldn’t be able to open the lid!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, and as a result the gum opened the lid, and then gave it back to the girl!
The girl thanked her repeatedly and then took out a piece of gum and handed it to Chen Ping: “I’ll give you one ……”
Chen Ping didn’t refuse and threw it directly into his mouth!
Seeing Chen Ping chewing the gum and planning to continue to close his eyes, the girl’s gaze towards Chen Ping obviously changed a lot!
She was starting to get a little curious about Chen Ping!
Usually there were many men who took the initiative to strike up a conversation with themselves, but now that she had taken the initiative to strike up a conversation with Chen Ping, it looked as if Chen Ping didn’t even like talking to himself!
This one stirred up the desire in the girl’s heart ……
“Hello, my name is Yumiko, I’m from the island, I’ve been studying here, where are you from?”
Yumiko asked with a smile at Chen Ping.
“My name is Chen Ping, I’m from here ……” Chen Ping replied indifferently.
“So are you traveling to the island? It doesn’t seem to be a good time of year to travel either ……”
Yumiko asked in a whisper as she pushed her body towards Chen Ping.
“I’m going to run some errands, not a tour ……”
Chen Ping shook his head, and then closed his eyes!
Seeing this, Yumiko couldn’t be bothered to talk to Chen Ping, so she could only sit back in bemusement!
After several hours of flight, the plane landed in Xijing on the island, Chen Ping got up and followed Yumiko Hu off the plane!
And Yumiko was following close behind Chen Ping and the others!
“Chen Ping, do you have a friend to pick you up? If not, I can have my driver take you back ……”
Yumiko said to Chen Ping.
“We have someone to pick up, thanks ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Walking out of the airport, at this moment outside the airport, several luxury cars were neatly lined up, as if there were some important people inside this flight.
When Chen Ping and the others followed Yumiko out, a dozen of bodyguards in suits and sungla*ses instantly surrounded them!
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and his internal breath began to surge!
He thought that his trip had been exposed and the Watanabe family knew he had come to the island, so they had sent people over to intercept him!
But these dozen of bodyguards didn’t even give Chen Ping a single glance, instead they directly surrounded Yumiko and protected her as she walked out the door!