No one dares to be lazy at this time, for this is a moment of life and death!
Leng Yun’s compa*s was floating above the heads of all of them, and the light shone on them, freeing them from the darkness for a while!
As Chen Ping moved slowly, he walked into the tunnel he had just escaped from, knowing that this was the place with the heaviest darkness and the most dark shadows.
The houses on either side were constantly filled with dark shadows, which instantly made Liu Rui and the others feel the pressure!
“This idiot, it was so hard to escape from there, and now he’s going in again ……”
When Tong Youcai saw that Chen Ping was heading towards the tunnel, he cursed!
When the crowd couldn’t take it anymore, Chen Ping’s eyes snapped open and two rays of light shot out from his eyes!
These two rays of light went deeper into the tunnel, and the crowd saw a bright red statue of a man appear deeper into the tunnel.
The statue had a fierce face and a sharp sword stuck in it, and I don’t know who had sculpted it, but it was alive!
“That statue is the eye of the formation, we need to destroy the eye ……”
Chen Ping said loudly.
“Then destroy him ……”
After Old Liu said that, his body leapt up and several flames swung out from his hands!
But just as Old Liu was about to get close to the human sculpture, a huge wave of Yin suddenly came and swallowed Old Liu up in an instant!
Quick as a flash, Chen Ping stepped forward and grabbed Old Liu, dragging him straight back!
It was not easy to get close to the eye of the formation!
“You guys block this place, I’ll do it ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing.
Soon a golden dragon appeared and rushed in towards the cloudy air in front of him, and in an instant the golden dragon’s figure disappeared!
Chen Ping’s body followed suit, and he also rushed into the huge cloud of darkness!
The others struggled to fend off the black shadows!
Now that Chen Ping’s figure had disappeared into the huge cloud of darkness, no one knew if Chen Ping would succeed!
But they could only wait and wait for Chen Ping to destroy the eye of the formation!
As Chen rushed into the huge Yin Qi, he instantly felt a huge pressure, only to see a huge palm in the Yin Qi, slowly pressing towards him!
Seeing this, Chen Ping didn’t bother with the huge palm, but held the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand and brought the power of the divine Dragon to its fullest!
Very quickly, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly cut out a brilliant sword aura, fiercely towards the sculpture!
Boom! …………
This sword chopped heavily on the sculpture, a huge explosion occurred, and countless cracks were shaken on the sculpture, although there was no shattering, but Chen Ping’s eyes were also happy!
“Come again ……”
Chen Ping knew that one more blow and the sculpture would surely break and the Death Formation would be broken!
But just as Chen Ping was about to swing his sword again, the huge palm came down!
Chen Ping felt his body sink, as if the entire Kunlun Mountain Range was pressing down on him!
His body plummeted to the ground and a trail of blood flowed from the corner of his mouth!
Chen Ping tried to get up, but found that his body was crushed to death and he had no way to move!
Hearing the incessant sounds of fighting, Chen Ping knew that Liu Rui and the others would not be able to hold on for long!
“Ahh …………”
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open and he shouted out loud, gritting his teeth and slowly getting up!
Chen Ping reluctantly stood up with his body rickety, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand pressed against the ground, supporting his body!
Although he stood up, in this posture, Chen Ping was unable to swing his sword!
Looking at the statue in front of him, Chen Ping’s body flashed with light and he rushed forward! -He charged!