Soon, the time for the blimp to depart arrived!
Elder Sun personally led Chen Ping to the place where the blimp was parked!
Ochre Yan waved his tears as he bid Chen Ping farewell, he also knew that after this farewell, he did not know when he would be able to see Chen Ping again!
With Elder Sun personally leading the way, Chen Ping walked directly onto the airship and was not checked by anyone!
However, Chen Ping didn’t notice that a pair of eyes actually secretly saw him get onto the blimp and then quickly left.
“Eunuch Mu, that fellow called Chen Ping has already boarded the blimp heading to Guanghan Palace.”
Chen Ping had just boarded the blimp when someone immediately reported it to Mu Kui!
Mu Kui had already left the territory of the Wantong Pavilion at this moment, and his entire face was gloomy!
Although Elder Xia of the Wantong Pavilion had deliberately released him, Mu Kui was still unconvinced inwardly!
What’s more, that Chen Ping had been put to death by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings, if he could kill Chen Ping, he would be able to obtain a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“I know ……”
The corner of Mu Kui’s mouth lifted into a cold smile before he quickly disappeared!
At this moment, Chen Ping was shocked as he looked at the blimp of the Wantong Pavilion, which was very large and was able to hold hundreds of cultivators!
Elder Sun led Chen Ping all the way through, straight to the first class cabin, then opened a room door and said, “Mr Chen, you can rest here, along the way I will shoot for specialised service, what Mr Chen needs, just say the word.”
Elder Sun was very polite, it seemed that Chen Ping’s dozen or so sound transmission jade slips had not been given in vain!
“Thank you Elder Sun!”
Chen Ping said politely!
“Mr Chen, you’re welcome, although I’m personally sitting in on this journey, but I can’t avoid someone hitting on this blimp.”
“If you hear any commotion, Mr Chen just rest, I will take care of it.”
Elder Sun reminded!
It seemed like Elder Sun ran this line often, so he was very confident!
“Understood!”Chen Ping nodded!
Even if Elder Sun didn’t say anything, Chen Ping wouldn’t easily throw his head out, if he ran into someone who knew him, his identity would be exposed and he would be in trouble!
As long as he arrived at the Guanghan Palace and got the Heavenly Demon Stone, Chen Ping would leave immediately!
Chen Ping locked the door to his room, then carved a small formation and cultivated himself!
The airship slowly took off, then quickly headed towards the southernmost part of the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Chen Ping entered a state of cultivation and was unaware of the passage of time!
I don’t know how long had passed, the blimp suddenly stopped, Chen Ping didn’t care, after all, Elder Sun had also said that there was something, so that Chen Ping didn’t have to care either!
And at this moment, around the dirigible, a dozen or so cultivators with a strong aura were surrounding the dirigible, all of them ferocious!
“Gentlemen, this is the blimp of the Wantong Pavilion, please be magnanimous, if you need resources, I can give you a token, you can take the token, you can go to any branch of the Wantong Pavilion to collect the resources.”
Elder Sun leapt out of the blimp, and behind him also followed a dozen or so Wan Tong Pavilion disciples!
Travelling to the Broad Cold Palace was one of the most perilous voyages, so every time he set out, Elder Sun would bring some more disciples with him!
“Elder Sun, the resources we want today are not something your Wantong Pavilion can afford to give.”
A man with only one eye said with a cold smile.
The man’s aura surged, and his strength of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm was revealed!
The others behind the man, each holding various treasures, were also at the fifth or sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
Elder Sun’s brows were slightly furrowed, he was only at the 8th level of the Transitional Appearance Realm, and the disciples of the Wantong Pavilion behind him were mostly at the 2nd or 3rd level of the Transitional Appearance Realm!
If they really fought, they had no chance of winning!
However, if all the cultivators on the airship helped, they might have a chance of winning!
But will anyone help?