The men brought by Cheng Kun and the men brought by Xuan Yuan Kai were combined in one place, all ready to attack.
“Second Brother, what do we do? Should we join in too?”
Qin Xiaotian saw that the two families had joined forces, so he asked anxiously.
If the two families really took the dragon crystal, they would get nothing from the Qin family.
It was better to join them now, maybe they could even share some when the time came.
“Shut up, even if we want to join now, they won’t look at us, we won’t be able to share anything by then, now just wait and see what happens ……”
Qin Xiaoxian finished, and gave Chen Ping a look.
If they didn’t manage to get the dragon crystal in the end, then they would have to find a way to kill Chen Ping and avenge their big brother.
“Zhao Barging, do you Shadowless Villa want to count a share and bring your men with us to deal with this Ice Dragon ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai asked as he looked towards Zhao Barging.
Although the people Zhao Barging brought were weaker and did not have Martial Sects, but one more person was more powerful, Xuan Yuan Kai wanted to do it to be safe, not to mention that there were people from Chen Ping and the Qin family around, if they fetched the Dragon Crystal but were seriously injured, then someone would definitely go after them behind their backs.
“Brother Kai, I don’t want any dragon crystal, I won’t get involved with you guys with this strength ……”
Zhao Beng shook his head.
He was just coming over for a swim, as for any dragon crystal, it was not important to Zhao Barging, his small life was the most important thing.
“Big brother Chen ……”
Xiao Ru saw that Cheng Kun and Xuanyuan Kai were going to jointly take the dragon crystal, so she worriedly shouted towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was also frowning at this time, he could not stand by and watch the dragon crystal being snatched away by others, but at this time, Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai’s two families were united, Chen Ping really had to clash with them, he would not be able to take any advantage at all, not to mention that there was still Qin Xiao Xian’s group of people looking at him intently.
If he were to get hurt in a conflict, the Qin family would not hesitate to take action.
Just when Chen Ping was in a dilemma, Cheng Kun and Xuanyuan Kai had already led their men to attack towards that ice dragon.
“Stop ……”
Chen Ping leapt forward and blocked in front of Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai.
“What do you want, you kid?”
Cheng Kun’s eyes glared when he saw that Chen Ping was actually stopping them.
“Can you guys leave the dragon crystal to me to get it, I can exchange it with you for other pills ……”
Chen Ping knew that he could not follow them into a conflict until he had to, or else he would get into a lose-lose situation, and no one would be able to get the dragon crystal, and in the end, it would be cheaper for those people in the Qin family.
“Get out of the way, don’t get in our way, you won’t get anything in exchange ……”
Cheng Kun, that fiery temper, slashed towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping dodged Cheng Kun’s attack with a sideways turn, but Xiao Ru, who was on the side, saw that Cheng Kun had actually made a move against Chen Ping and swung her sword directly at him!
Now Xiao Ru don’t look young, but the peak level of Grand Master, following that Xuan Yuan Kai the same realm, this Cheng Kun is simply not Xiao Ru’s opponent.
Ding …………
A crisp sound, Cheng Kun only felt his arm tingling, his body couldn’t help but take a few steps back, while Xiao Ru looked at Cheng Kun angrily and stood beside Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi also ran over.
“Howl …………” The snow wolf also ran over, showing its teeth at Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai.
“Paralyze them, surround them for me ……”
Cheng Kun cursed angrily, and soon the Perak Sect’s men surrounded Chen Ping and the others, and Xuan Yuan Kai, seeing this, also had his men looking at Chen Ping intently.
“Brother Kun, Brother Kai, don’t get angry, don’t get angry ……”
Seeing this, Zhao Barging hurriedly ran over, ready to persuade the fight from there.
“Zhao Barging, get the hell out of my way, whoever stops us today will die ……”
Cheng Kun said with a fierce face.
“Today, this dragon crystal must not be taken away by anyone else except big brother Chen ……”
Xiao Ru had a determined face.