Du Ziteng shot a glance at Jin Fusheng, but did not half appreciate the situation, but said coldly, “Jin Fusheng, the docks in South China City have been dominated by your Jin family for many years, for so many years, your Jin family has made enough money, are you considering letting others have a bite to eat as well?”
“The entire South China City has hundreds of vessels of all sizes, ninety percent of them are owned by your Jin family, are you not afraid of not having a life to spend when you earn so much money?”
When Jin Fusheng heard this, his face suddenly turned ugly.
How could he say that Du Ziteng was also a junior, but he had spoken to him so rudely.
Jin Fusheng’s face was cold as he tried hard to suppress the anger in his heart.
“Eldest nephew …… our two families ……”
“Stop, I am not your great nephew, let me tell you, today I am here to annex your Jin family, if you obediently hand over all the Jin family properties, you might still be able to stay alive ……”
Not waiting for Jin Fusheng to finish, Du Ziteng waved his hand and said.
This time, Du Ziteng was considered to have completely torn his face, and Jin Fusheng’s brow was Avray furrowed.
“Look at it this way, I’ll give your Du family eighty percent of the dock’s estate, and all those boats will be given to you, I’ll just keep the two cruise ships!”
Jin Fusheng followed Du Ziteng and discussed.
“Don’t you understand what I’m saying? What I want is all the properties of your Jin family.”
Du Ziteng turned his face cold and said.
The anger in Jin Fusheng’s heart exploded instantly and his eyes widened as he said, “Du Ziteng, you are bullying people too much, don’t you want to leave our Jin family a little way to live? I have been in South China for many years, but I have never said that I would kill your Du family.”
“I’m just too bullying, what can you do? Do you want me to kill everyone in your Jin family before you are willing to hand over all your properties?”
Relying on the three Grand Masters behind him, Du Ziteng was not afraid of Jin Fusheng in the slightest.
“Even if you kill everyone in our Jin family, you will never get my Jin family’s industries, don’t think that if you can find helpers, I can’t, when my helpers arrive, I will let your entire Du family perish ……”
Jin Fusheng gritted his teeth and shouted angrily.
“Hahahaha, you are too naive, don’t forget that your Jin family is not yours alone, after I kill you, someone will naturally give the Jin family’s estate to me ……”
Du Ziteng laughed out loud, and then clapped his hands.
Soon, a person wearing a suit, with gold-rimmed gla*ses, svelte and elegant walked in, looking at the person’s looks, following Jin Fusheng with a few similarities.
When he saw the person, Jin Fusheng was stunned: “Older brother, why have you come back?”
The visitor was none other than Jin Fusheng’s younger brother, Jin Fuwang!
Jin Fusheng had single-handedly built up his business, and later funded his own brother to go to university, and then let his brother go to a branch office to become the general manager.
Jin Fusheng did not understand how his brother suddenly came back at this time.
Only Jin Fu Wang did not pay attention to Jin Fusheng, but walked up to Du Ziteng and respectfully shouted, “Du Gongzi ……”
“Now if I hand over the Jin family to you as the head of the family, do you know what to do?”
Du Ziteng asked as he looked at Jin Fuwang.
“Of course, I will give all the Jin Family’s industries to the Du Family, and my Jin Family is also willing to depend on the Du Family’s side and be an affiliated family!”
Jin Fuwang said with a flattering face.
“Jin Fusheng, did you hear that? Without you, the entire Jin Family will be an affiliated family of our Du Family in the future.”
Du Ziteng looked at Jin Fusheng with a smug expression.
And at this moment, Jin Fusheng almost didn’t die of anger at his brother’s words and said with a red face, “Jin Fuwang, you f*cking beast, do you know what you just said?”
“Of course I know, you’ve been in charge of the Jin family for so many years and have more wealth than even some of the big families in Kyoto, while I? I’m just a general manager on a dead-end salary, so what gives me the right?”
“I want to be the head of the family too, I want to be as rich as gold and have concubines ……”
Jin Fuwang raised his head and yelled at Jin Fusheng.