With Xue Kun dead, the remaining guards followed Bai Shao and begged for mercy!
Bai Shao did not punish these guards, but went directly to the water prison and rescued Granny Yan!
The crisis in Hu Huangcheng was simply lifted like this, and Xue Kun’s long-planned mutiny was instantly dismantled!
This was the manifestation of strength!
Early the next morning!
Bai Shao then sent someone to the Purple Flame Sect to invite Elder Yu of the Purple Flame Sect to come!
After all, right now, no one knew whether the Purple Flame Sect had a technique for fusing to fire or not!
If the Purple Flame Sect was also absent, then Chen Ping would not have to make a trip to the Purple Flame Sect!
Right now, Chen Ping’s status was not suitable for running around!
“Empress, why did you send someone to invite Elder Yu of the Violet Flame Sect?”
“Recently, the Violet Flame Sect is supposed to have changed their dynasty, and I heard that the old Sect Master was forced to abdicate, and the new Sect Master took power.”
“During this period of time, it is the most serious infighting in the Purple Flame Sect, it is better for us, Hu Huang City, to stay out of the affairs of the Purple Flame Sect.”
Granny Zhen thought that Bai Qian had invited Elder Yu to discuss the matter of infighting in the Purple Flame Sect!
“The Violet Flame Sect has a new Sect Master?”
Bai Qian was a little surprised inwardly, “How long has it been, it’s incredible that a sect as big as the Purple Flame Sect has also changed its dynasty.”
“But don’t worry Granny Zhen, I’m not trying to get involved in that Purple Flame Sect’s affairs, it’s just that this friend of mine wants to fuse the Supreme Flame, so he asked the Purple Flame Sect if there are any techniques amongst their techniques that can fuse the Supreme Flame.”
Once Granny Zhen heard that Bai Shao wasn’t meddling in the matter of the Purple Flame Sect’s infighting, she nodded and said, “The Purple Flame Sect should have this kind of gong method, after all, the Purple Flame Sect is the most bullish sect in the Celestial Realm that cultivates fire gong methods.”
“It’s just that this kind of technique, whether the Violet Flame Sect will spread it out or not, that’s unknown, after all, the techniques of all sects are not spread out.”
Listening to Granny Zhen’s words, Bai Shao also had a difficult look on her face, then she looked at Chen Ping and said, “What if this Purple Flame Sect has a technique for fusing the Supreme Flame but does not spread it out to the public?”
“That’s not a bad thing to do, wouldn’t it be fine for me to join the Violet Flame Sect and become a disciple of the Violet Flame Sect.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
It seemed that Chen Ping had already thought of a countermeasure, he also knew that the gong methods of each sect were basically not transmitted to the outside world, and if one wanted to learn them, one had to become a disciple of the sect!
“You think joining the Purple Flame Sect is that easy, there is a test required.”
Bai Shao said!
“What?Do you think I can’t even pass an inner sect disciple test?”
Chen Ping asked playfully!
“That’s not true!”Bai Shao shook her head, although Chen Ping was only in the fourth rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm right now, but in terms of true strength, the ninth rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm was no match for him, so if he wanted to pass the Purple Flame Sect Examination that would still be easy!
“Master, if you want to join the Purple Flame Sect, you have to change your appearance before you can do so, and your name as well, so that you don’t let the people of the Purple Flame Sect forget about their own interests when the time comes and hold you back.”
The Fire Phoenix on the side opened her mouth!
After all, many people now knew that the Demon Sealing Alliance had used a hundred years of offerings to put Chen Ping to death!
If the people of the Purple Flame Sect knew Chen Ping’s true identity, he was afraid that Chen Ping would become a prisoner before he learnt this technique!
After all, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering was very tempting!
“That’s fine ……”
Chen Ping smiled, followed by his body turning around twice, and his entire person instantly changed his appearance!
As for the breath still not being able to completely change, Chen Ping wasn’t worried, after all, it wasn’t like anyone in the Purple Flame Sect knew Chen Ping’s breath!
“Let’s wait for that Elder Yu to come and ask, if he knows about this gong method, with our friendship, perhaps he will tell us the truth.”
Bai Shao didn’t really want Chen Ping to risk going to the Purple Flame Sect as some kind of disciple!
If one could get the gong method from that Elder Yu’s mouth, even if one had to pay a certain amount of resources, it would be worth it!
Near noon, that Elder Yu arrived!
At this moment, that Elder Yu’s face was wearing a bit of fatigue!