Chen Ping brought Ji Yun and the others back to that town, then took the Fei Tian Sect’s blimp and rushed back to the Fei Tian Sect!
This time, the Fei Tian Sect had suffered a lot of losses, and had lost more than half of its airships alone, so it would take a long time to recover!
Arriving at the Fei Tian Sect, Chen Ping had wanted to not make a stop, but he could not resist the enthusiasm of Ji Lianzhang, so he had no choice but to stay for a day!
Although the Fei Tian Sect had suffered a great deal of losses, it was still quite wealthy compared to normal sects!
So Ji Lianzhang treated Chen Ping well for a day!
“Mr Chen, can I …… I go with you?”
Before Chen Ping’s departure, Ji Yun finally gathered enough courage and whispered after Chen Ping!
Actually, Ji Yun wanted to follow Chen Ping, he could learn a lot of things and train himself!
Only his current strength, afraid of Chen Ping do not see, follow Chen Ping side is a burden, so has not dared to speak!
It wasn’t until Chen Ping was about to leave that Ji Yun opened his mouth!
“This …………”
Chen Ping was a little hesitant, it wasn’t that he didn’t want Ji Yun to follow, because following himself would put his life in danger, and now that he had provoked the Demon Sealing Alliance, he would definitely be hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance!
If Ji Yun followed himself, when the time came, there was a long or short, Chen Ping also did not know how to explain to Ji Lianzhang, Ji Lianzhang could only have one son!
“Ji Yun, it’s not that I don’t want you to follow, it’s just that now that the Fei Tian Sect has suffered a heavy blow, you should accompany your father to properly manage the Fei Tian Sect.”
“And following me around is dangerous, you also know that the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance are definitely looking for me everywhere, if I really encounter danger, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to take care of you.”
“Your father only has you as a son, if something really happened, what would you let your father do?”
Chen Ping could only follow Ji Yun truthfully!
“Mr Chen, you don’t have to think about me, if you can let Yun’er follow you, I’m all for it with both hands, and I can also offer a blimp as your transport!”
> “He has indeed changed quite a bit in the time he has been following you, it’s all impressed me, if he hadn’t met Mr Chen, maybe he would still be a playboy and uneducated.”
Ji Lianzhuang walked over and said loudly!
“Mr Chen, don’t have any concerns, my father has agreed.” Ji Yun looked at Chen Ping with an expectant face.
Chen Ping looked at Ji Yun’s expectant eyes and finally could only nod!
Especially Ji Lianzhu’s airship, this airship was not something that could be built with money alone, it was very troublesome and had a very long construction period!
Now that Ji Lianzhu was actually giving away a dirigible, it was enough to see the importance he placed on Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping nodding his head, Ji Yun roared with excitement!
“Fantastic, I can follow Mr Chen in the future ……”
While Ji Yun was excitedly yelling, Ji Lianzhuang pulled out a bronze-coloured coin from his pocket!
On top of the coin, there was a large word Ji engraved on it!
“Yun’er, this is a token of our Ji family, you take this and if you have the chance, go back to your old home to see ……”
Ji Lianzhuang handed that coin over to Ji Yun’s hand!
“Dad, didn’t you say there’s no one in the family for a long time?”
Ji Yun asked with a puzzled look on his face!
“Dad has always lied to you, in fact, there have always been people in the Ji family, and in the entire Central Region Continent, the Ji family is considered a prestigious family.”
“Back then, in order to marry your mother, I secretly ran out of the Ji Family and came here to start the Soaring Sky Sect.”
“A flash of so many years have passed, I don’t know how the Ji family is doing, and I don’t know how your grandfather is doing, if you have the chance to go to the Central Region Continent, take this and go to the Ji family to take a look.”
“And if there’s anything you need help with, the Ji family will definitely help when they see this coin ……”
Ji Lianzhang slowly said to Ji Yun!
It could be seen that Ji Lianzhuang missed his home, but after sneaking out for so many years, he had no face to go back long ago.