“Could this be another taboo?”
Chen Ping recalled that at the beginning, when he was inside the Demon Subduing Tower and wanted to get out, he could not open the door either.
“Come again ……”
Chen Ping smashed his fist again, a huge was a deafening sound!
Luo Xiang, who was outside the Demon Subduing Tower, saw this and could not help but change his face, “What is this guy doing inside? It’s like demolishing a house ……”
“Eldest Young Master, this Chen Ping is afraid that he is going to destroy the Demon Subduing Tower inside, he can’t get it and doesn’t want us to get it either ……”
Luo Jiu said.
As soon as Luo Xiang heard this, his hands immediately accelerated in force and speed, he wanted to rush in and stop Chen Ping from doing damage!
And after Chen Ping swung several punches in a row, the bronze door in front of him remained as it was, as if it hadn’t moved.
“What the hell is going on here?”
Chen Ping frowned, and then looked at his fist, “Does this need to be a Holy Light Fist as well?”
Chen Ping gathered up his spiritual power, then took a heavy breath, the muscles on his body bulging as he tried to use pure insta-power to open this bronze door.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping’s forehead rippled with veins, then relying on the power of his muscles contracting, he smashed his fist on top of the bronze door.
Creak …………
The bronze door began to move slowly under this fist of Chen Ping’s.
Seeing the bronze door open, Chen Ping was instantly overjoyed.
Soon, a dark light flickered from within the room, and a pure and strange aura came over him.
Feeling the aura, Chen Ping quickly walked in.
The whole room was dark, and Chen Ping felt like he was in a void, with only a little flickering light in front of him.
Chen Ping walked towards the light and soon a smaller version of the Demon Tower appeared in front of Chen Ping.
The tower was only about twenty centimetres high, and at the tip of the tower was a jewel, from which the flickering light came.
On top of the tower, a simple aura was emitted, making Chen Ping’s whole body feel very soothing.
“It is indeed true, this is the true essence of the Demon Subduing Tower, this is the true Demon Subduing Tower ……”
Chen Ping’s face was filled with excitement when he saw the Demon Subduing Tower in front of him.
Just as Chen Ping reached out, wanting to take the Demon Subduing Tower into his hands, suddenly the surrounding area became incredibly bright.
An old man with childish hair and a dragon head crutch in his hand was looking at Chen Ping angrily.
“Humph, it’s just that you let that demon daddy go, but you even want to take away the old man’s Demon Subduing Tower ……”
The old man’s voice was loud and majestic!
When Chen Ping saw this old man, he immediately looked respectful and said politely, “Senior, I didn’t know that this Demon Subduing Tower was yours, I didn’t mean to offend, please forgive me senior ……”
“Let me forgive you also can, you first have to defeat me first ……”
The old man said, and the dragon head crutch in his hand instantly smashed towards Chen Ping.
The terrifying aura instantly shook Chen Ping backwards.
“Senior, I don’t want this Demon Subduing Tower that’s all, I’ll leave now ……”
Chen Ping knew that he was simply not a match for this old man in front of him.
This old man was an expert at first glance, and his realm did not know how many times higher than Chen Ping’s.
“I said, if you want to leave, you have to win me first ……”
The old man smashed again with a crutch.
Chen Ping hurriedly dodged to the side and muttered, “At such an old age, I can’t believe that his temper is still so explosive ……”
The old man did not pay any attention to Chen Ping, but instead, he attacked in a series of attacks, hitting Chen Ping and dodging.
In the blink of an eye, the old man attacked a dozen moves in a row, all of which were dodged by Chen Ping.
This time, Chen Ping’s heart gained confidence.
“It seems that you are not as strong as you thought, since you have forced me repeatedly, I will fight you ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s body shone with golden light as the power of the divine Dragon erupted.
A golden dragon actually sprang out from Chen Ping’s body and surrounded him.
“Son of the Dragon, really good ……”
The old man suddenly raised the corners of his mouth, followed by a fierce poke of the dragon’s head crutch in his hand on the ground!
A dragon roar rang out, and the old man’s dragon head crutch actually transformed into a giant dragon as well.