“Chen Ping, don’t be discouraged, don’t we still have other ways? When the Hundred Refinement Pavilion Master comes out of seclusion, I will accompany you to the Hundred Refinement Pavilion and bring the Heavenly Mystery Order!”
Hu Puzi was afraid that Chen Ping was worried, so he patted his shoulder and said comfortingly.
“Master Hu, I am not that easy to be broken, don’t worry ……”
Chen Ping squeezed out a small smile and said!
In the next few days, Chen Ping did not leave the Dragon Sect, every day was just cultivating and taking stock of the day.
Now there was only the Heavenly Opportunity Order from the Hundred Refinement Pavilion that would allow him to open the entrance to the Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm!
On this day, Chen Ping was cultivating on his knees as usual when Long Xingxu pushed the door and walked in.
“Brother Chen Ping, the Ge family master is here ……”
Long Xingxu said to Chen Ping.
“Please come in quickly ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly got up, during this period of time Chen Ping did not follow the Ge family’s contact, it looked like Ge Fuhai came over, he should have something to find himself.
“Mr. Chen ……”
Ge Fuhai entered the door and shouted respectfully towards Chen Ping!
“Master Ge Family, is there something you are looking for me?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Mr. Chen, it is the clan elder who is looking for you, saying that he has some matters to discuss with you.”
Ge Fuhai said.
When Chen Ping heard this, he nodded, “Good, then let’s go now!”
As he followed Ge Fuhai to the Ge Clan grounds, Chen Ping asked, “Clan Master Ge, did Clan Elder Ge not tell you what the matter was?”
Ge Fuhai shook his head “No, but looking at that expression on the clan elder’s face it doesn’t seem too good, and the atmosphere in the secret realm has become quite tense recently.”
As they spoke, the two of them reached the entrance to the secret realm, Ge Fuhai recited the words under his breath and with a wave of his hand, a light door appeared!
After Chen Ping followed Ge Fuhai into it, the light door disappeared again instantly!
When Chen Ping arrived at the Ge family grounds, the place was the same as before, nothing had changed, except that there was a more stern aura in the air!
When the guards at the gate saw Chen Ping, they all bowed respectfully and opened the gate!
Entering the main hall, when Ge Cansheng saw Chen Ping coming, he hurriedly stepped forward and knelt down directly: “Greetings to the Hall Master ……”
“Clan Elder Ge, you don’t need to perform such a big salute, don’t call me Hall Master in the future, I don’t want people to know ……”
Even though Chen Ping was the Lord of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, it was still a little uncomfortable for Chen Ping to perform such a big salute to him!
“Yu Han, come and bow down to thank him ……”
Ge Cansheng shouted out.
Soon, Ge Yu Han quickly came and bowed towards Chen Ping, “Yu Han thanks Mr. Chen ……”
Chen Ping nodded slightly, looking at Ge Yu Han now completely recovered, Chen Ping was also very happy in his heart.
“Actually, I didn’t do anything, if it wasn’t for Senior Blood Demon’s hand, I’m afraid Miss Ge wouldn’t have recovered yet!”
Chen Ping felt ashamed of what he had received, after all, Ge Yuhan’s recovery had nothing to do with following him!
“Mr. Chen, Fu Hai has already told me about what happened at Penglai Island, if it wasn’t for Mr. Chen, how would that Blood Devil have stepped in!”
Ge Cansheng had a grateful face towards Chen Ping.
“Clan Elder Ge, I don’t know what you’re looking for me to do?”
Chen Ping didn’t want to be polite, he just had something to say, after all, he was very busy now, he had to go to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion in a few days!
Ge Cansheng looked around and then said, “Fuhai, Yuhan, you all go out, I’ll talk to Mr. Chen about something ……”
Soon, Ge Fuhai and Ge Yuhan left, leaving only Ge Cansheng and Chen Ping in the entire hall!
“Mr. Chen, did you notice when you came here that there was a slight change in the secret realm?”
Ge Cansheng asked.
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes, I felt it, although the environment hasn’t changed, but there’s a hint more of a solemn aura in the air!”
“Hey, it’s chaotic, it’s all chaotic, the Eight Great Mysterious Realms are now in disarray ……”
“Originally, the respective clan lineages in the eight great mysterious realms all lived peacefully and in peace with each other!”
“Because all the clan lineages knew that the day when the aura recovered would be the day of true turmoil!”
“All the clans and families are silently preserving their strength, and no one is fighting.”
“But Penglai Island’s aura recovery failed, and no one knew when the next aura recovery would be, so all the many clans and families couldn’t help themselves and began to fight over the resources in the secret realm.”
“In just these few days, in this Fire Gate Secret Realm alone, there are several clans and families that have disappeared because of the fighting.”
Ge Cansheng sighed heavily, his expression filled with helplessness!