“My gra*s, blow them what bull, I haven’t heard of anyone coughing from a second drink ……”
“A reformed prisoner, what are you pretending to be? Probably you’ve never even had a gla*s of Maotai!”
“I really can’t listen to this anymore, it’s hot to the ears ……”
When the crowd heard Chen Ping’s words, they all roared in anger!
The man who is poor, even if he is poor, he is still pretending to be a big spender!”
Wang Han Han ignored Zhang Miao, but she couldn’t understand what was wrong with Chen Ping today!
“Brother Chen Ping, if I’m not mistaken, you’re here in a Changan, right? These few bottles of wine could probably buy you a car, so what do you think you’re still pretending for?”
Leng Bing asked with a sneer on his face.
Only when Leng Bing said this did the crowd realise that Chen Ping had the keys to a Chang’an car hanging from his waist!
“It’s just supporting domestic production, there’s a Bentley, I just don’t like to drive it ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Lin Tianhu that Bentley, Chen Ping can drive it whenever he wants, the whole Gathering Hall is his own, not to mention a car!
Poof …………
Leng Bing had just taken a sip of water, and when he heard Chen Ping’s words, he directly spewed out!
“Hahahaha, in all my life, I’ve never seen bragging so calmly, you’re kind of a wizard, you still have a Bentley? I think you haven’t even seen what a Bentley looks like, have you?”
Leng Bing laughed out loud, laughing so hard that he was about to lose his breath!
Everyone else laughed too, laughing their heads off, some of them even burst into tears!
“Compared to you, I’m not even close, I’ve never seen one who cheats a girl out of money and can still pretend so calmly to treat her to dinner!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
When Leng Bing heard Chen Ping’s words, the smile on his face instantly disappeared and was replaced by a face full of gloom.
“What are you talking about, I can’t understand some of it!”
Leng Bing’s eyes narrowed slightly as he looked at Chen Ping!
“What I said, you understand in your heart, whether or not you cheated people out of money, you yourself know better than me ……”
Chen Ping also did not show any weakness as he stared at Leng Bing’s eyes!
The two people’s eyes collided, and the entire atmosphere in the private room instantly became tense!
“What are you babbling about? Brother Bing has hundreds of thousands of dollars for one watch, how could he possibly cheat people out of their money ……”
Zhang Miao yelled loudly at Chen Ping!
In Zhang Miao’s mind, Leng Bing was an ideal man with talent and wealth, such a rich man, how could he cheat people out of money!
“Right, Brother Bing someone a watch, I’m afraid your entire fortune can’t afford it, you don’t need to spout blood here!”
Wang Yutian also said to Chen Ping!
Obviously no one believed Chen Ping’s words, none of them believed that Leng Bing would cheat people out of their money!
“A fake watch is just a fake watch, is it worth showing off?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
From the moment he walked in the door, Chen Ping had noticed that Leng Bing’s watch was a fake, and now Chen Ping only needed to emit his spiritual energy to slightly test it to know!
Fake?
Everyone turned their eyes towards Leng Bing, even Wang Han Han, who had been comforting Wu Yi Fan, couldn’t help but look at the gold watch on Leng Bing’s wrist!
There was a flash of panic in Leng Bing’s eyes, followed by a burst of anger, “You are talking nonsense, my gold watch is imported from Switzerland, have you ever seen a gold watch? Have you ever seen a gold watch? How dare you a*sume it’s fake?”
“Chen Ping, it’s fine if you are jealous of Bing, why do you say that his watch is fake? It’s just a few hundred thousand dollars for a watch, isn’t it? It’s not like Bing doesn’t have money, why would he wear a fake one? Brother Bing drives a Mercedes S with over a million dollars, you’re not saying that his car is fake too, are you?”
Zhang Miao questioned at Chen Ping!
“What kind of status does Brother Bing have, how could he wear a fake watch!”
“When I was in school, I’ve heard that Brother Bing is very rich, how could this be wearing a fake watch.”
“Lament his misfortune, be angry at him, you don’t have one yourself, so you say others’ are fake, what kind of mentality is that!”
After hearing Zhang Miao’s questioning, the crowd also blamed Chen Ping!