Hearing Chen Ping ask this, Long Wu smiled somewhat helplessly, and then said, “To say the least, it has to start more than twenty years ago, at that time the Valley of the Wicked did not just have four wicked people, but five wicked people, and I was the oldest five ……”
“But when I was being chased by my enemies, it was your mother who saved me, from then on I left the Valley of the Wicked and became by your mother’s side, became her personal guard, and thus became a member of the Dragon Family, and changed my name to Dragon Five from then on.”
“This time, more than twenty years have pa*sed, the strength of the Vicious Valley is not what it used to be, but the four villains still give me face, if there is anything, I just have to ask, they will help ……”
Hearing Long Wu say this, Chen Ping realized that Long Wu used to be a member of the Valley of the Wicked!
Chen Ping did not follow Long Wu to talk about the Heavenly Dragon Hall, because the Heavenly Dragon Hall was Chen Ping’s last card, the less people knew about it the better.
After saying goodbye to Long Wu, Chen Ping took Gu Ling’er and rushed to the airport!
The northwest was still a long way from Kyoto, which was at the most border of the whole Daxia, and was considered the most barren part of Daxia, but because there were more primeval forests here, and because of the good environment, many martial artists liked to cultivate here!
Chen Ping took Gu Ling’er with him and flew for more than five hours before landing in the northwestern provincial city of Xichuan!
As soon as he got off the plane, Chen Ping realized what it meant to be truly barren!
A provincial city, looking prosperous, was still no match for the tiny city of Hongcheng.
“Buddy, taking a car?”
As soon as Chen Ping stepped off the plane, a taxi driver immediately stepped forward and asked.
Chen Ping nodded and got into the taxi with Gu Ling’er in his arms!
“Buddy, where are you going?”
The taxi driver asked after getting in.
“Take us to a bigger hotel to rest first ……”
Chen Ping asked the taxi driver to find a hotel to rest in first.
Right now Chen Ping didn’t know where that Northwest King Gu Kaiyuan lived, so he had to beat him to Gu Kaiyuan’s residence first before he could.
“Buddy, you sound like you’re from out of town, right? How come you came to our place? All the young people on our side have gone to work in the provinces, no one wants to stay in this sh*tty place anymore ……”
The taxi driver was quite chatty and followed Chen Ping around!
“Find a friend ……”
Chen Ping replied casually with his eyes slightly closed.
“Seeing that you’re dressed quite rich, let me take you to the only five-star hotel we have here, our entire provincial city has only this one five-star hotel, I heard that it’s particularly luxurious inside.”
“I won’t have the chance to stay in it in my lifetime, I heard that it cost over a billion dollars to build this hotel, it’s old and expensive ……”
The taxi driver chattered on and on.
“Whatever!” Chen Ping replied carelessly.
What hotel to stay in, Chen Ping did not have a particular need, where to stay made no difference to Chen Ping.
“In the entire Northwest, only the Northwest King Gu family can afford to build a five-star hotel, but I heard that the Gu family has been following the Kyoto gentry frequently lately, I heard that they want to move the family into Kyoto, if that happens, our Xichuan City will be even more desolate.”
The taxi driver sighed.
But at that moment Chen Ping suddenly opened his eyes and asked with a bit of excitement on his face, “Master, do you still know about Northwest King Gu Kaiyuan?”
The driver faintly froze and immediately said, “How is it possible that you don’t know, in the entire Northwest, the Gu family says second, who dares to say he is the boss, that Northwest King Gu Kaiyuan, I heard that in the entire Northwest, there is no enemy, everyone in the entire Northwest is afraid of him ……”
“No one in the entire northwest can beat him?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, obviously not believing it, Gu Kaiyuan’s strength was at most an eighth grade martial sect, how could it be that no one in the entire northwest could beat him?