“Impossible, it must be a fake, an impostor ……”
Xiao Da said, getting up and heading out, but he didn’t dare to show his face straight away!
He had to see if it was Chen Ping or not first, and if it was really Chen Ping, he would have to think of a countermeasure.
Arriving at the door, Xiao Da peeked out towards the palace gate, while Chen Ping was standing at the door with a slight frown on his face.
“This Xiao Da, he knows he’s here, why is he so inked up?”
When Chen Ping saw that he had been briefed for half a day and was still not allowed to enter, his heart burst into flames.
A ray of divine sense radiated out, and Chen Ping instantly spotted Xiao Da who was peeking in.
This discovery made Chen Ping’s head full of fog, wondering why this Xiao Da, who obviously knew he was coming, was secretly watching him and not letting him in?
Had this boy done something bad?
And after Xiao Da was sure that it was Chen Ping at the door, his legs went weak and his forehead was covered in cold sweat.
“Palace Master …………”
Seeing Xiao Da in that state, a disciple shouted softly.
“You go and invite Mr. Chen in, never let him know that I already know he’s here!”
Xiao Da explained to that disciple.
The disciple nodded and left, while Xiao Da quickly returned to the hall, followed by taking a few deep breaths.
Feeling that it was almost time, Xiao Da got up and walked quickly outside, and at that moment Chen Ping also happened to enter the hall.
“Mr. Chen, I was about to go to greet you, but I didn’t expect you to come in ……”
Xiao Da followed Chen Ping politely and said, “Please have a seat.”
Xiao Da personally poured tea for Chen Ping, knowing that he had seen Chen Ping’s strength with his own eyes.
Chen Ping looked at Xiao Da coldly, his eyes unblinking, making Xiao Da’s heart shiver, and the cold sweat on his forehead flowed out at the same time.
“Mr. Chen, I wonder if there is something wrong with your sudden visit in the middle of the night?”
Xiao Da asked to Chen Ping in some panic.
“Palace Master Xiao, did Miss Ji come to your place today?”
Chen Ping asked to Xiao Da.
“Yes, I was looking for Palace Master Ji to discuss some matters, but before it got dark, Palace Master Ji had already left, why? Hasn’t she gone back yet?”
Xiao Da asked, pretending to be a little surprised.
Chen Ping nodded, “She really hasn’t gone back, I wonder what important matters you are looking for Miss Ji to discuss?”
“Oh, it’s nothing much, it’s just that Zhou Er …… Zhou Tiancheng of the Zhou family in Wancheng came to me and wanted me to introduce him to Palace Master Ji, but I turned him back.”
“I was afraid that the Zhou family would find me in trouble, so I invited Palace Master Ji to discuss together how to deal with the Zhou family if they were to find trouble!”
Xiao Da tried hard to calm himself down, and then followed Chen Ping as he explained.
“The Zhou family?” Chen Ping frowned, he did not know of any Wancheng Zhou Family.
But just in this area of the southwest, there were as many clan families as there were cattle, so it was normal for Chen Ping not to know.
“This Zhou family, it is considered the largest powerful family in Wancheng, in the past, the Zhou family and our Sacred Beast Palace do not cross the river, only now the Sacred Beast Palace is greatly reduced in strength, so …………”
Xiao Da did not continue, but Chen Ping also understood.
When strength failed, then naturally, they would be bullied by others.
The Martial Dao world was so realistic, using strength to speak!
“Then could it be that Miss Ji has been captured by the Zhou Clan’s people?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Xiao Da.
“This …… is something I’m not sure about.”
Xiao Da shook his head.
Chen Ping stared at Xiao Da for a moment, watching that Xiao Da get nervous!
But soon Chen Ping withdrew his gaze and said to Xiao Da, “Palace Master Xiao, if you know of Miss Ji’s whereabouts, please let me know.”
“Don’t worry, Mr. Chen, I will definitely inform Mr. Chen if I know.”
Xiao Da nodded his head.