At this moment, Shi Qingpei, father and son, were enjoying themselves at Kuchan Temple!
After all, there are many devotees in Jue Yuan, and some devotees will do whatever they are told to do!
This also made Shi Yan happy!
“Dad, do you think that Chen Ping will come looking for Kuchan Temple?”
Shi Yan asked to Shi Qingpei.
“Who cares if he comes, if he doesn’t dare to come, then we will call your eldest uncle and make another trip to Kyoto, I will force that Chen Ping out on this trip!”
Shi Qingpei said with a cold smile.
“My eldest uncle is too bullish, not to mention so many disciples under him, and so many believers, enjoying every day, and still able to cultivate ……”
“This power of faith cultivation is much more convenient than looking for resources everywhere!”
“I also want to become someone like Eldest Uncle.”
Shi Yan’s eyes were full of envy as he said.
“Bullsh*t, am I going to break this weapon refining art in your hands?”
“Just learn how to refine with me from now on!”
Shi Qingpei glared at Shi Yan and said.
“I don’t want to learn, what can I do if I learn for half a day? It’s still like being beaten by that Chen Ping and scurrying away with nothing left.”
“In the end, I still have to get help from my eldest uncle, refining is too wasteful, I don’t want to be a refiner anymore!”
Shi Yan shook his head and said.
“What the hell do you know, if I could practice extremely fine magic weapons, or even treasure weapons, or immortal weapons, let alone a Chen Ping, even if it was the entire martial world, I would destroy it with a wave of my hand!”
“Even those guys in the Secret Realm would shiver at the sight of me.”
Shi Qingpei loudly reprimanded Shi Yan!
“Alright, stop bragging, wait until you can train an immortal weapon ……”
Shi Yan was too lazy to nag his own father and got up to leave!
Just at this moment, Jue Yuan walked in.
When he saw Jue Yuan walk in, Shi Yan instantly stepped forward with a flattering face to a*sist him, “Eldest uncle, do you have any orders for what you came for? Just send someone to call out to me directly!”
At this moment, Shi Yan was treating Jue Yuan far more than he was treating his own father.
When Shi Qingpei looked at Shi Yan, although he was uncomfortable in his heart, he had to bow his head under the eaves of the house.
“Senior brother, what do you want?”
Shi Qingpei asked.
“My current strength is showing signs of a breakthrough, so I have to close down and make a breakthrough before I can do so!”
“You two just stay here with good food and drink, I’ve already arranged everything!”
Jue Yuan said to Shi Qingpei and his father.
“Ah? You’re going into seclusion, eldest uncle?”
“But what if that Chen Ping calls? We’re afraid we won’t be able to beat him?”
Shi Yan’s face was full of worry!
He was scared of being beaten by Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, Eldest Nephew, I have already explained to a good friend of mine that he will sit at Kuchan Temple while I am in seclusion, so if that Chen Ping dares to come, he will not be able to return!”
Jue Yuan said.
“Uncle, what is the strength of your friend? That Chen Ping is not weak, he is at least at the late Martial Saint stage!”
Shi Yan was still a bit worried, he was afraid that the person Jue Yuan had found would not be able to beat Chen Ping!
“Hahahaha, is this a questioning of my strength, little friend?”
As Shi Yan finished speaking, a hearty laugh was heard, followed by a fat monk in monk’s robes walking in!
Right after this monk entered, the entire room was instantly filled with a powerful pressure!
Shi Yan and Shi Qingpei were not paying attention and were all crushed to the ground!
“Jue Yuan, these two are my senior brothers and nephews, stop it ……”
Jue Yuan said to the big fat monk.
“Hahahaha, Jue Yuan, your senior brothers and nephews, they’re really rubbish too, no wonder you invited me here!”
Jue Yuan laughed loudly, and withdrew that awesome pressure!
When Shi Qingpei’s father and son heard this, they instantly turned red with shame and embarra*sment!
“My senior brother is a refiner, so he’s almost as strong, but his refining skills are more than you can match!”
Jue Yuan was helping Shi Qingpei to gain some face back!
“Alright, don’t talk about that, you know the rules, one woman a day, I don’t want those crooked girls, I want beautiful women!”
Jueyue said with a wave of his hand.
“Don’t worry, it’s been prepared for a long time.” Jueyuan said.