“Mr Chen, that Ye Liancheng will definitely be guarding the Holy Pool, I’m afraid if you go by yourself ……”
Although Sheng Bushi knew that Chen Ping was able to fight across levels!
However, Ye Liancheng’s Transition Realm 9th Grade strength, even if Chen Ping was in a position to cross over, he would not be a match for a Transition Realm 9th Grade cultivator!
“Don’t worry, I have my measure!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Sheng Bushi saw that Chen Ping was very confident, so he did not say anything more!
“Take care, Mr Chen, this favour will be unforgettable for our Sheng family!”
Sheng Bushi said with great gratitude!
“Sheng family head don’t be polite, you must not forget to leave the Ye family as soon as possible, if the fight goes on for a long time, I’m afraid that you won’t be able to leave.”
Chen Ping once again barked at Sheng Bushi!
Sheng Boshi nodded and then ran towards the front yard with Sheng Jiayue in tow!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not hesitate in the slightest and headed towards the Ye Family’s Sacred Pool!
At this time, Ye Liancheng was at the edge of the Sacred Pool, quietly waiting!
Around the sacred pool, a transparent light shield that was if anything, constantly flickered!
This was also a simple formation that Ye Liancheng had laid down in order to prevent anyone from mistakenly entering the Sacred Pool!
This kind of formation could isolate all breaths and sounds from the outside!
Ye Liancheng also did this because he was afraid that someone would disturb his son!
And on the other side of the sacred pool, several Ye family members were continuously throwing in various exotic treasures into the sacred pool, Ye Liancheng wanted to make the water inside the sacred pool even more full of spiritual qi!
Along with the various exotic treasures and various immortal herbs being thrown in, the water in the sacred pool became clearer and clearer, and the entire surface of the water was like a mirror!
“Feng’er, father has placed all his hopes on you, you can’t let me down!”
Ye Liancheng stared at the Sacred Pool with a deadly stare.
Boom ……
Suddenly, there was an explosive sound, and the shield around the Sacred Pool was reduced to nothing in an instant!
“What kind of person?”
Ye Liancheng’s brows furrowed as his face turned ugly!
Ye Liancheng did not know Chen Ping, only that he was very angry when he saw Chen Ping destroying the shield!
And with a few moments of doubt, after all, this was the depths of the Ye Family’s backyard, how did Chen Ping, a stranger, break in?
Just as Ye Liancheng was puzzled, the sounds of the fight in the front yard also came over!
Just now, with the shield blocking it, Ye Liancheng had no idea what was happening!
However, now that the shield was gone, the sounds of killing continued to come, which made Ye Liancheng directly freeze, incredulously looking in the direction where the sounds were coming from!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took advantage of Ye Liancheng’s daze and slammed his palm!
The heavens and earth instantly dimmed as a streak of lightning streaked through the clouds!
“Running Thunder Palm ……”
Chen Ping faced Ye Liancheng, and the moment he struck, it was a masterstroke!
Chen Ping, who had already comprehended the Lightning Origin, as this palm went down, the entire Holy Pool area was all under the range of that Running Thunder Palm!
Countless bolts of lightning blasted down from mid-air!
Ye Liancheng’s eyes stared, and his entire body instantly erupted with an aura, which then directly covered the entire Sacred Pool!
Right now, Ye Feng was in a critical moment, he could not let anyone disturb him!
What if these thunderbolts bombarded the holy pool and there was an accident?
Ye Liancheng’s first thought was to protect the sacred pool!
On the side of the holy pool, those Ye family members who were throwing all kinds of exotic treasures inside the holy pool were all struck by the lightning, and each of them screamed miserably as they fell towards the holy pool!
Seeing this, Ye Liancheng’s palm slightly shook, and the breath covering the holy pool directly flashed a light!
Those Ye Family members who fell towards the Holy Pool, their bodies were directly shaken into a mist of blood before being blown away by a gust of wind!
Not a single drop of blood was left behind in the Sacred Pool!
As for Chen Ping, after striking the Running Thunder Palm, he did not hesitate to zap towards the Holy Pool!
“Kid, you’re looking for death ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was actually going to jump into the Sacred Pool, Ye Liancheng panicked!