Chen Ping nodded, and then Zhao Wuji led his men away, knowing that if he stayed, nothing would change, the other side could take their lives with a wave of their hands!
Zhao Wuji had to hurry back and report to Mr. Shi that this evil cultivator leader Fan Jiang was actually still alive, this was an important news.
Zhao Wuji walked back, and Fan Jiang was in no hurry to make his move, instead he put his hands behind his back, his eyes like vultures staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, as if he wanted to see Chen Ping through.
“At a young age, but with a skill, if you have either received a great opportunity, then your identity is not simple, today I may be able to find a breakthrough from you!”
Fan Jiang had a fierce smile on his face, as if Chen Ping had become his prey!
“Why do you want to kill me? Is it because someone ordered you to, or is it something else?”
Chen Ping did not understand, he did not know this Fan Jiang at all, nor did he have any grudge, why did the other party want to kill him.
“It doesn’t matter what the reason is, what matters is that you are going to die soon.”
“Tell the secrets in your body and hand over your treasures as well, and I might be able to make your death more comfortable.”
Fan Jiang looked at Chen Ping with a bit of teasing in his eyes.
Chen Ping’s eyes stared, “Are you just sure you can kill me?”
At this moment, Chen Ping remembered the talisman that Mr. Shi had given him, and the words he had admonished at that time.
It said that he had a bloodbath today, first in it seemed that Mr. Shi had guessed well!
It looked like that talisman could save his own life!
“What? Do you still have helpers?”
Fan Jiang looked around.
“No, I don’t have any helpers, but even if I were on my own, you wouldn’t be able to kill me ……”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Oh?” Fan Jiang raised his eyebrows slightly, with a few moments of playfulness on his face, “Tell me instead, why are you so confident that I can’t kill you?”
“There is no reason, if you don’t believe me, you can totally try ……”
Chen Ping was enraging Fan Jiang!
If that charm worked, Chen Ping would be able to take advantage of the opportunity to escape.
Facing Fan Jiang, an expert at the peak of Martial Marquis, Chen Ping couldn’t really think of any other way but to run for his life!
“Are you provoking me? So impatient for me to make a move on you, do you have something on you to save your life?”
Fan Jiang sneered as he looked at Chen Ping, seemingly seeing through Chen Ping’s mind.
Chen Ping frowned, but his heart began to panic, he didn’t expect this Fan Jiang to be so clever as to be able to see through his own mind!
“Humph, if you don’t dare to make a move, then I will ……”
A golden light burst out from Chen Ping’s body, and a terrifying aura instantly filled the air!
Fan Jiang, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping with incomparable calmness, seemingly unconcerned about the strength Chen Ping was displaying!
“Let me learn what you, the head of an evil cultivator from twenty years ago, are capable of ……”
Chen Ping let out an explosive shout, followed by a fist smashing over.
A golden light was wrapped around his fist, and the terrifying power of the divine dragon was emanating!
A cold smile appeared at the corner of Fan Jiang’s mouth as he casually raised his hand and directly met Chen Ping!
Boom!
The terrifying force collided, and Chen Ping only felt a huge recoil, causing him to quickly retreat backwards.
Fan Jiang, on the other hand, didn’t move a muscle, his entire face was filled with a strong sense of mockery!
Chen Ping rubbed his numb arm, and his heart grew even more uneasy.
This Fan Jiang’s strength was really strong, and the difference in strength between Chen Ping and Fan Jiang was too great.
“It is not a courtesy to come ……”
Fan Jiang said, his body instantly disappeared in place!
That extremely fast speed made it too late for Chen Ping to react!
Boom!
Fan Jiang’s fist smashed into Chen Ping’s chest, and Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards.
Large pieces of scales fell off his body, and his Unbreakable Golden Body became shattered!
Chen Ping frowned as his face became unsightly.