…………
Kyoto Protector’s Court!
Zhao Wuji had found Mr. Shi at the first opportunity after seeing the information posted by the Luo family on the forum.
This kind of big fight between clans and families was bound to result in countless deaths and injuries.
As officials, it was their responsibility to stop it.
“Mr. Shi, the Luo family has brought along the entire martial arts community in the north of the desert to follow the Valley of the Wicked …………”
Before Zhao Wuji could finish speaking, Mr. Shi waved his hand.
“I already know that!”
Mr. Shi interrupted Zhao Wuji and said.
“Then what do we do? Should we send someone to stop it in time?”
Zhao Wuji inquired.
“No, just let them go!”
Mr Shi said indifferently.
“Mr. Shi, this kind of large-scale armed fight, if we officially don’t step in, isn’t it …………”
“I said, let them go!” Mr. Shi suddenly looked up and dropped his gaze onto Zhao Wuji.
Zhao Wuji’s body shook slightly and immediately stopped talking, and stopped mentioning the matter of the armed fight between the Luo family and the Vicious Valley.
Seeing that Zhao Wouji did not speak anymore, Mr. Shi then slowly continued, “How is it that the entire martial arts world in Daxia has been settled for too many years, especially the Kyoto martial arts world, now it is time to reshuffle the cards ……”
Zhao Wuji did not understand what Mr. Shi said, but as the Lord of the Guardian Pavilion, he could only obey orders.
…………
Inside the Valley of the Wicked!
Ding Da had also seen the information on the forum, and when he saw that the Luo Family had actually brought the entire martial arts community of the Desolate North to openly challenge the Valley of the Wicked, Ding Da’s brow furrowed slightly.
“Big brother, this Luo family seems to be determined to have Mr. Chen.”
Ding Bu Er said in a small voice.
“No matter what, even if I have to fight for all of my Wicked Valley, I must not let them take Mr. Chen away!”
Ding BuDa’s eyes were firm, “Immediately inform every single person in the Vicious Valley to show their determination to die and fight to the end.”
“Big brother, why don’t I go out and get some helpers?”
Ding Bu Si said.
“What kind of helpers can we find in the Vicious Valley?”
Ding BuDa gave a self-deprecating smile.
Ding Bu Si didn’t say anything, all these years, the Vicious Valley didn’t have any friends, nor did they have dealings with other clans and families, they had always been on their own!
Just at this moment, a Vicious Valley guard suddenly ran in in a hurry.
“Boss, a lot of people have suddenly come outside, saying that they are looking for you.”
The guard said with a somewhat panicked expression.
“The Luo family can’t possibly come this fast, right?”
Ding Da Da said with a frown.
Soon, Ding Da Da led the men outside the valley, and indeed, he saw hundreds of people outside, standing at the entrance of the Valley of the Wicked.
Ding Da Da swept a glance and found that he was not very familiar with these people.
“Master Ding Gu, Zhao Liguo of the Shadowless Villa has taken the liberty to disturb you!”
At this moment, Zhao Liguo stepped forward and arched his hand at Ding Da.
“I wonder if there’s something that Master Zhao Liguo has brought so many people to my Vicious Valley all of a sudden?”
Ding Da asked as he cautiously looked at Zhao Liguo.
“Master Ding Gu, I know that the Luo Clan of the Desert North has placed a letter of war to come and take away Mr. Chen, so I have purposely brought people here to help the Vicious Valley to defend against the Luo Clan together and protect Mr. Chen.”
Zhao Liguo hurriedly explained.
Seeing that Zhao Liguo was actually here to help, Ding’s heart relaxed.
As the saying goes, a drum breaks ten thousand pounds.
Ding Da was afraid that some clans and families would take advantage of the Luo family’s challenge to the Vicious Valley and turn on it as well.
At that time, the Valley of the Wicked would not be able to withstand it.
However, Ding did not take a look at those people Zhao Liguo had brought with him, as well as Zhao Liguo’s own strength, and said with a faint smile, “Master Zhao, thank you for your good intentions, but with the strength of these people of yours, staying here would just add to the casualties.”
“Master Ding Gu, I know that these people I brought with me are not very strong, but we people are not afraid of death, if Master Ding Gu thinks we are a burden, then we will station ourselves outside the valley!”
“The Luo family is bringing people here, they will have to kill all of us first before they can enter the Valley of Evil, even if we can buy a minute of time for Mr. Chen, it will be worth it for us to die!”
Zhao Liguo said with a determined expression.