“What do you want to see me about?”
Chen Ping asked with a calm face.
“Brother Chen, I’m here to help you this time, I definitely don’t mean anything else ……”
Ning Zhi also seemed to see that Chen Ping did not welcome himself, and said.
“Help me?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, “What are you helping me with?”
Dong Jiahao had just dinged away, and immediately this Ning Zhi arrived, this was too much of a coincidence!
“Brother Chen, I’ve come a long way, you wouldn’t let me stand in the courtyard and talk, would you?”
Ning Zhi said with a faint smile.
Chen Ping glanced at Ning Zhi, so he said indifferently, “Come in ……”
Ning Zhi led the way and followed Chen Ping into the room!
As soon as he walked into the room, Ning Zhi’s eyes were drawn to the 90,000 mile mountain and river map, his eyes filled with greed.
Chen Ping sensed the difference in Ning Zhi’s eyes, so he put away the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map and put it directly into his storage ring.
Ning Zhi looked at the storage ring on Chen Ping’s hand and his eyes became even hotter!
“Young Master Ning, won’t you introduce us to it?”
At this point, the man in the short, lean clothes said.
Only then did Ning Zhi turn back to his senses and said to Chen Ping, “Brother Chen, this is Mr. Gu Kaiyuan Gu, the King of the Northwest ……”
Gu Kaiyuan cupped his fist towards Chen Ping, “Brother Chen, I have heard of your great name for a long time in the Northwest, at a young age, you dare to call the shots against the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance, you are truly a young hero!”
“You’d better get straight to the point!”
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to that Gu Kaiyuan, and said directly to Ning Zhi.
He originally did not have a good feeling towards Ning Zhi, and on top of that, Dong Jiahao had just reminded him, so at this moment, Chen Ping was always on guard against Ning Zhi.
“Brother Chen, I heard that your girlfriend was taken away by someone and her whereabouts are still unknown?”
Ning Zhi asked.
Chen Ping nodded, not feeling surprised, after all, the Ning family was considered a big family in Kyoto, so it was not surprising that Ning Zhi knew some things.
“Brother Chen, I can tell you that your girlfriend was the one who was captured by the Martial Alliance and is now locked up within the Martial Alliance’s dungeon.”
Ning Zhi continued.
“I have already guessed all this, if that is all you are telling me, then please go back!”
Chen Ping did not want to follow Ning Zhi around too much!
“Don’t rush to kick me out yet, I’m telling you something you don’t know!”
Ning Zhi smiled faintly, pausing slightly before continuing, “Your girlfriend was taken away and has now become a resource for Zhu Zhi Shan’s cultivation, Zhu Zhi Shan will take your girlfriend’s blood every day, not only does he use it himself, as far as I know, he also gave a bottle to Long Xiao, in order to make that Long Xiao’s strength increase greatly when you compete in the tournament!”
As Ning Zhi finished his words, Chen Ping stood up with a scuffle, followed by a terrifying killing aura rising instantly from his body, as large black clouds began to condense in the clear sky, plunging the surroundings into darkness!
Although Chen Ping had expected that Su Yuqi’s capture by the Martial Alliance would definitely be because of the matter of Su Yuqi’s spirit body, these people would definitely study Su Yuqi’s blood as well!
But now that he heard Ning Zhi say it himself, Chen Ping could no longer suppress the anger and killing intent within him ……
“How did you know that?” Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi and asked in an icy voice.
“You don’t need to know that, the whole of Kyoto isn’t dominated by the Martial Union alone, I will naturally have my own channels if I want to know anything!”
Seeing Chen Ping fuming, the smile on Ning Zhi’s face intensified.
“Are you telling me this to say that you have a way to get my girlfriend out?”
Chen Ping thought that the reason why Ning Zhi was telling him this was that he must have a way to rescue Su Yuqi, but there must be a price, and the price would be the 90,000 Miles Mountain and River Map and the storage ring in his own hands!
“Nonono……” Ning Zhi waved his hand, “You shouldn’t imagine me to be too powerful, I’m not capable of rescuing someone from the Martial Union’s dungeon right now!”