Chen Ping looked at Gu Kaiyuan, his eyes as flat as water, at this moment, he looked at Gu Kaiyuan as if he was looking at a jumping clown, the power of the divine dragon in his body gave Chen Ping absolute confidence!
Just as Gu Kaiyuan reached Chen Ping, suddenly, the dragon chopping sword in Chen Ping’s hand shone brightly and flamed up to the sky, and then a fierce sword chopped towards the compa*s above Gu Kaiyuan’s head!
Chen Ping knew that without the enchantment of this magic weapon, Gu Kaiyuan’s strength would instantly drop and would be insufficient to worry about!
Ka-ching …………
With this sword, it actually chopped Gu Kaiyuan’s compa*s in half directly, the light on the compa*s disappeared and all the magic power disappeared with it!
Gu Kaiyuan screamed miserably as his body fell heavily, followed by his body quickly shrinking into a thin form, and the aura on his body dropped a lot!
“My magic weapon ……”
Looking at the compa*s that was completely destroyed, Gu Kaiyuan’s heart ached!
Gu Kaiyuan stared deadly at Chen Ping, his body trembling slightly, his eyes filled with murderous aura!
“I’ll give you a fight ……”
Gu Kaiyuan condensed his entire body’s strength, intending to follow Chen Ping in a final fight!
Terrifying power began to spread through Gu Kaiyuan’s body, followed by a furious cry as he viciously smashed into Chen Ping!
“Come back quickly ……”
Seeing this, Ning Zhi hurriedly told Gu Kaiyuan to retreat back, without the magic weapon to hold on to, Gu Kaiyuan could not possibly be a match for Chen Ping, especially now that Chen Ping had the power of the divine Dragon to add to his strength.
But at this moment, Gu Kaiyuan was as crazy as a madman, how could he still listen to Ning Zhi’s words.
Facing the mad Gu Kaiyuan, Chen Ping slowly punched him in the face.
This simple punch contained an incomparably terrifying and domineering power.
Boom …………
When Gu Kaiyuan followed Chen Ping’s punch, he instantly regretted it because he felt an overwhelming force that had penetrated through his arm and directly into his internal organs!
This force directly caused Gu Kaiyuan to fly backwards as if he were a kite with a broken string, his body smashing viciously into the ground, smashing the ground into a large crater!
When Gu Kaiyuan climbed out of the pit, he was already in a mess, his arms were bent in a strange way, he was covered in mud, and there was blood coming out of his mouth and nose!
When he looked at Chen Ping again, there was already panic in Gu Kaiyuan’s eyes!
“My Dragon Cutting Sword is right here, do you still want it?”
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was raised high, and a terrifying aura enveloped an area of thousands of meters in all directions!
Poof …………
Gu Kaiyuan was actually directly crushed to the ground under this terrifying aura, as if he was a dead dog!
“I …… I ……”
Gu Kaiyuan didn’t know how to reply to Chen Ping, how could he dare to hit Chen Ping’s Chopping Dragon Sword now!
On the side, Ning Zhi’s eyes flickered, not knowing what he was thinking!
“Do you still want the dragon crystal inside me?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Ning Zhi with a teasing expression.
Ning Zhi’s face turned pale as the aura on his body rose up, “Chen Ping, even if you have the power of a divine dragon, you don’t have to be so rampant, I will take the dragon crystal in your body today.”
Ning Zhi gritted his teeth and immediately took out the Qiankun Circle, the moment the Qiankun Circle appeared, an ancient aura began to envelop Ning Zhi’s body!
“Do you think this Qiankun Circle of mine is just an escape tool?”
Ning Zhi smiled coldly, and immediately afterwards threw the Qiankun Circle towards Chen Ping, the Circle suddenly soared, and then several auras shot out from within the Circle!
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly waved an impermeable barrier in front of him with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
Clang clang clang …………
There was a series of sounds as several breaths struck the barrier in front of Chen Ping, but surprisingly, they were all blocked.
Ning Zhi frowned as he once again activated the Qiankun Circle to hover above Chen Ping’s head, followed by a wave of mighty pressure directly enveloping him within the Qiankun Circle!