When Ni Sidao saw this scene, he was also long frozen, confused as to what was going on.
He knew that this last move was the killer move of the Tian Luo Pavilion, and this Jiao Snake was the guardian deity of the Tian Luo Pavilion, and he would not summon this Jiao Snake until the last resort.
But now, this Guardian God of the Tian Luo Pavilion was about to turn into a small snake, and was still panicking and trying to escape, how could this not make Ni Xidao feel shocked!
“Want to leave?”
When Chen Ping saw that the jiao snake wanted to escape, his body leapt out and directly grabbed the tail of the jiao snake, pulling out the jiao snake that had already burrowed into half of its body hard.
The snake was no longer as fierce as it had been when it faced Chen Ping, so it turned its head and ran away in fear, while Chen Ping had the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand and swung it down with all his might!
Poof …………
The Jiao Snake’s head was instantly chopped off by Chen Ping, and blood sprayed all over the ground!
Poof …………
After Chen Ping chopped off the Jiao Snake’s head, that Ni Sidao could no longer support himself, his black aura instantly disappeared, while he seemed to have instantly aged a lot, falling to the ground, not even having the strength to stand up.
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword and turned to look at Ni Sidao, who had fallen to the ground, his eyes cold and terrifying.
Looking at Chen Ping that way, Ni Sidao’s pupils contracted violently, and his eyes were covered with terror inside.
“Don’t …… not kill me, you can make me do anything ……”
Ni Sidao was trembling as he begged for mercy.
He was a martial sect and the pavilion master of the Tian Luo Pavilion, but at this moment, he was begging for mercy in front of Chen Ping.
Xiao Lan looked at the scene in front of her and was incomparably shocked, knowing that this Ni Sidao, within the dozens of sects in the southwest, was considered a dignified figure, whether it was King Miao or that Xiahou Dun, they all had to be respectful when they saw Ni Sidao.
But such a powerful figure was now begging for mercy like a grandson in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s image had become much greater in Xiaolan’s heart, and that feeling Xiaolan had for Chen Ping had deepened again.
Pop!
Chen Ping pressed one hand directly on the top of that Ni Sidao’s head, followed by the operation of the Heart Condensation Technique, and a huge suction force, began to continuously suck the powerful Qi from Ni Sidao’s body!
Ni Sidao struggled desperately, but he could not move at all.
After a few short minutes, Ni Sidao’s body had turned into a dried up form, his eyes were wide open and he was dead. ……
The light on Chen Ping’s body slowly dissipated, and the surroundings were all silent for a moment.
The spiritual energy that Chen Ping lost following the Jiao Snake battle was all replenished at this moment.
Looking at Bai Zhantang and Zhao Wuji, who were injured and fell to the ground not far away, Chen Ping walked over and grabbed the two men’s hands, a stream of pure spiritual energy was input into their bodies, and the two men’s injuries quickly improved.
“Thank you Mr. Chen ……”
Bai Zhantang and Zhao Wuji got up and hurriedly followed Chen Ping to say thank you.
“I should be the one to thank you guys, if you hadn’t helped me, you wouldn’t have been injured ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he walked towards the decapitated Jiao Snake and smashed the snake’s head with one palm, and a crystal clear beast elixir rolled out.
Chen Ping picked up the beast dan, inwardly excited, it seems that he guessed correctly, these fierce beasts have already got beast dan in their bodies, and these things, are precious things for cultivation.
“This Jiao Snake scales are hard, it’s good to make a piece of armour, and this blood and flesh can enhance strength, you guys take it back and share it!”
Chen Ping said to Bai Zhantang and Zhao Wuji.
The two men. They were overjoyed and hurriedly went forward to dismember the jiao snake, while Chen Ping took Xiaolan and slowly headed towards the Gu family.
Xiahou Dun was still sitting like mud in the Gu family courtyard, looking at Chen Ping’s return, his body covered in blood, Xiahou Dun knew that Ni Sidao had not escaped either.
Chen Ping didn’t follow that Xiahou Dun’s nonsense, and slapped his palm on Xiahou Dun’s head, directly sucking all the powerful qi out of Xiahou Dun’s body.