Xiao Dynasty!
Chen Ping immersed himself in cultivation, the surrounding resources visibly dwindling at a rapid pace!
“Chen Ping, get out here, where are you?”
Just as he was cultivating, a furious voice rang out!
“Little sis, didn’t you promise to talk nicely, don’t get mad…”
Lin Kefan trailed behind Lin Keting, trying to calm her down!
Back in Sun-Moon City, Lin Kefan had spilled the beans about Chen Ping sleeping with Hua Yueying!
Lin Keting, in a fit of rage, stormed over!
Xuan Bin and the others, seeing Lin Keting barrel in with Lin Kefan in tow, smirked faintly, they knew Chen Ping’s cushy days were numbered!
Chen Ping could juggle multiple women, but that came with the hassle of too many!
“Mr. Chen is cultivating, no one’s to make a racket and disturb him…”
At that moment, Hua Yueying stepped forward!
Lin Keting spotted Hua Yueying and instantly flared up, “So it’s you stealing my man, huh? Why not find someone else, why Chen Ping?”
“I didn’t go after him, he came after me…” Hua Yueying replied!
If Chen Ping hadn’t wanted her to teach him Rain of Grace, there’d be no need for dual cultivation!
“Rubbish, you must’ve seduced him, get Chen Ping out here to clear this up!”
Lin Keting didn’t buy it, charging forward to confront Chen Ping!
“I said, Mr. Chen’s cultivating, no interruptions!”
Hua Yueying waved a hand, an array flashing up to block Chen Ping’s room!
Lin Keting, already fuming, saw the spell and went straight for Hua Yueying!
Hua Yueying didn’t hold back either, squaring up with her!
Two women scrapping, everyone else just watched, no one dared step in!
“Stop it, stop it…”
Lin Kefan, helpless, could only plead from the sidelines!
The two traded blows, but Lin Keting couldn’t match Hua Yueying’s skill, soon falling behind!
If Hua Yueying hadn’t pulled her punches, Lin Keting would’ve been down ages ago!
Still, Lin Keting was Sun-Moon City’s young miss, with her brother Lin Kefan watching, Hua Yueying didn’t dare go too hard!
Boom…
Mid-brawl, a sudden roar!
The sky turned pitch black, thick tribulation clouds blanketing the entire Xiao Dynasty!
It felt like the end of the world!
“Mr. Chen’s breaking through…”
Seeing this, Xiao Yuanshan quickly said!
Hua Yueying and Lin Keting stopped, staring blankly!
They knew this was Chen Ping’s most perilous moment, no distractions allowed!
Tribulation crossings were bloody dangerous!
Rumble…
Crack crack…
Thunder roared, lightning slashed down!
After who knows how long, the sky cleared, the tribulation clouds drifting off!
The door creaked open, Chen Ping stepped out slowly!
Now, he’d hit Third-Grade Mahayana Realm!
A small realm jump like this, barely fazed him anymore!
This tribulation thunder, couldn’t even scratch him!
“Who was yelling their head off while I was cultivating?”
Chen Ping’s gaze swept over Lin Keting and Hua Yueying!
Facing him, Lin Keting suddenly turned coy, her shouting days done!
“Mr. Chen, she wanted to see you, I stopped her to avoid disturbing your cultivation!”
Hua Yueying said!
“Don’t you know interruptions during cultivation are a massive no-no? Were you trying to make me lose control, kill your own man?”
Chen Ping grilled Lin Keting!
“I… I didn’t… I wasn’t…”
Lin Keting shook her head fast!
She’d never harm Chen Ping, she was just ticked off earlier!
“Gotta punish you for this today…”
Chen Ping grabbed Lin Keting and dragged her toward the room!