Although Chen Ping didn’t know, this dragon crystal had come into his hands, and still have any connection with Cen Biqing, but since this dragon crystal took the initiative to absorb, Chen Ping didn’t stop it!
In the future, Chen Ping will also rely on this dragon crystal to find Cen Biqing girls, to find that Zhen Demon Pagoda, this Zhen Demon Pagoda suppression of all the dragons!
Chen Ping will also look for the owner of the Demon Suppressing Tower and ask this guy what deep hatred he has with the dragons!
The next morning!
Chen Ping found Zhu Yuanji, he wanted to bring Zhu Qingyue back to Xiao Dynasty, since he promised that Xiao Feng, Chen Ping had to do it.
Zhu Yuanji did not stop him, except that he had another concern, that was Qi Yuankun of Qi Family Town.
Although Qi Heng had died and Qi Family Town was not strong, but after all, that Qi Family Town had hooked up with the Demon Sealing Alliance behind it!
If this Qi Yuankun was still looking for trouble from the Zhu Family Town, that would not be good!
“Since that’s the case, then I’ll exterminate the Qi Family Town so that the Zhu Family Chief will have no worries.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his figure flickered away!
It only took half a day for Chen Ping to return, and the news of Qi Family Town’s destruction had also reached Zhu Family Town!
Since the Qi Family Town had chosen to go along with the Demon Sealing Alliance, there was no psychological pressure or concern for Chen Ping to kill the Qi!
The people of the Demon Seal Alliance, all deserve to die……
Chen Ping brought Zhu Qingyue to leave, while Zhu Qingxiu looked at Chen Ping and said, “I will also go with you ……”
“Where are you going with me?”Chen Ping was slightly stunned!
“I’m going to the Dead Sea, just find a random island to cultivate on, that way, that Fan Xianbo won’t be able to find me.”
“Otherwise, if I have the Jade Slip Secrets on me, Fan Xianbo definitely won’t let it go, and this will also bring disaster to Zhu Jia Town.”
Zhu Qingxiu said!
She decided to continue to go to the island in the Dead Sea to cultivate, and when she had enough strength one day, she would revive the Ten Thousand Swords Sect!
Seeing that Zhu Qingxiu was talking sense, Chen Ping could only nod his head in agreement!
Poor Zhu Yuanji, he had just not stayed with his own daughters for a few days before his two daughters had to leave again!
However, knowing that both of his daughters were fine, Zhu Yuanji was still very happy!
“Father, after I go to the Xiao Dynasty, I’ll definitely come to see you often, don’t worry.”
“At that time, I’ll pick you up and take you to live in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty for a while, so you can also feel the majesty of the Imperial City!”
Zhu Qingyue pulled Zhu Yuanji’s hand and said!
“Well well well …… my daughter-in-law has made a name for herself.”
Zhu Yuanji’s face was full of smiles, then he waved his hand and said, “Let’s go, don’t delay.”
Zhu Qingyue and Zhu Qingxiu both boarded the dirigible, which then slowly took off!
As Zhu Yuanji looked at the blimp that took off, tears could no longer be restrained from flowing out!
In an instant, Zhu Yuanji seemed to have aged a lot!
The airship flew towards the Dead Sea, and by the time it reached the edge of the Dead Sea, the sky had already darkened.
Chen Ping was not inside the airship, but stood directly on the top of the airship, looking at the vast Dead Sea and the setting sun reflecting the light!
Zhu Qingxiu also went up to the top of the dirigible, she knew that her time to leave was coming up!
She didn’t know if she would have the chance to see Chen Ping again after she left this time!
Perhaps this was the last time they would see each other!
When Zhu Qingxiu came to the top of the airship, she saw Chen Ping standing in the front section with his hands behind his back, and the afterglow of the setting sun was scattered on Chen Ping’s body, which surprisingly gave people a dreamy feeling!
Zhu Qingxiu stared at Chen Ping’s back with a deadly stare, and suddenly her brows frowned slightly!
She found that a strand of strange aura was surging towards Chen Ping from all directions, and Chen Ping stood in the front section of the airship, not moving, reflecting the evening sunlight in the sky, and even coalesced into a shadow behind him!
Those shadows looked like giant dragons, each of which was coiled behind Chen Ping!
True Dragon’s Qi?
Zhu Qingxiu was deeply shocked!
At this moment, she was actually a little ashamed of herself, how could a person of her status be worthy of Chen Ping, and she had even taken the initiative to show herself last night!