In the sacred pool!
Chen Ping kept sinking downwards, with the Fire Spirit Pearl in his body, Chen Ping was fine even if he did not use his Origin to Fire!
However, very soon, Chen Ping only felt a buzzing in his sea of consciousness, and the icy coldness in the Sacred Pool unexpectedly disappeared!
But what came along with it was an endless pressure!
Chen Ping only felt his entire body’s bones snapping, and it was as if his entire body was being compressed!
Chen Ping hurriedly operated his Unbreakable Golden Body, which was able to resist the pressure of the Sacred Pool!
“It’s really strange, how could this one Sacred Pool be hindered in a different way?”
Chen Ping was puzzled!
However, Chen Ping still continued to dive downwards, only that this Sacred Pool seemed to be boundless, as if there was no bottom at all!
Chen Ping himself did not know how long he had been sinking down, and there was no way for his divine sense to probe.
The current Chen Ping was as if he was floating in the endless darkness of the universe by himself, and that feeling of loneliness was frightening!
“Mr Chen, Mr Chen ……”
Ochre Yan’s voice rang out!
Only then did Chen Ping come back to his senses from that endless loneliness!
“Mr Chen, your divine sense is trapped and has been floating motionless ……”
Ochre Yan said to Chen Ping!
“What, I haven’t been moving?”
Chen Ping’s face was full of astonishment, he thought he had been diving all along!
“Didn’t move, it feels very odd within this holy pool, you should pay more attention, Mr Chen.”
Ochre Yan reminded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s head was in a cold sweat at this moment, if Ochre Yan did not wake himself up, Chen Ping was afraid that he would have to keep floating here, that would be too scary!
Chen Ping hurriedly sobered up, then held his breath and kept diving downwards!
Soon, mud and sand appeared in front of Chen Ping, proving that the bottom of the pool had arrived!
When Chen Ping’s feet stepped on the bottom of the pool, that feeling of solidity finally came within his heart!
Chen Ping looked around and found that not far away, there was a ball of light! <br>
<br>Looking at the light, Chen Ping’s heart was very happy, if there were treasures at the bottom of the pool, it would be good!
Chen Ping slowly walked towards that light!
When Chen Ping got closer, he realised that it was a piece of jade that was emitting light!
Moreover, around the jade, there was a curtain of light that enveloped the jade!
This jade stone was the size of a palm and gave off a very peculiar aura!
Just as Chen Ping reached out to pick up the jade, his palm passed through the curtain of light, and the jade suddenly emitted a blinding golden light!
Within the golden light, a man’s figure slowly appeared!
“Bold disciple, dare to pry into this seat’s Heaven Mending Stone ……”
The man’s face was icy cold, his gaze coldly looking towards Chen Ping, that voice was like a flood bell, causing Chen Ping’s divine sense to go into a trance!
Chen Ping hurriedly withdrew his hand and quietly looked at the man, while his eyes were filled with greed.
“Heaven Mending Stone? Could this be an Immortal Stone?”
Chen Ping asked to the man!
“Hmph, you’re a small cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm, why are you asking so much? This is an Immortal Stone, yet it is useless to you.”
“Wait until you ascend to Immortality before you come ……”
The man’s eyes were filled with contempt!
Feeling the man’s contemptuous gaze, Chen Ping then let out a cold laugh and said “You are now nothing more than a wisp of a remnant soul, not even a remnant soul, only a wisp of a remnant thought.”
“You still despise me, today I will take away the Heaven Mending Stone, what can you do to me?”
Chen Ping was not afraid of this man, this guy might have hung up a long time ago and then left a wisp of residual thought here, surging to scare people!
Chen Ping would not let him scare him easily!
Only to see Chen Ping grabbing over with a palm, not caring about the man in the slightest!
Moreover, Chen Ping’s palm actually directly penetrated the man’s body!
“Ignorant little child, die ……”
The man let out a furious cry, and that Heaven Mending Stone bloomed with ten thousand lights!
These ten thousand flashes of light were like a sharp sword, coming directly towards Chen Ping!