“Elder Miao, hold on, I feel like the master is just ahead, just find him.”
The fire phoenix said in relief to Old Miao!
“Alright!” Miao Lao nodded and started running once again!
And behind them, there were a dozen or so cultivators wearing the same clothing, chasing towards them!
“Stop, who are you people?”
At this time, Bai Shao suddenly appeared and stopped Old Miao and the others!
Several people saw that there was suddenly someone in front of them blocking the way, one by one, they all stopped, and when they saw that Bai Shao was emanating the seventh grade of the Transition Realm’s cultivation, everyone’s face became very ugly!
After all, the highest strength of them was only Miao Lao, the strength of the sixth rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, and now they were still in an injured body, and the few of them joined hands, and they were afraid that they wouldn’t be able to defeat the person in front of them!
“This fellow Daoist, I don’t know why, you’re blocking us ah?”
Cai Hongwei stepped forward and asked Bai Shallow very politely!
Bai Shao swept a glance at the few people and realised that they were covered in wounds and were not very strong and were not a threat, so she also relaxed her guard!
“The front is my territory, you are not allowed to go forward anymore.”
Bai Shao said coldly!
“Fellow Daoist, we are being chased and need to run for our lives, no matter what’s in front of us, we definitely won’t have half a thought about it, and it’s even more unlikely that we’ll follow you and grab it.”
Cai Hongwei said in a lowly manner!
“No, get out of here right now, or don’t blame me for being impolite to you!”
Bai Shao didn’t buy it at all!
This time, Cai Hongwei was a bit embarrassed!
“How can you be so overbearing, we ……”
When Ji Yun saw Bai Shao being so overbearing, he became a little angry!
But before the words were finished, Bai Shallow waved her hand and directly sent Ji Yun flying!
However, Bai Shao didn’t want to kill anyone, so Ji Yun’s life wasn’t in danger!
It was with this strike from Bai Shallow that Fire Phoenix’s eyes immediately startled “Fox Royal Daughter?”
The fire phoenix called out to Bai Shao, while Bai Shao looked at the fire phoenix with a puzzled expression and a slight frown on her brow, “Who are you? How do you know me?”
“I’m Fire Phoenix, Fire Phoenix ……”
The fire phoenix said, its body instantly rose up in flames, and a phoenix cry resounded through the void!
When Bai Shao saw this, her face was full of surprise, and she said incredulously “Fire Phoenix? How did you …… you become like this?”
“Hey, it’s a long story, I really didn’t think that after so many years of not seeing you, your strength has improved so fast, I remember many years ago, among the three emperors and four kings, your strength was the lowest.”
Fire Phoenix sighed and said!
“This is also thanks to your help, back then, if it wasn’t for you defending me and gifting me a lot of resources, perhaps I would still be struggling and suffering humiliation.”
Bai Shao recalled the past and also had a grave expression on her face!
Hearing Bai Shao say this, the fire phoenix looked even more despondent and said “Back then, you three emperors and four kings were nothing in front of me, but now you can all kill me in seconds.”
The crowd all breathed a sigh of relief when they saw that Fire Phoenix followed the other party’s acquaintance!
Otherwise a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, they wouldn’t have been able to rush past, not to mention the fact that there was someone chasing after them!
“Let’s see where you guys are going to run to, why don’t you obediently bind your hands?”
At this time, the dozen or so people chasing behind them had already arrived in front of them!
One of them, a big man with a bald head and a tattoo on his left arm said with a cold snort!
Seeing these people chasing after them, Elder Miao and the others all turned very ugly!
Fire Phoenix also frowned with a grave expression!
“What’s going on here?” Bai Shao asked!
“These are the guys from the Jade Pope Sect, our group searched for an Immortal Mine, but we didn’t expect to be targeted by these guys from the Jade Pope Sect.”
“In the end, they were outnumbered, plus they were strong, not only did they kill several people, they also chased us here.”
Fire Phoenix said!