Elder Zong led these people from the Soulless Hall into the cave of the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast!
After seeing the large and small Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts, the people from the Soulless Hall showed great excitement!
“So this is the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, it looks stupid, are they really that sensitive to scent?”
The woman in black immediately came up after seeing the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts!
“Fellow Daoist, this is a Spirit Rhinoceros Beast that has just given birth, don’t approach ah ……”
Elder Zong rushed out to stop the woman in black from approaching!
However, the woman in black directly rushed up and directly grabbed the little spirit rhinoceros beast!
“Stop, what are you doing?”
The Zong Elder was shocked and rushed to go up and stop it!
But the man in black had a cold flash in his eyes “This Spirit Rhinoceros Beast is ours, if you dare to block it, you’ll have to die!”
With that, the man slapped his palm towards Elder Zong!
Elder Zong was shocked, he really didn’t think that these guys from the Soulless Hall would dare to openly snatch the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast in their Spirit Beast Valley!
Elder Zong panicked and retreated, while the woman in black had already grabbed the little Spirit Rhinoceros Beast!
“Big brother, withdraw ……”
After the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast was won, the woman in black shouted!
These people from the Soulless Hall began to rush out of the cave!
“Stop them, stop them …………”
Elder Zong roared!
Hearing Elder Zong’s roar, many cultivators from the Spirit Beast Valley stepped out to stop them!
Only these Soulless Hall’s demonic cultivators were obviously quite a bit higher in strength, so many of the Spirit Beast Valley’s cultivators were knocked to the ground one after another!
Seeing that these Demon Cultivators of the Soulless Hall were about to rush out of the Spirit Beast Valley, suddenly three figures appeared, and one of them swung out a fist!
With this punch, a deafening sound was emitted, and countless fist shadows directly blocked the way!
When the man in black saw this, he then stepped forward and slammed his fist towards that fist shadow!
Rumble …………
With a sound that resounded through the heavens and earth, terrifying spiritual energy instantly surged wildly in all directions.
The black-clothed man’s figure gave a slight lurch, then took three steps backward!
Seeing this, the woman in black followed suit and stopped instantly!
“Put down the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and I can let you go!”
Chen Ping said as he coldly looked at the few people from the Soulless Hall!
These few people from the Soulless Hall did not know Chen Ping, and when they saw that Chen Ping was only at the first rank of the Transitional Realm, they all thought that they had misread him!
Especially that black clothed man, his face was very gloomy, how to say that he was a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, and he was considered a leader in the Soulless Hall!
Now that he was actually knocked back three steps by a Transition Realm 1st Grade cultivator with a sudden strike, it was too humiliating!
“Get the hell out of my way, or die ……”
The man in black coldly gritted his teeth and said!
“What a big mouth ah ……”
Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix slowly stepped forward!
Bai Shao’s aura of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm was revealed on her body, and her terrifying aura continuously pressed towards the few people from the Soulless Hall!
And at this moment, Elder Zong also brought his people to catch up and surrounded these people from the Soulless Hall!
Seeing that Bai Shao turned out to be a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, the faces of these people from the Soulless Hall became increasingly ugly!
“You guys are so bold, we are the people of the Soulless Hall, if you dare to touch us, then you will have to suffer the decapitation of the Soulless Hall.”
“If you guys don’t want Spirit Beast Valley to turn into a purgatory, then get out of my way right now!”
The man in black burst out of his house and roared!
He had thought that bursting out the Soulless Hall would be able to deter the crowd!
However, he found that after saying it, it followed as if he hadn’t said it, and not a single person gave way!
“Soulless Hall?”
When Chen Ping heard this name, he instantly remembered that Elder Fei, then he coldly smiled and said “A dog of the Demon Sealing Alliance has also started barking, do you really think that your Soulless Hall is very powerful?”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, the black clothed man’s heart jumped violently!
Everyone else in the Soulless Hall was also instantly startled!