“I didn’t expect this Qin Xiaolin to be so fierce in nature ……”
After Xu Changsheng finished speaking, he only saw his hands waving, and a barrier visible to the naked eye directly enveloped Chen Ping and that Qin Xiaolin.
In this way, even if Qin Xiaolin blew himself up, it would not affect the other people in the stadium, otherwise the self-blast of a Martial Sect would have left corpses all over the scene.
But this way, Chen Ping could not even escape if he wanted to, he could only carry the energy from Qin Xiaolin’s self-detonation.
Qin Xiaolin’s body began to expand rapidly, and his body was bulging along with it, as if he had been blown into the air.
Only Qin Xiaolin’s powerful qi was not released externally, but kept gathering within his body, and in the blink of an eye Qin Xiaolin’s body had expanded to an extremely bizarre appearance.
Qin Xiaolin’s eyes were filled with resentment and anger as he looked at Chen Ping, only that he could not speak now and could only express his emotions with his eyes.
When Chen Ping looked at Qin Xiaolin’s hideous appearance, there was surprisingly not a trace of fear in his heart, but rather a trace of joy.
“This chubby look of yours now is really cute ……”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, followed by a burst of white mist rising from his body, soon the mist on Chen Ping’s body intertwined with the red mist on Qin Xiaolin’s body.
The mist wrapped the two people, so that no one else could see the two people at all.
Qin Xiaolin was amazed, he did not understand why Chen Ping was not afraid, this was a Martial Sect’s self-detonation, no one had heard of a Martial Sect self-detonating in nearly a hundred years, and he, Qin Xiaolin, was the first Martial Sect to be forced by Chen Ping to self-detonate.
Originally, Qin Xiaolin thought he could see Chen Ping’s panic before he died, but unfortunately he was wrong.
But just as Qin Xiaolin was amazed, something even more incredible happened to him, he just felt the Qi energy in his body was rapidly draining outwards.
If he knew that he needed to gather his qi to explode his dantian and then burst it, there was no way to explode himself if his qi leaked out.
When he saw that his dantian was at its limit and was about to burst, Qin Xiaolin suddenly felt that his qi was draining outwards uncontrollably.
When Qin Xiaolin fixed his eyes on it, a scene that he would never forget happened, he saw Chen Ping in front of him, with a slight smile on his face and his mouth slightly open, the rising red mist from his body was actually all sucked into Chen Ping’s body.
Qin Xiaolin was dumbfounded, he couldn’t understand what kind of gongfu Chen Ping was practising, how could he possibly suck other people’s qi into his body?
When Qin Xiaolin tried to stop the Qi from leaking out, he found that he could not stop it at all and could only watch as the Qi in his Dantian leaked out.
At this moment, Qin Xiaolin did not even have the chance to explode himself, and his originally bulging body was rapidly shrinking at a speed visible to the naked eye, leaving only a skeleton at the end.
To his death, Qin Xiaolin never understood what strength Chen Ping was.
Time pa*sed, but Qin Xiaolin’s self-destruction was slow in coming, and no one understood what had happened.
When the white mist cleared, the figures of Chen Ping and Qin Xiaolin appeared, except that Chen Ping was standing, while Qin Xiaolin was lying on the ground as thin as a bone, his eyes wide open and not breathing.
Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned, and Xu Changsheng even waved his hand, ripping off the barrier and hurriedly stepping forward.
Many people also followed and gathered around, wanting to see if Qin Xiaolin was really dead.
“Qin Xiaolin ………… is dead ……”
When someone verified it, the scene was silent, they could not imagine how Qin Xiaolin, who had intended to explode himself, had stopped at the last moment.