“Mr. Chen ……”
Zhao Liguo held his sword and stepped forward to block the puppet corpse.
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed after looking at the puppet corpse that had been stabbed by himself but nothing had happened.
“This is too perverted ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes stared, followed by his body rising up in the air.
In a matter of an instant, Chen Ping reappeared in front of that puppet corpse.
“Swish ……”
Chen Ping raised his Zenglong Sword and slashed down angrily, this sword was tremendously powerful.
Terrifying sword Qi poured out from the Chopping Dragon Sword.
One of the arms of that puppet corpse was instantly cut off by Chen Ping and flew straight out.
However, at that severed point, not a single trace of blood flowed out.
Even with one arm left, the puppet corpse still did not blink as it charged towards Chen Ping.
A stream of energy came towards Chen Ping, and Chen Ping cursed as his body quickly retreated!
Boom boom boom …………
An explosion rang out, and several deep craters were instantly blown out in front of Chen Ping!
“Blah blah blah …………”
Chen Ping spat out the mud in his mouth and looked at the puppet corpse, “This is too perverted ……”
But not even waiting for Chen Ping to catch his breath, the puppet corpse once again rushed towards Chen Ping.
There were two other puppet corpses heading towards Chen Ping.
Their target was only Chen Ping alone, so even though the Four Evil Men helped to block Chen Ping, these puppet corpses rushed towards Chen Ping as soon as they had the chance.
Looking at the puppet corpses rushing towards him, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and his eyes were filled with anger.
He waved the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, followed by a push forward with his left palm.
A terrifying spiritual force directly pushed the flames on the Dragon Chopper Sword forward by more than ten metres!
The blazing flames burned up rapidly under the effect of the spiritual power.
Those puppet corpses were instantly set ablaze on their bodies.
A burst of roasting smell came out, accompanied by crackling and popping sounds!
Seeing this, Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief, although these puppet corpses could not be cut to death, they could always be burnt to death, right?
But just as Chen Ping was breathing a sigh of relief, he saw two puppet corpses burning with flames, lunging towards Chen Ping.
Even though their entire bodies were burning, these puppet corpses didn’t even flinch or panic in the slightest!
“D*mn it ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body retreated violently, but the two puppet corpses were in hot pursuit!
“Mr. Chen, cut off the heads of the puppet corpses, they won’t be able to control them ……”
Ding Da shouted at Chen Ping.
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping held his Chopping Dragon Sword, steadied himself, and chopped down on the head of a puppet corpse.
Although his own body also suffered a punch, Chen Ping was not injured as he had his Unbreakable Golden Body in place.
The puppet corpse’s head was chopped off and its body instantly fell to the ground motionless.
It seemed that the other party used spiritual power to control these puppet corpses, and still needed the heads of these corpses to do so.
If it was a headless corpse, there would be no way to control it.
Knowing the way to break the puppet corpses, Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopper Sword and began to swing out continuously.
It took less than an hour for all seven puppet corpses to have their heads cut off by Chen Ping.
Just after the seven puppet corpses had their heads cut off, inside a dark, damp and dense cave, there was a cloaked guy with eyes like copper bells, and around this guy lay a dozen corpses.
This guy was the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign that Ding had spoken of, who had been in hiding for many years and had been practising his corpse refining art.
“What’s with this Zhu Zhi Shan? Letting seven of my puppet corpses die so quickly ……”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s face was filled with heartache as he said.
However, it was only a moment before the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s face returned to a grim expression and with a flick of his hands, a black mist filled from his palm and a corpse lying on the ground, surprisingly, began to move.