The many cultivators on the blimp at the moment, sensing the cultivation of this group of people, had long been terrified!
The ten million people from Guanghan Palace were mostly young cultivators, in order to catch a glimpse of the Guanghan Palace disciples, and in addition to that, in order to be able to find a Taoist couple!
Most of these young cultivators were not very strong, and most of them were in the second or third grade of the Ferrying Realm!
Now that they encountered such a powerful cultivator blocking their way all of a sudden, of course these young cultivators were scared!
“Fellow Daoist, since you dared to stop our Wantong Pavilion blimp, you must know the strength of my Wantong Pavilion, do you think you can ignore our Wantong Pavilion?”
Elder Sun suppressed the anger in his heart and followed the other party!
If you can not make a move, it is best not to make a move, after all, these people are always moving in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, if they really have a deadly enmity, if the other party often attacks, it will also bring a lot of unnecessary trouble to the Wantong Pavilion!
“Elder Sun, I didn’t say that I’m ignoring your Wantong Pavilion ah, but today I only want to ask for one person from Elder Sun, you only need to hand this person over, I can let you guys leave, and I won’t snatch the slightest bit of your resources either.”
The one-eyed cultivator said coldly!
“What person?”Elder Sun froze, he didn’t expect that these guys weren’t stopping the road to rob money, but to rob someone!
“A guy called Chen Ping, hand him over!”
The one-eyed cultivator said!
“Mr Chen?”
Elder Sun frowned, “Does Mr Chen have any grievances with you, why are you looking for him?”
When the one-eyed cultivator heard this, he laughed out loud, “Elder Sun, are you pretending to be confused or do you really not know ah, that Chen Ping is the one that the Demon Sealing Alliance has placed an order of execution with a hundred years of offerings, as long as I kill that Chen Ping, I will be able to go to the Demon Sealing Alliance to collect my reward.”
“I don’t think it’s possible that you don’t know, surely you want to monopolise the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings?”
The one-eyed cultivator’s words caused Elder Sun to freeze, he truly did not know about this matter!
At this moment, Chen Ping, who was in the luxurious private room, also heard the words of this one-eyed cultivator, his heart tightened, he did not expect that the news that he had boarded the blimp and was travelling to the Guanghan Palace, was also known!
At the same time there was a commotion on the airship, many cultivators were also very shocked when they heard the words of the one-eyed cultivator!
Many of them also knew about the execution order from the Demon Sealing Alliance, but they didn’t know Chen Ping, so they didn’t know about Chen Ping even if he had boarded the blimp!
But now that the one-eyed cultivator said that Chen Ping was on top of this blimp, these cultivators instantly exploded!
“Who is Chen Ping, which one is Chen Ping?”
A cultivator of the fifth rank of the Transition Realm, who was considered to be of high strength amongst these many young cultivators, got up and swept a glance to ask loudly!
However, no one dared to speak, after all, none of these people were Chen Ping either!
“This Chen Ping is worth a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, surely he won’t be sitting with me, most likely that deluxe first class cabin is.”
Someone .. said aloud!
“Yes, I saw Elder Sun personally lead him to the first class cabin, that must be the guy called Chen Ping.”
Another person said!
Once that Fifth Grade of the Transition Realm cultivator heard that, he rushed towards the first class cabin without hesitation!
Now that Elder Sun had brought everyone outside the airship, and there was no one managing the airship, this Fifth Grade of the Transitional Deluge Realm cultivator quickly reached the first class cabin, and was about to kick open the door of the room, when he realised that the door of the room had opened by itself!
Chen Ping walked out from the first class room and then coldly looked at the Fifth Grade of the Transitional Deluge Realm cultivator!
This guy was excited inwardly when he saw that Chen Ping was only at the third rank of the Transitional Deluge Realm!
If he made a move to kill Chen Ping now, the Sealing Demon Alliance’s hundred-year offering would be his own!
“Your name is Chen Ping?”
The cultivator asked at Chen Ping!
“Right!”Chen Ping nodded!
Upon hearing that, this Fifth Grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition Realm was overjoyed and was about to make a move on Chen Ping when he heard someone say, “This guy must be a fake, with a Third Grade cultivation of the Transitional Apparition Realm, how could the Demon Sealing Alliance possibly hunt him down with a Hundred Years of Offerings!”
“Send a few people at random, and this guy will be decapitated, still using a hundred years of offerings to place a kill order for a reward?”