Seeing this, Chen Ping held his breath and waited quietly!
At this moment, above the sky outside the great hall, it was already cloudy and thunderous!
Zou Qi and the others who were guarding the outside, looked at the sky in surprise!
“This aura is terrifying, could it be that the Divine Demon Battlefield is closing?”
A Heavenly Underworld Gang member asked in panic!
Zou Qi, on the other hand, shook his head “It should be that the gang master is going to make a breakthrough, and what is in the sky is a thunderbolt cloud ……”
“Breakthrough?” Several Heavenly Underworld Gang members were astonished!
To know that Qi Peijia was so young, he had reached the eighth grade of the Transitional Apparition realm cultivator!
If this were to break through, it would be the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, would it be too outrageous?
“Vice Master, if you’re in the breakthrough, Master can be the 9th rank of the Transition Realm… Isn’t such a young 9th rank of the Transition Realm Grand Cultivator too perverted?”
“That’s impossible, right? How can cultivation be that easy?”
The few members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang were somewhat less than convinced!
“Ninth Grade?” Zou Qi looked at the sky gruffly “Maybe it’s not the ninth grade, but a direct promotion to the Mahayana realm, this kind of terrifying thunderbolt cloud, this is the first time I’ve seen it!”
Thunder tumbled in the sky, flashing with light, the dull rumbling sound, as if it was the hissing of a fierce beast!
Even the Fire Phoenix halfway up the mountainside and the rest of them could clearly hear and even see that thunderous apocalypse cloud in the sky!
At this moment, Chen Ping also felt that oppressive feeling, a feeling of oppression that could be even stronger than when he had made his breakthrough!
Looking outside at the thunder tribulation cloud pressing down on him, a thunder tribulation emitting a loud sound, Chen Ping felt incredulous!
“Could it be that when a spirit beast comes out of its shell, it still has to undergo a thunderbolt?”
Chen Ping was very puzzled!
Spirit Beasts, in any case, were only Beast Race, only animals, where did they suffer from thunder tribulation as soon as they were born?
If that was the case, the beast race would have long since become extinct, having just hatched out of the egg, how could it possibly withstand a thunder tribulation!
“No, must not let this spirit beast die inside the egg, wasted so many of my resources, even if it is a dog, it must crawl out of the egg for me ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Unbreakable Golden Body covered his entire body as he decided to help this spirit beast egg block the lightning tribulation!
Rumbling …………
A thick ring fell steeply, and the entire roof of the hall became directly shattered!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, let out a furious cry and blasted down with his fist, blocking this thunder strike!
“This isn’t right ah? Why is this thunder tribulation so powerful?”
After Chen Ping shattered the thunder tribulation with his fist, he felt that something was not right, the power of this thunder tribulation was even more powerful than when he had broken through the Transition Realm!
Just what kind of spirit beast could attract such a powerful thunder tribulation as soon as it hatched from the egg?
Rumbling …………
Without waiting for Chen Ping to catch his breath, the second thunder tribulation rumbled down!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and once again blasted towards that thunder tribulation.
The thunder tribulation was blocked by Chen Ping time and time again, and the cracks on the spirit beast egg became more and more numerous, and it looked like it was about to break out of its shell!
Chen Ping’s heart was shocked and happy, he was really afraid that a little monster would come out from inside this egg shell!
That would be a waste of so much of his effort!
Rumbling …………
Just as Chen Ping was staring closely at the spirit beast egg, a thunderbolt suddenly blasted down!
“Damn, is there still an end to it? This is the eighth thunderbolt ……”
Chen Ping was very speechless, when he broke through, there were at most nine thunder tribulations!
But this Spirit Beast Egg hadn’t even hatched out yet, and it was already the eighth Thunder Tribulation!
And this eighth thunder tribulation was clearly more powerful.
“Family master, look at the top of the mountain, this is the Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation ……”
The Grand Elder halfway up the mountainside stared blankly at that eighth thunder tribulation, and said to Sheng Boshi with a face full of shock!
Sheng Boshi was also shocked at the moment “Who is it? Who on earth is breaking through? Why is there a Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation?”
“This is a thunder tribulation that can only be encountered when advancing to the Mahayana realm, could it be that someone has broken through to the Mahayana realm?”