There were five people in the group, and now four of them were feeling sick, only Chen Ping had no problems at all!
“How come I don’t feel anything at all?”
Chen Ping had differences, could it be related to his physique?
“There is indeed a problem with this mist, if you take out that elixir on your body, you will probably be able to feel the problem with this mist!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
Once Chen Ping heard that, he then took out that pill and handed it to Liu Ruyan!
“Chen Ping, what kind of elixir is this, it’s so peculiar ……”
Liu Ruyan looked at the elixir and asked with great curiosity!
“I don’t know, it was picked up!”Chen Ping finished, while slowly feeling the surrounding mist!
Chen Ping found that there was indeed something wrong with this mist, capable of slowly eroding the human body!
When a problem was detected, it was when the body suffered from too many toxins!
“Quickly look, why is there a black mist coming out of my body!”
At this time, Ruyan Liu suddenly shouted!
Only to see Ruyan Liu holding that unknown elixir, from her own palm, a trace of black mist slowly emerged, then it was absorbed by that elixir, then purified and became white mist!
It was only then that Chen Ping realised that it was really this elixir, this elixir was able to purify the toxins in the mist!
Although the toxins in this mist were not very heavy, but if one stayed for a long time, they would still feel it!
“Ruyan, give that elixir to Nie Heng ……”
Chen Ping said!
Nie Heng received the elixir, and the toxins within his body began to be rapidly absorbed!
The siblings, Nie Lei and Nie Hong, also followed suit and used the elixir to absorb the toxins within their bodies!
After clearing the toxins, the crowd was much more relaxed and then continued to start moving forward!
Although they knew that there were toxins in the mist, with that elixir in place, they weren’t afraid!
However, after walking for some time, Chen Ping steeply stood still!
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”Nie Heng asked!
“Someone is coming, you few should go first ……”
Chen Ping sensed that someone was approaching towards them!
“How can that be, not to mention the fact that no one knows where we are, and that this place is all mist with toxins, who could be coming straight towards us?”
Ruyan Liu’s brows furrowed, she was very puzzled as to how someone was always able to accurately find their location!
“These people are very strong, you guys better go first, I will find you afterwards!”
Chen Ping followed suit with a slight frown!
This was because he sensed that the other party was very strong, there were even Mahayana realm experts, and the target was very obvious, it was heading straight for them!
If it was just Chen Ping himself, Chen Ping would still be able to manoeuvre, but with Ruyan Liu and the others here, Chen Ping would still have to divide his energy to protect them, and that would be troublesome!
“Alright, pay more attention to yourself!”Ruyan Liu also knew her own strength, following Chen Ping around would only drag him down, it would be better to leave early!
“I know, you take this pill, otherwise it will be hard for you guys to get out of here!”
Chen Ping gave the elixir to Liu Ruyan!
“What are you going to do?”Ruyan Liu asked with concern!
“Don’t worry, this bit of toxin, for me, it simply can’t cause any harm.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Indeed, Chen Ping’s strong body, the damage caused by the toxin was much lighter than others!
If it was a normal toxin, Chen Ping would have already reached the point where he was invulnerable to all poisons!
Only this toxin was obviously left behind by that Pill God and was not an ordinary toxin, which was why Chen Ping was not able to completely resist it!
Ruyan Liu received the elixir and then quickly led Nie Heng and the others away!
Not long after Ruyan Liu and the others had just left, Chen Ping saw a line of people meet out from the mist next to him!
There were more than a dozen of these people, and most of their cultivation levels were at the seventh or eighth level of the Transition Realm!