Chen Ping nodded and turned around, his gaze icy cold as he looked at Luo Ta, his voice slightly teasing, “Silly big man, I didn’t expect us to meet again, do you want to die once again?”
When he heard Chen Ping say die once, Luo Ta’s body just trembled, remembering the horrible appearance of Mr Shi!
However, this was Beast City, even if Chen Ping had a backer in the Celestial Realm, it was impossible for him to appear here!
Thinking of this, Luo Ta sneered and said, “Kid, let me run into you today, count yourself unlucky, you took something from me, I will make you spit it out twice as much!”
“Do you have that ability? Things that have all died once, and still dare to speak loudly.”Chen Ping laughed!
The dialogue between Chen Ping and Luo Ta directly confused Ding Daorong and Qiu Wanha, they did not expect Chen Ping and Luo Ta to know each other!
“Brother Luo, you know this kid?”Qiu Wanha asked suspiciously!
“Of course I know him, it was this kid who robbed my Immortal Spirit Stones.”
Luo Ta said!
“What?”Qiu Wanha was shocked, “Could he be a cultivator from the outside world of Beast City?”
Ding Daorong also looked towards Chen Ping, his face full of incredulity!
“That’s right, I came from the region outside of Beast City, I was able to find this place thanks to this stupid big man’s map, otherwise I wouldn’t have been able to find this place with the map in his storage bag!”
“If I can’t find this place, I won’t be able to find the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, and if I can’t find the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, I won’t be able to advance to the second rank of the Mahayana Realm!”
“In that case, I still have to thank this silly big man!”
Chen Ping said with a playful face!
Luo Ta laughed angrily as he listened to Chen Ping’s sarcasm, “Hahahaha! You don’t know how to die, you’re just a small cultivator of the first rank of the Mahayana realm, how dare you blabber in front of me.”
“Today, I will definitely break you into pieces to vent my heart’s hatred!”
After saying that, Luo Ta no longer hesitated and exerted his full strength, the black spiritual energy mass in his hand instantly expanded several times and slammed towards Chen Ping.
Wherever the black spiritual energy mass passed, the air seemed to be torn apart, emitting ear-piercing sounds.
Chen Ping looked at the charging Luo Ta without the slightest fear in his eyes.
He took a deep breath, and the spiritual energy within his body was like a raging sea wave as it operated wildly.
A powerful lightning origin erupted from within his body, condensing into a huge thunder dragon in front of him.
“Go!”
Chen Ping shouted, and the thunder dragon roared as it rushed towards the black spiritual energy mass.
“Boom!”
The two collided together, instantly triggering a heaven-defying explosion.
Powerful energy fluctuations were like a raging tsunami, spreading wildly in all directions.
The crowd retreated backwards to avoid this powerful force.
Criminal Dao Rong’s men were even lifted to the ground by this force, and many of them were grievously injured.
Even Qiu Wanha was shocked by this force and retreated back and forth, his face as pale as paper.
When the smoke and dust cleared, the crowd saw that Luo Ta was looking at Chen Ping with a shocked expression.
At this moment, Luo Ta’s clothes had become tattered and torn, his hair was messy, and a trace of blood was hanging from the corner of his mouth.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was standing steadily in place, his breath steady, as if the great battle just now had not had any effect on him.
“How is this …… this possible!”
Luo Ta said incredulously, how could he not have imagined that after not seeing him for just a few days, Chen Ping’s strength had actually seen such a terrifying increase.
It was only the second rank of the Mahayana realm, how did he defeat himself, the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm?
It was also too unscientific ……
Qiu Wanha looked at this scene, and after associating it with the terrifying thunderbolt just now, his entire head grew large!
What kind of pervert is this?
The promotion of a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm to Second Grade of the Mahayana Realm was just a small realm increase!
How could it still trigger such a terrifying thunderbolt?