“Hahaha ………… get rich, get rich ………… ”
Divine Doctor Liu suddenly laughed out loud!
Even those four Transition Realm cultivators followed suit and laughed, their faces full of excitement!
A hundred-year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, that was a heavenly resource that one wouldn’t even dare to think about!
“A hundred year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, how did such a good thing fall on our heads?”
The bearded cultivator looked at Chen Ping as if a cat had seen a mouse!
“Divine Doctor Liu, what do you mean by this?”
Patriarch Jiang frowned slightly before looking at Divine Doctor Liu and asking!
“Patriarch Jiang, it’s come to this, I’m not going to hide anything from you, you said that letting go of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, are you stupid?”
“No wonder none of your Soul Demon Sect is strong, with your dead brain, your Soul Demon Sect won’t be able to develop for the rest of your life.”
Divine Doctor Liu scoffed at Patriarch Jiang!
“What Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred-year offering? What are you talking about, why can’t I understand?”
Patriarch Jiang’s heart violently tightened, but on the surface, he pretended to be unaware of it!
“Hahaha, don’t put on airs, isn’t the guy trapped in the formation right now Chen Ping, who was given an order of execution by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings?”
“Now that we’ve captured him, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Year Offering is ours!”
Divine Doctor Liu said with a big smile!
“You’ve got it wrong, that Chen Ping was heard to be only in his early twenties, but this Mr Cheng clearly doesn’t match his age!”
Patriarch Jiang hurriedly explained, he hoped to fool Divine Doctor Liu and the others!
“Looks can be changed at will, do you think my name of Divine Doctor is a fake? We’re only arresting that Chen Ping right now, so it’s better for you to take your disciples and leave quickly, I won’t make things difficult for you.”
“But if you want to stand up for that Chen Ping, then don’t blame us for being impolite, with just the few of you, you are no match for us.”
Divine Doctor Liu threatened at Patriarch Jiang!
Patriarch Jiang frowned and glanced at Chen Ping, he wanted to save Chen Ping, but their strength did not allow it!
But just leaving Chen Ping behind and walking away, Patriarch Jiang couldn’t get over it in his heart!
This time, Patriarch Jiang was in a dilemma!
“Master, we’d better go, even if we stay, we are not capable of saving Chen at all.”
Zheng Jian stepped forward and persuaded Patriarch Jiang!
Patriarch Jiang glanced at Jian Zheng, still not saying a word!
“Patriarch Jiang, you’d better leave with them and leave me alone, I’ll catch up with you later!”
Seeing this, Chen Ping also persuaded Patriarch Jiang to leave with Jiang Yulian and the others!
Even if they stayed, they wouldn’t be able to help much, and in the end, they might even distract Chen Ping from his protection!
“Mr Chen, you saved this life of mine, how can I watch you die and not do anything about it ……”
Patriarch Jiang frowned and said!
“Patriarch Jiang, I can’t die, if I died that easily, how could the Demon Sealing Alliance use a hundred years of offerings to place an execution order.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, no panic could be seen on his face!
“Patriarch Jiang, let’s listen to Chen and go first ……”
Ochre Yan also spoke!
Ochre Yan had followed Chen Ping for such a long time, he knew Chen Ping’s ability, if they stayed, they might even add to Chen Ping’s burden!
Seeing that Ochre Yan had said this, Patriarch Jiang felt that Chen Ping should be fine, so he nodded his head!
After giving Divine Doctor Liu a vicious look, Patriarch Jiang led Jiang Yulian and the others to continue walking forward!
Ochre Yan also followed closely behind, but that Divine Doctor Liu several people did not stop Ochre Yan!
This caused Zheng Jian to faintly stare at Divine Doctor Liu in disbelief, desperately winking at him!
And that Divine Doctor Liu acted as if he didn’t see it and ignored Zheng Jian!
Zheng Jian’s lungs were about to explode with anger, but he didn’t dare to show it at this time!