Just a moment ago, Chen Ping finally managed to break through that layer of obstruction, and his realm smoothly broke through to the second rank of the Mahayana Realm.
As the spiritual energy surged within Chen Ping’s body, it was as if the heavens and earth responded to some ancient rhythm, and an unprecedented thunderbolt descended with a bang.
In the depths of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, light and thunder intertwined, forming a shocking picture.
The dark clouds pressed down, no longer a simple ink-coloured tumble, but transformed into a deep vortex, as if connecting to the power of chaos beyond the Nine Heavens.
Lightning was no longer an occasional weaving silver snake, but was transformed into an unending web of thunder, each as thick as a giant pillar, carrying a heaven-destroying power that cut the entire sky to pieces.
The sound of thunder was no longer simply deafening, but had transformed into a roar capable of shaking the soul, each sound was like the sigh of the heavens and the earth, causing the heart to be in awe.
“What kind of person would have such a sight during a tribulation?”
Luo Ta looked at the sky, his eyes were also filled with shock, he even forgot to strike at Xing Daorong!
As for Xing Daorong, he was also looking at the sky with a puzzled look on his face, he couldn’t understand, who on earth was this raising their realm again?
The terrifying thunder tribulation a few days ago, it was Chen Ping who had triggered it and broken through to the Mahayana realm.
But what about this time?
Could it also be Chen Ping?
Xing Daorong did not dare to imagine, it had only been a few days, could it be that Chen Ping could break through from the first rank of the Mahayana realm to the second rank of the Mahayana realm?
If it was true, that would be too outrageous!
In the eyes of the shocked crowd, the power of the Thunder Tribulation became more and more violent, the sky seemed to be torn apart as a purple divine thunderbolt descended from the sky, carrying an aura of destroying everything.
These thunderbolts were not just physical attacks, but also contained the test of the laws of heaven and earth, attempting to wear down the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s body, destroying his will and causing him to sink in this endless sea of thunder.
However, instead of being crushed by the thunder tribulation, Chen Ping used the power of this heaven and earth to continuously refine his flesh and soul.
It was as if the spiritual energy in his body had been stimulated with infinite potential, and each thunderbolt caused the spiritual energy in his body to become more condensed, his fleshly body to become tougher, and his soul to become purer.
Under this grandiose thunder tribulation, Chen Ping seemed to resonate with the heavens and earth.
Every flash of thunder reflected his unyielding will.
Every echo of thunder proclaimed his determination to advance to a higher realm.
Finally, after countless blasts, the thunderbolt gradually subsided, the dark clouds dispersed, and the sunlight sprinkled down on the earth again, Chen Ping stood proudly in the middle of the mine vein, exuding a faint golden light all over his body.
That was the unique divine aura after the breakthrough, signalling that he had successfully passed through the frightening thunder tribulation and stepped into a new realm of cultivation.
Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, an aura flashed in his eyes as he felt the surging power within his body, a confident smile appearing at the corner of his mouth.
Afterwards, his figure flashed as he swept towards the outside of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein.
When Chen Ping appeared in front of the crowd, a terrifying aura filled the entire heaven and earth.
“It’s you!”
The moment Luo Ta saw Chen Ping, his eyes stared almost bulging out, shock and anger written all over his face, “How did you brat appear here?”
Chen Ping was also a cultivator from outside of Beast City, and it was important to know that this handheld was not something that did not allow cultivators from outside of Beast City to enter.
Luo Ta was also able to enter and exit freely because of the spiritual treasure given by Qiu Wanha, but how did Chen Ping enter?
Chen Ping ignored Luo Ta’s anger and instead turned his head to look at Xing Daorong who had fallen to the ground and asked with concern, “General Xing, are you alright?”
Seeing Chen Ping, the light of hope rekindled in his originally bleak eyes as he said weakly, “Mr Chen, you came just in time …… This Qiu Wanha has colluded with others in a desperate attempt to seize the Immortal Spirit Stone vein ……”