“I want you to die, I want you to die ……”
The Knight King roared as endless aura flowed between heaven and earth, and a terrifying pressure filled the air!
Only to see the void behind the Knight King trembling, a huge figure slowly appeared, towering in the void, the chaotic aura within the void was constantly tumbling, forming a chaotic vision, it was impossible to see what exactly that figure was!
As soon as that chaotic vision appeared behind the Lich King, everyone felt a wave of oppression and their breathing became stagnant!
“Beast soul awakening?”
Seeing the vision behind the Knight King, Yihe couldn’t help but frown!
Along with Ichor’s words, the chaotic vision behind the Knight King began to become clear, and the gigantic figure could be seen clearly!
It was a mammoth of enormous size, with two long teeth that flashed with a cold aura!
“This Knight King turned out to be an elephant?” Chen Ping looked a little surprised at the sight!
“His original body is not an elephant, this elephant is just his awakened beast soul, which is the strongest awakening of the power of the physical body.”
“The power of the flesh, there is no greater than the power of an elephant, I didn’t think that this Knight King would have awakened his beast soul long ago, it seems that he is hiding very Avray.”
Yihe’s eyes were filled with envy!
Maybe other people do not know what is the beast soul awakening, but IH is incomparably clear, the beast soul awakening is every beast cultivator dreams of, after the beast soul awakening, that represents the strength to enter another stage!
Only the beast soul awakening of the beast race cultivator is very few, when the awakening of a certain beast soul, then you can get the power of the beast soul!
This Knight King had actually awakened the beast soul of a mammoth, so his physical strength, would increase exponentially!
It was no wonder that he had relied on the pure strength of his physical body to compete against Chen Ping in the beginning!
Yi He, who was originally confident in Chen Ping’s physical strength, was beginning to have a few concerns at this moment!
All of the Beast Race cultivators at the scene were all looking at King Li with envy and jealousy!
The vision behind King Li unfolded, the heavens and earth shook, boulders tumbled, and the winds and clouds changed colour as the breath stirred!
“Kid, this is the true power of the beast race ……”
The Knight King roared, looking down at Chen Ping, his face filled with killing intent, just like a huge killing god, frightening!
The mammoth beast spirit behind him, on the other hand, raised the sky and let out a piercing sound!
Chen Ping looked at the Knight King, the corner of his mouth slightly raised, and there was not the slightest bit of fear in his eyes.
If this Knight King had other means, Chen Ping might have valued it some more, but comparing him to his physical body, Chen Ping simply despised him!
One must know that Chen Ping’s physical body had been strengthened again when he absorbed those dragon qi under the small island of the Ink Sea!
Even if this Knight King had awakened his beast soul, there was nothing to be afraid of!
“A small mammoth, and you dare to say that this is true beast power, I can only say that you are a frog in the bottom of a well and have no insight.”
“Have you ever seen the power of a true beast race erupt? There are many more beast races that have more power than this mammoth!”
“You are truly considered ignorant and fearless as well ……”
Chen Ping’s body slowly rose and hovered in mid-air as he said in a cold voice!
“I am a frog at the bottom of a well? Today, I’m going to show you who exactly is the frog at the bottom of the well.”
After the Knight King finished speaking, he took a step above the void, and the void roared and trembled, as if the entire void was about to shatter!
With a large body, the Li King’s foot stomped towards Chen Ping!
At this moment, the Knight King’s foot was bigger than Chen Ping’s entire body, he wanted to trample Chen Ping under his feet so that he could avenge the kick he had just received from Chen Ping.
As the Knight King stomped down with this foot, Chen Ping revealed a cold smile and directly disappeared between the swaying of his body!
Boom!
King Li’s foot stepped on the ground and directly stepped on the earth, causing the ground to shake!