“Surprisingly, there’s a dao tattooed baleful aura, could it be that he’s also from your Yin Demon lineage?” King Li said incredulously!
“No, even though he possesses a Dao Tattoo Fatal Qi, he is not from our Yin Demon lineage, I can still tell that.”
Elder Qi shook his head!
“What did you say this person’s name was?” King Knight asked!
“It seems to be called Chen Ping!” Elder Qi said!
“Chen Ping?” King Li pondered for a moment “I did hear Xing’er mention it.”
“Did they leave any conditions when they captured Xing’er?”
“Yes, that Chen Ping said that if he wanted to release Gongzi, he would have to take the Divine King’s Bow in exchange.” Elder Qi said!
Hearing the words God King’s Bow, King Li’s body visibly shook, then he cautiously glanced towards the outside of the tent, and only relaxed a bit after realising that there was no one there!
The matter of him possessing the Divine King’s Bow was unknown to anyone, but he did not understand how this Chen Ping knew about it!
Seeing King Li’s appearance, Elder Qi was a bit surprised and said “King Li, could it be that the God King’s Bow is really in your hands?”
The Knight King did not speak, instead, his palm gently slashed in mid-air, a light flashed and a mahogany box appeared!
After the box was opened, the Divine King’s Bow was clearly placed inside!
King Li had always carried this Divine King Bow with him, and had also placed it within the void space, so as to prevent anyone from stealing it!
Seeing the Divine King’s Bow, Elder Qi’s eyes blossomed like light bulbs!
With a stretch of his hand, King Li took out the Divine King’s Bow!
“How strange, how did this fellow know that the Divine King’s Bow was in my hands?”
King Knight muttered!
“King Knight, could it be that someone close to you leaked the information?”
Elder Qi said!
“Impossible, no one knows that I have the Divine King’s Bow in my hands, even Xing’er doesn’t know.”
King Knight shook his head!
“King Knight, at the moment, we are not discussing how that Chen Ping knew about it, but we should be discussing how to get the Gongzi back ah.”
Elder Qi said!
“Trading the Divine King’s Bow for Xing’s son, I always feel that it’s a bit too much of a loss ……” King Li was aware of the value of the Divine King’s Bow, it was much more valuable than a son!
This son of Li Xing, apart from causing trouble and playing with women everywhere, could be of no use!
Seeing that King Li actually said this, Elder Qi was instantly somewhat speechless.
“King Li, I’ve heard that this Divine King’s Bow requires a great deal of strength to pull it, I wonder if King Li can pull this Divine King’s Bow?”
Elder Qi asked!
The Knight King shook his head and said “I’ve tried many times, it hasn’t moved at all, if I could pull it, I wouldn’t be hiding the Divine King’s Bow.”
“When the time comes, whoever is dishonest, just directly shoot him to death with the Divine King Bow.”
Elder Qi saw that King Li couldn’t pull the God King Bow at all, so he said “King Li, since the God King Bow can’t be pulled, then this thing is still a waste even if it’s good, so why don’t you use him to return Gongzi.”
“King Li you can’t even pull it, I believe there is no one in the Demon Emperor City who can pull the God King Bow, as long as we change back the Prince, and capture the Demon Emperor City, then that God King Bow will still be the same to King Li’s hand.”
King Li listened to Elder Qi’s words and nodded his head in recognition, “Elder Qi has a point, then tomorrow I will use the Divine King Bow to return Xing’er first before saying ……”
“As long as Xing’er is changed back, immediately launch an attack on Demon Emperor City, I want to kill all the people in Demon Emperor City ……”
There was a thick killing intent in the eyes of King Li, and Elder Qi on the side couldn’t help but feel his body tremble when he felt that killing intent!
He knew that this Knight King was ruthless, since he had said such words, he would definitely do it!
When the time comes to slaughter the city, Demon Emperor City will be a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood ah!
Looking at Elder Qi’s expression, the Knight King smiled faintly and said “Elder Qi, when the time comes for me to kill everyone in Demon Emperor City, won’t it be just enough to help you cultivate.”
“At that time there will be countless dead souls that you will refine, aren’t you still happy?”
“Happy, happy ……,” Elder Qi said as he squeezed out a small smile!