Although the man in the suit was not bad, it was just a pity that he was still a bit young and did not understand the viciousness of the world!
After eating the snow rat, the man in the suit continued to walk forward, with Qin Xiaoxian following behind him. Now that the two sides were allied, the man in the suit did not bother with the Qin family.
As far as he was concerned, apart from Qin Xiaoxian, who was a martial arts expert, the rest of the Qin family were merely grand masters and posed no threat to him at all.
On this journey, the man in the suit walked and stopped, with a slight frown every now and then, as if he was thinking about something.
“Second brother, what’s this guy doing? Why are you so suspicious? Align yourself with him and don’t try to cheat again, right? We haven’t gotten anything out of this journey!”
Qin Xiaotian looked at the man in the suit with that look and said with great dissatisfaction.
Qin Xiaoxian interrupted Qin Xiaotian with a wave of his hand, “What do you know, this time we might be able to have a big surprise ……”
Qin Xiaoxian knew that the man in the suit must be looking for the legendary dragon, if he could really find the dragon and take the dragon crystal, then this trip would be worthwhile.
Many people who went to the Dragon Lock Island only wanted to find some herbs and beast pills, few people had the idea of the dragon crystal, after all, it was only a legend, whether they could really come across the dragon or not, it was all luck.
While Qin Xiaoxian and Qin Xiaotian were talking, the man in the suit took out a compa*s-like object from his pocket, and then recited the words, and instantly punched in a fierce Qi on the compa*s.
The hand on the compa*s began to spin rapidly and finally came to a slow stop. The moment the compa*s hand stopped, a cloud of black gas flew out from inside the compa*s and then quickly disappeared in the direction where the hand had stopped.
When the man in the suit saw this, his face was happy and he instantly went after it.
Seeing this, Qin Xiaoxian hurriedly waved his hand: “Follow quickly …………”
………………
At this time, on the other side, Chen Ping led Su Yuqi and the girls, holding the map and constantly leaning towards the place where the ice dragon might exist.
Because of the presence of snow wolves, the three girls did not feel dull and boring, if they were tired they rode on the body of the snow wolves, and they did not encounter any beasts along the way, probably because they smelled the scent of the snow wolves and all avoided them from afar.
“Xiao Ru, are you cold? I’ll give you my clothes!”
“Xiao Ru, are you hungry? I’ve brought chocolate under me, it’s the best thing to replenish your strength, here ……”
Along the way, Zhao Barging cared for Xiao Ru in every way, which made Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er envious.
“Zhao Barging, I want to eat chocolate too, won’t you give us a share?”
Gu Ling’er asked jokingly.
On this journey, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er always teased Zhao Barging, and Zhao Barging also took the opportunity to befriend the two, after all, with Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er helping to talk, he had a better chance of catching up with Xiao Ru.
“What is sister Ling’er talking about, of course you guys have a share too ……”
Zhao Barging instructed his men to bring out the chocolates.
This guy knew that Locked Dragon Island was tough, so he had his men bring a lot of goodies, and he had sort of coaxed Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er into a high spirits on this journey.
I don’t know how long we walked again, but the cold air was getting more and more oppressive, many people couldn’t resist the cold and were shivering, if they knew that, they would have come in thick clothes.
Su Yuqi and the three girls, all hugging the snow wolf tightly, feeling the temperature of the snow wolf’s body fur was still better, Zhao Barging was a bit miserable, wrapped in several pieces of clothes of his men, but still freezing and shivering.
Soon, Chen Ping’s divine sense seemed to detect something, so he quickened his pace, and the others hurriedly ran too.
After running for a while, a deep pool of about two to three thousand square metres appeared in front of the group, its calm waters shining with a sparkling silver light under the sun.