“Exchanged, it’s just a thousand immortal coins, look how anxious you are. I’ve got plenty of immortal coins.”
Hu Mazi snatched the storage pouch from Chen Ping’s hand and then handed a thousand immortal coins to the big man.
Looking at the thousand immortal coins and then at Hu Mazi’s storage pouch, the big man’s face was full of shock.
At the same time, a glint of greed flashed in the big man’s eyes, though it vanished quickly.
“Alright, since the money’s paid, come with me to get the people.”
After speaking, the big man led Chen Ping and the others back to the stage area!
Opening the iron cage, the big man dragged the two women out.
“You can take them away, but remember to put a prisoner’s seal on them. Otherwise, as humans, they can’t move around in the city.”
“And these humans can only be kept as slaves. It’s fine to use them for release, but you absolutely cannot have children with them, as it would taint our beast clan’s bloodline.”
The big man instructed Chen Ping and his companions.
“None of your business. They’re mine now.”
Hu Mazi said, then eagerly led the two women away.
Seeing Hu Mazi’s impatient demeanour, Chen Ping could only give a helpless smile.
After Chen Ping and the others left, a man with blue-glowing eyes approached the big man.
“Big guy, did they really spend a thousand immortal coins?”
The blue-eyed man asked.
“Yes!” The big man nodded. “But they’ve got more than a thousand immortal coins on them. I reckon there’s at least ten thousand in that storage pouch.”
“Ten thousand?” The blue-eyed man exclaimed in shock. “Looks like we’re going to strike it rich.”
“The city’s been under tight security lately, so it’s not a good time to make a move. There are patrol teams of war soldiers on every street.”
“And I’ve heard that Feihu City has sent quite a few spies to assassinate the city lord. Making a move now wouldn’t be wise.”
Though the big man was tall, he wasn’t foolish.
“Opportunities don’t come twice. If we pull this off, we can leave Rhino City straight away. With that many immortal coins, we can live freely anywhere.”
The blue-eyed man persuaded the big man.
After a moment of hesitation, the big man nodded and said, “Alright, but we need to be quick.”
With that, the two figures vanished instantly!
Meanwhile, Chen Ping and his companions were unaware that, because Hu Mazi had shown off so many immortal coins, they had attracted trouble!
Hu Mazi took the two women to a secluded spot, his eyes gleaming with lust as he kept licking his lips!
Seeing Hu Mazi’s expression, the two women trembled in fear, their bodies shaking as they said, “Please don’t kill us, we beg you, don’t kill us!”
“As long as you don’t kill us, we’ll do anything, anything!”
The two women cried and knelt on the ground!
“You don’t need to be afraid. We won’t kill you.”
Chen Ping stepped forward to help the two women up and said, “We’re actually humans too, so there’s no need to fear!”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, the two women were visibly shocked, as they hadn’t sensed any human aura from Chen Ping or his companions.
“Where are you two from?”
Xiu Rui asked.
After all, judging by the two women, they were only at the Immortal Transformation Realm, so they must have been brought here by the Great Dao as well.
“We’re cultivators from the Wuxu Realm. We were transported to this place because of the Great Dao’s guidance.”
“We had no idea that the Heavenly Realm would be so cruel. As soon as we arrived, we were captured.”
The two women sobbed.
In their own world, they had been exceptional, likely queens who ruled with absolute power.
After all, those chosen by the Great Dao were undoubtedly highly talented.
But they couldn’t have imagined that, despite being so formidable in their own world, they would become prisoners in the Heavenly Realm. The sense of disparity was almost too much to bear.
Yet every cultivator yearned for the Heavenly Realm, with tales of its wonders, but no one ever mentioned its cruelty.