“Mom, that area of the old mansion is going to be developed, it will definitely be worth a lot of money in the future!”
It wasn’t that Chen Ping would actually look at that bit of money, he just didn’t want to cheap out on the Chen Baoqiang family!
“What? It’s going to be developed? Really?”
As soon as Tang Hongying heard that, she became interested, if it was really like that, when the time comes, after selling the old mansion, there would be a lot of money!
“It’s true, it’s all being planned now, I’ve seen the report at Mayor Ling’s house!”
Chen Ping said truthfully.
“Chen Ping, what do you mean? Is this to say that I’m trying to cheat your family’s place? You also met the report at Mayor Ling’s house, you are too able to brag, why don’t you say you also had dinner at Mayor Ling’s house?”
Chen Baoqiang yelled at Chen Ping with an angry face.
“I really have eaten at Mayor Ling’s house!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“Hahahaha …………”
When Chen Ping said so, all of them laughed out loud.
Li Lei, who had never said anything, also raised the corners of his mouth at this time, “I’ve seen many braggarts, but this is the first time I’ve seen one like you, do you know who I am? Do you know who I am? Talking about this in front of me? To tell you the truth, in a moment Mayor Ling will come here for dinner, and my father will also accompany him, didn’t you say you had dinner at Mayor Ling’s house? Then in a moment I’ll take you to a toast and see if Mayor Ling knows who you are?”
“Sure!” Chen Ping nodded without the slightest panic!
“Chen Ping!” Tang Hongying hurriedly pulled Chen Ping’s sleeve, other jokes could be made, but this joking after the first hand of the city, this is not looking for death!
Chen Baoguo’s face was also cold: “Chen Ping, sit down for me!”
Chen Baoguo also did not believe that Chen Ping had eaten at Ling Zhenchuan’s house, after all, Chen Ping was just an ordinary citizen who could go to the mayor’s house for dinner, it was simply a nightmare!
Chen Baoguo gave the word, so Chen Ping could only sit down!
All of a sudden, everyone looked at Chen Ping, each with a sneer on their face.
“Sister-in-law, Chen Ping is just talking nonsense, if there is a development there, can I not know about it, I think he just doesn’t want to find a proper job, doesn’t want to live a good life, that’s why he is saying this, just his status as a reformed prisoner, can he go to the mayor’s house for dinner?” Chen Baoqiang coldly glanced at Chen Ping and continued, “Sister-in-law, with a status like Chen Ping’s, do you know how much risk I’m taking if I want to give him half a civil servant? But don’t worry, I’ll find him a job, but I won’t want that old mansion for nothing, when the time comes I’ll give you 100,000 yuan, enough for you to live for a few years, rent a house for yourselves, and you don’t have to borrow someone’s home!”
Tang Hongying’s eyes lit up when she heard that Chen Baoqiang had even given her 100,000 yuan, knowing that the old mansion was deserted and useless, it was not bad to realize 100,000 yuan at once!
“Baoqiang, if you say so, sister-in-law has nothing more to say, anyway, the old house is still deserted, you can take it if you want!”
Tang Hongying said with an excited look on her face.
Seeing Tang Hongying’s promise, a hint of secret joy flashed deep inside Chen Baoqiang’s eyes!
The reason he agreed to come over for a meal this time was because of the old mansion, it was going to be developed there, he had already gotten inside information, as long as he got the old mansion in his hands, it would be worth a lot of money by then!
“Ma …………”
Chen Ping frowned and shouted towards Tang Hongying!
“All right, don’t worry about it, I’ll give the old mansion to your second uncle on my own!”
Tang Hongying waved her hand towards Chen Ping and told him to stop talking!
Chen Baoguo was smoking a cigarette on the side and didn’t say anything, he didn’t look like he had any opinion either!
“I don’t agree, this old mansion must not be given to them!” Chen Ping roared with determination!
He had never yelled at his own mother before, but this time he would not let Chen Baoqiang have his way!
“Chen Ping, who are you? What’s the point of disagreeing? This is the Chen family’s ancestral home, what’s your business? You’re just a foundling!”
Chen Baoqiang slammed the table and cursed at Chen Ping!