But this was the Celestial Realm, it was all rich aura, which was used by cultivators for cultivation, people like them in the Celestial Realm had to use Immortal Aura to do so!
The two were always like this, fighting at the drop of a hat, regretting it after the fight, and then with no way to replenish it, their strength kept declining!
“Senior brother, don’t you still have blood jades? Give me a few to use!”
Formation Demon said!
“Scram, that’s my lifeblood, how could I possibly give it to you to use!”
The Divine Ripple Old Ancestor cursed and said!
“If you don’t give it, then don’t give it, why are you still cursing ah ……” Formation Devil blanked the Divine Grain Old Ancestor, then said, “Senior brother, aren’t you concerned about your newly captured disciple, and don’t you want to see if he’s succeeded. ”
“But I sent the Night Demon to move in that thatched hut, even if that kid is gifted, I’m afraid there’s no way to refine the Divine Pattern.”
“Hmph, I already knew that you sent night devils to make trouble, but with my great disciple here, those night devils of yours moving around will be in vain.”
After the Divine Ripple Old Ancestor finished speaking, he gently waved his palm, and a picture instantly appeared in mid-air!
Above the image was the very area where Chen Ping was cultivating, in fact, this area was just a small space that the Divine Grain Old Ancestor had fought to open up after being trapped in the Celestial Realm!
Because his strength was damaged at that time, the space that was opened up was not very large, and within this space, it was still relatively safe, so the Divine Patterns Old Ancestor would put various Divine Patterns inside!
The reason why Chen Ping had no way to leave was that he simply did not know that the space he was in was not the Celestial Realm at all, but rather a new space only!
Perhaps Chen Ping hadn’t thought that there were still people in the Celestial Realm who were able to open up spatial worlds, and had always thought that he was still in the Celestial Realm, so he had exhausted all of his means to not be able to escape!
However, in this space world, not everyone did not have the means to enter, the Formation Demon could easily enter that space world!
There were also the Night Devils that the Formation Devils had captive bred, these were the ones that the Formation Devils had bred one by one over the years, except that these people could only act at night, and there was no way for them to move during the day!
This was also why Chen Ping would only see those crimson eyes when it was night time!
“Hehe, has this disciple of yours already practised his innate divine pattern?”
Seeing that, Chen Ping had already left the thatched hut, the Formation Demon could not help but be surprised!
“Hahaha, truly gifted, I told you a long time ago, your little tricks are useless.”
The Godly Tattooed Ancestor laughed out loud, but quickly closed his mouth and looked at Chen Ping in surprise!
“What is this …… fellow doing?”
The Divine Pattern Old Ancestor saw that Chen Ping was constantly searching for divine patterns before he immediately began to cultivate them!
The divine lines that could be quickly grasped, he would be a little more attentive, and if he was not able to quickly grasp them, he would carve them in his sea of consciousness so that he could cultivate them later on!
But even so, Chen Ping had already practiced four different power divine patterns at this point!
At this speed, it was simply something that would be hard to come by in a thousand years!
“Holy sh*t, what is going on, this guy has just condensed his innate divine lines, but he has already refined so many different divine lines in one go? Isn’t this too outrageous?”
The Formation Devil was also filled with surprise!
Even when they were worshipping their masters in the Heavenly Realm at that time, they had never seen such an exceptionally gifted person ah!
“I see, he’s memorising my divine patterns, this is planning to slowly cultivate after he leaves ah.”
“This guy, he’s ridiculously strong, maybe this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation could really be broken by this guy.”
A look of excitement appeared on the face of the Divine Ripple Ancestor!
Upon hearing this, the Formation Devil was also instantly excited, “Fantastic, such a talented person can’t be held back by you, I’m going to pass this Demonic Tattoo on to him as well.”
After the Formation Devil finished speaking, his figure suddenly disappeared in a flash!
The Divine Pattern Old Ancestor was shocked and hurriedly shouted, “You dare to rob my disciple, I’ll fight you to the death ……”
After saying that, the Divine Grain Old Ancestor quickly chased after him as well!