Now, the entire Xuan Yue Valley is already a tourist attraction, with rides everywhere, much larger than a year ago!
Chen Ping asked the driver to wait outside, and then took Hu Ma Zi towards the Xuan Yue Valley!
After entering the Xuan Yue Valley, Chen Ping released his divine sense, trying to detect some traces!
But after walking a long way, he didn’t catch any useful information.
There were only some martial artists like clan masters, wandering among the tourists.
But as the two walked farther and farther, slowly there were no more tourists and the air began to grow chilly.
“What do you two do? You can’t just enter here, it’s dangerous ……”
At this time, from both sides emerged two people wearing security uniforms, stopping Chen Ping and Hu Pazi!
At a glance, the two people are the security personnel of the scenic spot!
However, Chen Ping found two people’s anomaly, a scenic spot, how could it employ two Zongshi as security guards?
Chen Ping’s divine sense, long ago to detect the strength of the two people!
Only these two people knew nothing about Chen Ping and Hu Pazi.
After all, the difference in realm strength was so vast that they could not detect the aura on Chen Ping and Hu Puzi at all, and took them both as ordinary tourists!
“Sorry, we just casually walked around and came here!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then pulled Hu Puzi and turned his head to walk back!
When the two guards saw Chen Ping and the others leave, they also turned around and went back!
“Let’s go back like this? There must be something weird here ……”
Hu Pazi said to Chen Ping.
“Of course I know, but we can not startle the snake, the two security guards are obviously not the scenic spot!”
Chen Ping said, looked at a side of the high mountains, and then leap, surprisingly directly to the half of the mountainside!
At this time Chen Ping is a great martial marquis, even walking on the half mountain waist, that is like walking on the ground!
“sh*t, bullying me for not being as strong as you, right?”
Hu Puzi looked at Chen Ping and exploded with a foul mouth!
But Hu Pazzi took out two talismans, then drew with his fingers in the air, and then the two talismans rose up in the air and directly brought Hu Pazzi up!
Two people just walking halfway up the mountain, dodging the security guards below!
As Chen Ping and Hu Puzi went deeper, Chen Ping’s divine sense soon detected a strange power.
“There are actually experts here?”
Chen Ping frowned and quickly retracted his divine sense so as not to be discovered.
“It seems that there are quite a few people hidden in here?”
Hu Pazi also felt it.
“Let’s slowly dive over ……”
Chen Ping followed Hu Pazi, concealing his form, slowly moving forward!
Soon, a house appeared, and there are patrollers patrolling around, obviously a sect camp!
“D*mn, I didn’t expect that in just a year’s time, this place was occupied again!”
Chen Ping didn’t expect that Xuan Yue Valley would have a new owner so soon!
But this kind of place with a superior location would definitely be liked by many sects, so it was normal to occupy this place.
And at this moment, inside the Xuan Yue Valley’s Broken Gut Sect, the Broken Gut Sect’s patriarch was anxiously waiting for something!
Soon, three black-robed men wearing black robes with a copper-colored mark on their chests appeared!
Seeing this, the Patriarch of the Broken Gut Sect hurriedly greeted them.
“My subordinates pay their respects to Lord Black Bronze Robe ……”
Broken Gut Patriarch hurriedly went forward and kneeled before the black bronze robe.
“Don’t salute, how is the matter that was explained, how is it done?”
The black bronze robe asked.
“Already done, just waiting for Lord Black Bronze Robe to enter the ruins to explore ……”
The Broken Heart Sect Patriarch hurriedly said.
“En!” Black Bronze Robe nodded his head!
It turned out that the map of the ancient ruins of this Heavenly Rune Sect was taken away by Chen Ping, and after Ning Zhi knew that he had been tricked, he immediately sent people to prepare to explore the ruins beforehand.
And this Broken Gut Sect was also arranged here early by the Martial Dao Alliance, some important places of the ancient ruins would have clans arranged in advance by the Martial Dao Alliance!