Zheng An Guo held the Xuan Hua Axe in his hand, and at this moment he felt that this Martial Saint weapon in his hand was child’s play compared to Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword!
Song Qingping’s eyes narrowed slightly, and the muscles at the corners of his eyes twitched a few times.
Ning Zhi, who was hiding in the shadows, had eyes filled with envy and apprehension!
Nowadays, Chen Ping was getting stronger and stronger, and with such a terrifying weapon addition, Ning Zhi was afraid that it would be very, very difficult for him to win against Chen Ping.
“What? Are you in fear? In fear?”
Sensing the change within Ning Zhi, the spirit within Ning Zhi spoke!
“I …… I’m not ……”
Ning Zhi panicked and began to adjust his mind!
“You can’t fool me, but you don’t have to worry, the higher that Chen Ping’s strength is, the more beneficial it is for us.”
“When his body is strong enough, the great power will be able to use his body and return to the Celestial Realm, and perhaps even meet Lord Demonfather.”
The spirit said, full of excitement.
Ning Zhi was eager to ask what the Celestial Human Realm was, but he guessed that the other party couldn’t possibly tell him, and even if he did, he wouldn’t understand, so he didn’t ask!
“Chen Ping, the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu is in hand, let’s leave as soon as possible ……”
Hu Ma Zi reminded Chen Ping!
After all, with such an unobtainable item in hand, one cannot avoid someone’s eyes getting red and ending up taking desperate measures!
In front of absolutely big interests, no cooperation or friendship is reliable.
Chen Ping nodded, then after following Zheng An Guo and Song Qing Ping and thanking them, he prepared to return to the hotel, while Jiang Wei followed Chen Ping with his men!
With the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu in his hand, Chen Ping did not dare to go to the Zheng family, and even more so to the Demon Spirit Sect, but for Jiang Wei, Chen Ping still trusted him.
After all, Jiang Wu Ya of the Heavenly Law Tower had personally ordered the Jiang family to help him, and he believed that the Jiang family would not dare to disobey the order.
Chen Ping took the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu and planned to refine the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu into a pill in the middle of the hotel, so that he would not have to be afraid that someone would miss the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu and want to rob it!
Chen Ping remembered the Shen Nong Cauldron in the Pill God Valley.
So Chen Ping informed Xu Changsheng overnight and asked him to bring someone to deliver the Shennong Cauldron right away!
“Mr. Chen, you’re tired too, aren’t you? Let me go make you a cup of tea!”
Back at the hotel, Zhou Jie said to Chen Ping.
“Miss Zhou, thank you so much for today too, you should rest quickly, just let the waiter do the tea making.”
Chen Ping said politely.
“It’s alright, I’ll do it!”
Zhou Jie smiled faintly, then walked out of the room, in the tea making room, Zhou Jie took out the loose power water given by Song Qingping, looking at the teapot in front of her, Zhou Jie hesitated!
All this time, Zhou Jie had a good impression of Chen Ping, so when Song Qingping asked her to do so, Zhou Jie resisted!
But as a member of the Demon Spirit Sect, she had to obey orders!
In the end, Zhou Jie gritted her teeth and poured the scattered gong water into the teapot, and after gently shaking it a few times, brought the teapot into the room!
Zhou Jie put down the teapot and personally poured a cup of tea for Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
Only Zhou Jie’s face didn’t look too good, she didn’t dare to look at Chen Ping!
Pocky Hu looked at Zhou Jie with some surprise, because normally, Zhou Jie would not have poured tea for him.
Today was a bit of a surprise to Hu Ma Zi, but at this moment, the knot in Hu Ma Zi’s heart was untied, and he wasn’t going to paralyze himself with women!
“Miss Zhou, are you too tired? I see that you don’t look too good!”
Chen Ping saw that Zhou Jie did not look right and asked.
“Oh, it’s nothing, I’ll probably be fine after resting!”
Zhou Jie said as she squeezed out a small smile.
“Oh, then you should go and rest quickly, leave this place alone.”
Chen Ping urged Zhou Jie to hurry up and get some rest!
“Mr. Chen, I’d better wait until you’ve finished your tea and cleaned up before going to rest.”
Zhou Jie had to watch Chen Ping and the others drink their tea before they could.