Feng Wuching’s sword shot was dodged by Chen Ping, and the sword struck the ring, splitting the ring into pieces!
As Feng Wuxian watched Chen Ping’s drifting stance, his eyes faintly gaped as he swung his sword out incessantly!
Several sword strokes shot out, instantly blocking the four directions of the ring, he wanted to see how else Chen Ping could dodge!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s pace quickened, but the swords seemed to have grown eyes, turning into a stream of light and attacking around Chen Ping!
Seeing this scene, the crowd also became nervous, this time Chen Ping was afraid that it would be very difficult to dodge!
But just when everyone thought that Chen Ping would not be able to dodge this sword, suddenly Chen Ping, who was only a single figure, appeared in four directions in the ring at the same time!
There was a figure of Chen Ping in each direction, and each figure was holding a dragon chopping sword, just like his own body!
The crowd was dumbfounded, and Feng Wuxing was also stunned, then he hurriedly controlled several sword rays and shot them out towards the simultaneous appearance of Chen Ping!
Poof …………
The sword mane pierced through Chen Ping’s body and made a dull sound!
Poof poof poof …………
After a few more soft sounds, Feng Wuzhen saw that all of Chen Ping’s figures were pierced by the sword maneuver!
“Hmph, a mere illusion, how dare you show off!”
Wind Wuzhen laughed coldly!
Wind Wuzhen knew that the sudden appearance of so many Chen Ping figures must be due to Chen Ping’s use of illusionary spells, and that all these Chen Ping figures must be fakes, with only one being real!
Although Feng Wuzhen couldn’t tell the difference, he could kill all of them, so that no matter which one was the real one, Chen Ping would be killed instantly!
Now that he could see all of Chen Ping’s figures being pierced by the sword, Feng Wuzhen became happy!
But just as Feng Wuzhen was smiling, he found that the sudden appearance of Chen Ping had slowly disappeared into a light after the sword had penetrated!
Four Chen Ping, in four directions, all disappeared after the sword pierced through!
“What’s going on here ……?”
The four of them were all illusions of Chen Ping, but where was Chen Ping’s body?
After all, the ring was so big, it was impossible for Chen Ping to leave, and if he left the ring in the middle, he would be condemned to fail.
“Are you looking for me?”
At this moment, a voice rang out behind Feng Wu Heng!
When he saw a figure appear behind him, Feng Wuzhen was so scared that he almost peed his trousers!
Instinctively, Feng Wuzhen turned around and threw a punch!
But before Feng Wuzhen’s fist could reach him, he was slapped in the face by Chen Ping, sending Feng Wuzhen to the ground on the spot.
The whole crowd was silent as everyone stared in disbelief!
Many people did not even realise when Chen Ping had arrived behind Feng Wu-hun!
Moreover, the two swords that Feng Wu-hun had struck with anger were easily dodged by Chen Ping!
On top of the platform, the faces of those who had originally said that Chen Ping was no match for Feng Wu-hun turned a little embarra*sed.
Especially when Feng Jingye was watching his disciple being slapped, only he knew what it was like.
Jin Yuan and Lu Fang looked on with astonishment and disbelief. The two men were in a state of shock.
But now, it seems that they are afraid that they will have to turn the tables and be squeezed by Chen Ping!
On the Earth Gate Secret Realm ring, Yao Shenghui looked on with a calm face, not knowing what was going through his mind!
Han Qing’er and Ge Yuhan were all full of excitement, their eyes blinking!
“Mr. Chen is awesome …………”
Hou Zhen shouted with his arms, as if he wanted to let out all the boredom in his heart!