“Even if I don’t go into the Ancestral Ground, there’s no way I’m going to let someone from the Giant Savage Palace go in ……”
Ji Lian Jun roared, his face reddening!
“Family Head Ji, since you won’t agree to this condition, then don’t say anything, let your fists do the talking ……”
After Qin Hetian finished speaking, the breath of those people from the Giant Savage Palace rose once again one by one!
“Family master, let the people from the Giant Savage Palace go in, what can they do, they are just one person, how many masterless origins can they use up.”
“That’s right, we can’t let us all follow and not be able to enter the ancestral land because of this.”
“The development of the collateral lineage on our side is already slow, after waiting for so many years, if the Ancestral Ground can’t be entered anymore, what will we, the sons, rely on to raise our strength?”
Those side lineages began to pressure Ji Lian Jun again!
Ji Lianying had a few faint smiles on his face, he had eaten Ji Lian Jun today!
If Ji Lianjun let Qin Hetian’s son enter the ancestral land, then what he promised Qin Hetian was considered to have been done, and Qin Hetian would definitely have no problem cooperating with him.
If Ji Lianjun was bent on not letting Qin HeTian’s son enter the ancestral land, then he would have offended many of the Ji family’s collateral lines!
In that case, Ji Lianying could draw in these side families and isolate Ji Lianjun, and the next family head position would definitely fall into his own hands!
So no matter what Ji Lianjun chose today, Ji Lianying was in a steady state of winning!
Ji Lian Jun looked at those side families, and then glanced at Ji Lian Ying who had a faint smile on his face, his face was red with anger, and his body was trembling slightly!
Ji Lian Jun knew that this was Ji Lian Ying’s trap, but knowing that it was a trap, he couldn’t help but drill!
Seeing his father’s angry face, Ji Cheng said, “Ji Lianying, you collude with the Giant Barbarian Palace, in the end, what are your intentions? Don’t think that no one knows that you went to the Giant Barbarian Palace some time ago.”
Ji Cheng had been following Ji Lianying to the Giant Barbarian Palace, so just now when Ji Lianying was acting after Qin He Tian, he couldn’t watch!
Now he was going to expose Ji Lianying’s face!
Ji Lianying’s face was cold “Ji Cheng, I am your second uncle, you dare to fight with me like this, didn’t your father teach you?”
“Ji Cheng, you dare to call my father by his first name and falsely accuse my father of colluding with the Giant Barbarian Palace? Do you have any respect for your elders? You are ignoring your elders and are subject to the family law.” Ji Yue stood out and roared at Ji Cheng!
“Ji Yue, you called my brother by his name as well, you too have no respect for your elders and are subject to the family law as well.”
Ji Meiling helped Ji Cheng and said!
“Ji Meiling, you’re a little brat, is there a place for you to speak here? You’d better go and look for your sister, maybe she’s sleeping inside some wild man’s nest.”
Ji Mei Zhen also started to open her mouth!
“You …………” Ji Meiling’s face was red with anger, but in the aspect of playing mouthy, she was indeed inferior to her own sister, Ji Meiyan!
Ji Lian Jun looked at the scene of chaos, frowned and said “Well, all shut up ……”
Ji Lianjun sentence, all the mouth closed.
“Second brother, you’re right, this matter will be according to you, I can take out the family master’s order and let the people from the Giant Savage Palace enter the ancestral land!”
Ji Lian Jun compromised, and in the end, he helplessly took out the Family Master’s Order.
Seeing this, Ji Lianying instantly smiled and said “Still, big brother has a big picture idea and understands the big picture, or else you could be the family head ……”
Receiving the family head order, Ji Lianying gave the family head order to Qin Jingyu, and then Ji Lianying and Qin Hetian looked at each other with a smile!
After settling this matter, the crowd began to depart towards the Ji Family’s ancestral land!
The group of dozens of people ended up marching into the middle of the Ji Family’s ancestral land!
Among them, that Qin Jingyu was the most conspicuous, almost two heads taller than the others, and Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen walked to the sides of Qin Jingyu, talking and laughing!
Ji Meiling could only stare viciously at them, and did not dare to say anything, now that she herself entered the ancestral land, Ji Cheng was no longer qualified, and Ji Meiyan did not know where she had run off to, she could not do anything even if she was single and weak!