Just as the crowd was chatting, another man unexpectedly slowly emerged from the top of the cruise ship, this man only had one arm and the other arm was empty!
Seeing this sudden appearance of a man, everyone stopped talking and looked at him in shock!
This man was Zhu Zhishan!
Now that they had arrived at Dragon Island, there was no need for Zhu Zhishan to hide himself, even if Chen Ping knew about it, he would not be able to escape.
The Locked Dragon Island was far inland and surrounded by the sea on all sides, so there was no way to escape without a boat.
Chen Ping’s eyes stared, and the moment he saw Zhu Zhi Shan appear, Chen Ping’s heart became tense.
“sh*t, why is this Zhu Zhishan also on the boat? He’s not here for the trial too, is he?”
Dong Jiahao was surprised to see Zhu Zhishan who appeared.
“He should be here to kill me ……”
Chen Ping’s fists were slightly clenched together, ready to deal with unexpected situations!
Now that Zhu Zhishan had even sneaked in, Chen Ping knew that this time it would be a battle of life and death.
The four members of the Martial Arts Alliance plus Long Xiao, Chen Ping was not even sure of winning, and now with Zhu Zhishan, Chen Ping had no chance of winning!
When Dong Jiahao heard that Zhu Zhishan had come to kill Chen Ping, he was stunned, then he gritted his teeth and said, “Brother Chen Ping, don’t worry, if they really want to kill you, we’ll go together ……”
“If you really want to do it later, you must not move, otherwise you will just lose your life for nothing ……”
Chen Ping advised Dong Jiahao.
With Dong Jiahao’s strength, he couldn’t help Chen Ping much at all, and even if he did, he would just be sending his life away for nothing!
Dong Jiahao still wanted to say something, but at this time, Zhu Zhishan had already walked up to Chen Ping, with a cold smile on his face, “Chen Ping, we meet again, I admit that your strength is very strong, but today you will never walk out of Dragon Lock Island alive ……”
“You’re a martial arts alliance alliance master, yet you secretly followed the ship just to bring someone to kill me, aren’t you afraid of being laughed at like this?”
“This is all the martial arts community in Kyoto, the gentry of the major sects and families are here, is this how you can be the Martial Arts Alliance’s alliance leader?”
Chen Ping pretended to be calm and asked at Zhu Zhishan.
Chen Ping wanted to stimulate that Zhu Zhishan, and perhaps Zhu Zhishan would get in the way and not make a move against himself here.
As long as Zhu Zhishan and the others didn’t make a move together, Chen Ping was sure that he could take them down individually!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping you don’t need to use excitement with me, it won’t help me at all, as long as I can kill you, face is nothing, as long as I can see you die, I can even quit being the alliance leader ……”
Zhu Zhishan laughed loudly, then his eyes stared at Chen Ping sinisterly.
“In that case, then let’s cut the crap and do it ……”
A golden light began to flash on Chen Ping’s body!
The aura on Zhu Zhishan’s body also began to run, then he coldly swept a glance at the crowd, “There is nothing for you here, this is a personal grudge between me and Chen Ping, if any of you dare to help him, then you are following my Martial Dao Alliance against him, no one will be able to walk out of Dragon Lock Island alive!”
Zhu Zhishan was afraid that someone would suddenly jump out and help Chen Ping, this was the best opportunity ever, Zhu Zhishan couldn’t let anyone ruin this opportunity!
These people did not have any dealings with Chen Ping, so of course they would not offend Zhu Zhishan for Chen Ping’s sake.
On this island, which was surrounded by sea, Zhu Zhishan had the power of life and death, and no one could escape.
Ge Jiayi originally wanted to say a few words, but when she saw that Zhu Zhishan had said it to death, she could only slowly step back.
Only Dong Jiahao kept standing by Chen Ping’s side and didn’t move!
“Dong Jiahao, do you want to die?”
When Zhu Zhishan saw that Dong Jiahao was not moving, killing intent burst out of his eyes and he said.