Although that middle-aged man was angry, he didn’t dare to say anything, after all, their side was really weak, plus each clan had their own petty thoughts, no one used their full strength, so it was impossible for them to be Hong Qianjiu’s opponents!
Seeing that the crowd did not dare to speak, Hong Qianjiu smiled in satisfaction and gave Chen Ping a provocative glance.
Chen Ping had just broken the formation and Hong Qianjiu had promised Chen Ping to let him enter with him, but Chen Ping wouldn’t agree!
Now he was going to make Chen Ping regret it and make Chen Ping get blocked outside as well!
“Mr. Chen, what do we do?”
Jiang Wei asked with some anxiety.
Now that Hong Qianjiu was blocking the entrance, even they wouldn’t be able to enter!
“Wait ……”
Chen Ping spat out a word indifferently!
He then placed his gaze not far away, on Ning Zhi and the others, although Ning Zhi and the others had already taken off the black robes they were wearing and blended in with the crowd, but they were still spotted by Chen Ping.
Including that Lv Factory, who also let Chen Ping see, standing in the corner, seemingly avoiding the crowd on purpose!
Now these people were considered the strongest people Chen Ping had ever seen, and since they were all still waiting quietly at the back without the slightest movement, Chen Ping chose to wait too!
He would see who could not be patient first!
“Senior, what do we do? This Hong Qianjiu is blocking the entrance and not allowing the others to enter, then our plan to wipe them out in one go will be foiled.”
Ning Zhi asked to the demonic amba*sador.
“Bring people on, we must not let one family dominate, otherwise the plan will not work well.”
The spirit inside Ning Zhi said.
What they wanted was for all the great clans to have their own hearts and minds, and then coax and fight and eventually kill each other, and in the end they would wipe out all the rest of them!
In this way, this Penglai Island would be under the rule of their Demon Heart Sect!
But now that Hong Qianjiu was the only one, it would be very tricky to deal with them if they united with more clans!
After hearing this, Ning Zhi led the four black and gold robes forward!
In order to prevent anyone from recognising him, Ning Zhi deliberately covered his face with a black scarf, he couldn’t let anyone else know that they were from the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance!
At this moment, Hong Qianjiu saw that the crowd had all been honest, so he waved his hand and prepared to lead them into the ruins!
“Wait a minute ……”
Ning Zhi stepped forward and shouted at Hong Qianjiu!
Seeing this, Hong Qianjiu mingled past him to look at Ning Zhi: “Who are you and what’s the matter?”
“It doesn’t matter who I am, what always matters is that you have this relic all to yourself and won’t let us in, I’m not convinced ……”
Ning Zhi spoke.
Hong Qianjiu frowned slightly, “You’re not convinced? Did you not see the battle just now? If you don’t submit, then what will happen to you, do you know?”
“I know, but I’m still not convinced.”
Ning Zhi spoke provocatively, “This relic doesn’t belong to your family, so why should you be able to enter and we can’t?”
“On what basis? On the strength of ……”
Hong Qianjiu’s eyes narrowed, and a cold momentum suddenly erupted from his body as he smashed his fist into Ning Zhi!
But that Ning Zhi didn’t fight back, nor did he move!
Just after Hong Qianjiu reached Ning Zhi, a black and gold robe behind Ning Zhi suddenly struck out!
A kick was thrown at Hong Qianjiu who, without even reacting, was sent flying straight away!
Rumble …………
Hong Qianjiu’s body smashed heavily into the mountain, directly sending rocks flying across the mountain!
A mouthful of blood gushed out, Hong Qianjiu only felt like his internal organs were going to shatter!
“Martial …… Martial Saint ……”
Hong Qianjiu looked at the black and gold robe that had just struck in shock, his face turned very ugly!
He didn’t expect that a Martial Saint had arrived here, and by the looks of it, that Martial Saint even looked like a subordinate!
One had to know that a Martial Saint was a god-like existence in a family, how could he possibly be a subordinate?
If a family had a Martial Saint weapon, they would be able to walk around!
Hong Qianjiu couldn’t understand how there were still families in the secular world where Martial Saints were subordinates?