“Of course you can, I’ll order someone to drive the spirit boat over there, only that the island is short of supplies and you can’t stay for long, when the time comes I’ll send you a spirit boat so that you can leave.”
Elder Liu continued to use the method of wanting to escape!
“Of course, we won’t stay long.”
Chen Wenliang hurriedly nodded!
The spirit boat quickly headed towards the crowd of pill masters, and it was only when all of them got on top of the spirit boat that they breathed a sigh of relief!
“You guys can rest in the spirit boat for now, wait for us to salvage some demonic beast corpses before we take you to the island!”
Elder Liu said to Chen Wenliang!
“Feel free Elder Liu, it’s fine for us to have a place to rest our feet.”
Chen Wenliang said!
“When we approach the stormy sea in a while, the spirit boat will be very shaky, so it’s best for you guys to stay inside the spirit boat and don’t come out and walk around at will.”
Elder Liu said!
“Understood, we have also just crossed the stormy sea and know how powerful that storm is!”
Chen Wenliang nodded!
The many pill masters all entered the cabin of the spirit boat!
This spirit boat was huge, so with dozens more of them, it didn’t seem crowded!
People like Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi and the rest of them were also all assigned separate bedrooms!
At this time, on the deck of the spirit boat, the young man in the green shirt, very puzzled, asked Elder Liu, “Elder Liu, since everyone is on board, why don’t we go back and have to go to the stormy sea to salvage some demonic beast corpses ah?”
“What do you know, I just said that we are here to salvage demonic beast corpses and get some resources.”
“If we turn around and go back as soon as these people get on board, it will definitely arouse suspicion, and there will be a lot of unnecessary trouble at that time.”
“So the less we pay attention to these people, the more solid these people’s hearts will be, this is also why I said to let them not stay on the island for a long time, you learn it, this is a desire to escape ……”
Elder Liu said with a smug face!
“High, really high ……” The young man gave a thumbs up!
“A moment close to the stormy sea, you take people to symbolically salvage some demonic beast corpses, never get too close to that storm, if you get sucked in, it’s game over.”
Elder Liu ordered!
“Understood!”The young man nodded!
Soon the spirit boat approached the stormy sea, but it didn’t get too close, then the young man brought a few Zhentian Dharma Sect disciples and approached towards the storm!
Around the storm, there were quite a few corpses of demonic beasts floating on the sea surface, although not as many as in the centre of the storm, the corpses of these demonic beasts were enough to be salvaged for a while!
Chen Ping saw that he had arrived around the storm again, and wanted to go and look for some treasures as well, after all, he had the Wind Setting Pearl in place, and that storm couldn’t hurt him at all!
But when Chen Ping was just about to walk out of the cabin, he was suddenly stopped by the two cultivators at the door!
“You can’t go out, right now the spirit boat is in stormy waters, it’s safe to stay in the cabin!”
One of the cultivators said!
“Fellow Daoist, I’m just going out to get some fresh air, and since we’ve just had our spirit boat destroyed by a storm, I want to see what it’s like to be in such a powerful storm.”
Chen Ping said in a nice voice!
“No, you have to stay in the cabin!”
The two cultivators were surprisingly oily and serious, not allowing Chen Ping to go out!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, since you are not allowed to go out, then don’t go out, this is also for safety reasons!”
Chen Wenliang said to Chen Ping!
“Alright!”Chen Ping nodded and turned around to go back!
However, Chen Ping always felt that something was not quite right at the moment, only that he did not voice it!
Finding a place to sit down, Chen Ping radiated his divine sense out!
The entire spirit boat was covered by Chen Ping’s divine sense, this spirit boat was many times more advanced than Chen Ping’s spirit boat!
Moreover, there were several formations inside the spirit boat, especially one cabin, which was even wrapped in formations, Chen Ping’s divine sense had no way to penetrate!
It looked like this should be a meeting room, not wanting others to hear or see what was being said inside!