One should know that the higher the realm, the more ma*sive the spiritual energy needed, and the longer it would take to cultivate.
But at this moment, Chen Ping found himself cultivating at a speed that had reached an astonishing rate.
As Chen Ping and Zhao Beng were cultivating, they had no idea that this small compound had long been watched!
How could such a huge amount of spiritual energy, gathered in a courtyard, fogged up all day long, not attract the attention of others!
At this moment, two men wearing uniforms and holding cutla*ses were staring closely at Chen Ping’s compound with them!
“It’s been ten days, this spirit mist has actually condensed but not dispersed, a spirit gathering formation must have been laid down here, let’s quickly tell this news to Du Wang ……”
One of them said in a whisper.
The other one nodded, and then the two men turned around and prepared to leave!
But just as the two turned around, but at some point, a masked man appeared behind the two!
The moment they turned around, the masked man struck out in an instant!
His hands formed into claws and directly squeezed the throats of the two men, instantly bursting their throat bones.
The two men didn’t have time to struggle, and they were killed!
After killing the two men, the masked man looked towards Chen Ping and their foggy compound and cursed, “Too careless, really thought this was a peaceful place ……”
After the masked man finished speaking, his body flickered away and he entered the compound!
At this time, Chen Ping was in the critical moment of cultivation, the whole person like an old monk into the meditation, simply can not notice the situation outside!
Entering the room, the masked man looked at Chen Ping in the middle of his cultivation and suddenly let out a cold laugh.
“Not even a defensive formation, careless, too careless ……”
The masked man said, ripping the black scarf off his face!
A face full of pockmarks was revealed.
This person was surprisingly Hu Pocky.
Hu Pocky looked at the faint dark golden glow flickering up from Chen Ping’s body and couldn’t help but smile, “This guy, this is about to break through again.”
With that, Hu Ma Zi pulled out a few talismans and with a casual toss of his hand, several talismans began to surround Chen Ping’s body.
A ray of light surrounded Chen Ping, while the bearded man himself sat leisurely on the side, pulling out a large handful of melon seeds and kicking them.
Another day and night!
The dark golden glow on Chen Ping’s body became more and more prevalent, accompanied by a buzzing sound.
Looking at him, at this moment, Chen Ping looked like a god, extremely mysterious!
“A small realm, this guy actually requires such a huge amount of spiritual energy, it’s too perverted ……”
Looking at Chen Ping, Hu Ma Zi was staggered for a moment!
Buzz …………
There was a sudden fluctuation of spiritual energy, and Chen Ping’s eyes snapped open, his body glowing with golden light.
“Comfortable, cultivating in this place, it’s so comfortable ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but sigh in admiration!
“You almost lost your life, let’s see if you still shout for comfort ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a smile.
Chen Ping was stunned, he did not notice Hu Pazzi because he had just woken up.
Hearing Pocky Hu’s voice, Chen Ping’s face then became a little ugly!
“Master Hu, why are you here?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise.
“I’ve been here for a few months now, if I wasn’t here, you might have been a*sa*sinated long ago while you were cultivating.”
“You cultivate and you don’t even set up a defensive spell, isn’t that sticking your head out to be chopped?”
Hu Ma Zi reprimanded at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was instantly filled with embarra*sment, at that time he had indeed been careless, feeling that this place was full of immortal cultivators and that people were not uncommon about cultivating immortality.
Besides these people on Penglai Island didn’t even know him, who would come to kill himself!
“Master Hu, you said someone is trying to harm me, what is going on? No one here knows me either ……”
Chen Ping asked in amazement.
He didn’t understand why anyone would harm him here, just because he was full of spiritual energy here and formed a spiritual mist, those people were going to kill him