“Haha, Chen Ping, today I’ll see if you can still escape?”
“I will chop off your head today and hang it at the entrance of the Martial Dao Alliance to make it known to the world, so that they can see what happens when they follow the Martial Dao Alliance against them ……”
When Zhu Zhishan saw that Chen Ping was seriously injured, he laughed in triumph.
Chen Ping did not pay attention to Zhu Zhishan, but stared at Du Da with a deadly gaze, and suddenly grinned.
Du Da was stunned, “You’re dying, and you’re still laughing?”
“Dying? Who said I was going to die? This skill of yours won’t cost me my life, I can see your spell, naturally I have a way to break your doorway ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Humph, Chen Ping, even if you can see the doorway of my spell, what can you do? Can you really break my spell?”
Du Da did not believe that Chen Ping had such a skill.
“If you don’t believe me, then you can try ……”
Chen Ping said it, a golden light suddenly flashed in his two eyes, followed by a divine sense that attacked towards Du Da.
Since any force would be recoiled by Duda’s spell, Chen Ping intended to attack with divine sense, directly cutting off Duda’s spiritual power, as long as there was no more spiritual power, Duda’s even more bullish spells could not be cast.
“Humph, don’t measure yourself, how dare you cast a spiritual attack on me, with this little spiritual power of yours, will it be able to shake me!”
Duda did not think so, in terms of spell attainment, Duda did not think anyone could surpa*s himself.
If one had high attainments in magic, then one’s spiritual power must be strong, that was for sure.
Therefore, Duda was not afraid of Chen Ping’s mental attack, and he even wanted to use it to turn Chen Ping into a demented person!
Chen Ping’s divine sense enveloped Duda, and then entered Duda’s brain in a flash!
The moment Chen Ping’s divine sense entered, a golden light flashed within Du Da’s mind, instantly cutting off Chen Ping’s divine sense.
Duda’s face coldly smiled “This spiritual power, too weak ……”
But before Duda could finish his words, the smile suddenly froze on his face.
Because he felt that the overwhelming spiritual power was continuously surging towards his mind, like a tsunami, rushing!
This strong and surging spiritual power caused Du Da’s mind to instantly fall into a daze, and he tried desperately to resist, but his spiritual power seemed insignificant in front of this ocean.
If Duda had not despised himself from the start, he would have had some difficulty in invading Duda’s brain later on.
Seizing the moment, Chen Ping instantly leapt up to reach Duda, followed by a fist smashing down.
But at this moment, Du Da was in a daze, as if he did not see Chen Ping!
In just a matter of breath, Chen Ping’s fist had already reached Duda.
Looking at Chen Ping still daring to attack, while that Du Da was still motionless, Zhu Zhishan was filled with a cold smile.
“Hmph, Chen Ping, even if you use all your strength, you will not be able to hurt Elder Brother Du even a little bit!”
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan did not know that Du Da was not not dodging, but had fallen into a brief daze.
Boom!
Chen Ping’s golden fist arrived in front of Du Da’s eyes, and at that very instant, Du Da’s eyes rolled back and he came to his senses, and upon feeling the power of Chen Ping’s punch, cold sweat instantly broke out on Du Da’s body!
He instinctively tried to dodge, but it was already too late, Chen Ping’s fierce punch smashed into Duda’s chest, this punch directly punched a big bloody hole in Duda’s chest!
Duda’s body flew backwards and landed heavily on the ground with a face full of pain!
Zhu Zhishan was dumbfounded and looked at Duda incredulously, he thought that this punch should have shaken Chen Ping out like just now, but he didn’t expect it to be Duda who flew out.
And the bloody hole in Duda’s chest looked very horrible!