“Brother Chen Ping, forget it ……”
Wang Han Han had a nervous face and whispered to persuade Chen Ping!
Seeing Wang Han Han’s appearance, Leng Bing suddenly laughed, looking at Chen Ping with a playful face and said, “Kid, it’s not too late for you to regret, just the way you are now, I’m afraid you can’t even get 20,000 yuan out, right? And also drink brandy, bragging is not as good as you do ……”
“Regret?” The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly: “Regret what? It’s just a few bottles of brandy, it’s not like you’ve never had it before, what’s there to regret, if you regret it, you can call the waiter back now ……”
“Hahahaha, what a joke, how could I possibly regret it, a couple of million is nothing in my eyes …………”
Leng Bing laughed, but in his heart he cursed Chen Ping, he wanted to see how long Chen Ping could pretend, when the wine was brought up, Chen Ping would definitely not be able to pretend anymore!
Soon, the waiter brought ten bottles of brandy to the table, the crowd looked at the brandy in front of them and their eyes turned green, they had never had such expensive wine before!
“Sir, do you need to open it?” The waiter looked at Leng Bing and asked!
Leng Bing was stunned, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, open it? If the wine is opened, then there is no room for regret!”
Leng Bing was forcing Chen Ping to compromise, he knew that Chen Ping was just playing hard to get and would definitely not let the wine be opened!
Leng Bing didn’t want to open it either, after all, over a million dollars for a meal, he didn’t have that much money!
Chen Ping smiled coldly, and then said to the waiter, “Please open all the wine ……”
“Yes sir ……” The waiter opened a bottle of brandy with a bang!
This time Leng Bing was directly dumbfounded, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to really let the waiter open the wine!
Boom!
Another bottle of wine was opened by the waiter!
Every time the bottle was opened, it was like a sledgehammer hitting Leng Bing’s heart hard, making his heart ache.
Soon, cold sweat sprang up on Leng Bing’s forehead, “Chen Ping, this is the Regal Hotel, the Su family’s property, don’t you think you’ll end up cheating to escape the bill, that’s impossible!”
Leng Bing threatened Chen Ping, he hoped that Chen Ping would stop the waiter from opening the wine at this time!
“It’s not like I’m thinking of skipping the bill, are you heartbroken about the money? If that’s the case, you can tell the waiter not to open the wine now!”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Leng Bing with a cold smile on his face.
“How could I possibly be heartbroken about money, old man’s monthly pocket money, you can’t even earn it in a year ……”
How could Leng Bing stop it at this time, wouldn’t that be slapping himself in the face, these ten bottles of brandy were what he wanted!
But seeing all ten bottles of wine being opened, Leng Bing’s heart was dripping blood!
“It’s still this wine that feels good to drink ……”
Chen Ping picked up a bottle of brandy, poured himself a large gla*s, and then drank it all!
Seeing this kind of drinking appearance of Chen Ping, Leng Bing gave a disdainful look, and then said to the crowd, “Let’s all drink together, but don’t let someone drink it all like they’ve never seen wine before ……”
The people heard, all of them have picked up the bottle to pour themselves wine, even Wang Yutian and Zhang Miao who do not drink also poured themselves a large cup, to know that this is hundreds of thousands of bottles of wine, this time do not drink, after fear that there will be no opportunity to drink for a lifetime!
Wang Han Han did not drink, but was still comforting Wu Yi Fan, this time the blow seemed to be so great to Wu Yi Fan that she kept lying on the table without making a sound!
Leng Bing watched everyone drink the wine, his heart was secretly relieved, he had already thought about it, when paying the bill later, he would not take the money himself, he could pay for the meal himself, but this wine all drank, all have to pay for it!