“Up ahead is the regenerating spring ……”
The first thing he did was to point to the cloudy area in front of him and say.
Chen Ping looked at the rejuvenation spring in front of him, the aura of this place was much better than other places!
But just as Chen Ping was walking towards the spring, several guards suddenly jumped out from the sides and stopped Chen Ping in an instant!
“I brought him here, let him pa*s ……”
At this moment, Pao Yukun slowly opened his mouth and said!
When the guards saw him, they all saluted and then stepped aside!
Chen Ping walked up to the surface of the regenerating spring and looked at the clear spring with many fish swimming in it!
Then Chen Ping put his hand into the spring to feel the difference.
However, Chen Ping did not find anything different after touching his hand inside the spring, except that the aura was a bit more concentrated than the other places, but everything else was normal.
Looking at the slowly flowing spring, Chen Ping wondered if the spring was a fraud.
How could this seemingly ordinary spring revive a person with broken bones?
As if he could see Chen Ping’s doubts, Bao Yu Kun smiled lightly and said, “Do you think this spring is very ordinary?”
Chen Ping nodded, but did not say anything!
With a smile, Baoyu Kun suddenly reached out his hand and grabbed a fish in the water in the air.
The fish was struggling in his hand!
Chen Ping was stunned by this scene and looked at Pao Yukun in disbelief!
How could this man eat fish raw and be so cruel?
But it was as if Yue Buqun was not surprised, and he looked at Chen Ping with a faint smile on his face!
After tearing off a piece of the fish, he threw it back into the water!
Although a large piece of flesh was missing from the fish, it was still swimming in the water!
Chen Ping was astonished, not understanding what Bao Yu Kun was trying to say.
Did he just want to show himself how cruel he was?
“Brother Chen, look carefully at the fish in the water ……”
At this moment, Yue Buqun reminded in a low voice!
Only then did Chen Ping turn his attention to the fish, only to see it swimming in the water, and the piece of flesh that had been bitten off its body was recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye!
In a matter of 10 minutes, the fish was back to its original form, its body intact!
Looking at the scene before him, Chen Ping was in disbelief!
“So, do you believe in the power of this spring now?”
Looking at Chen Ping’s unbelievable appearance, Bao Yu Kun said with a hint of disdain.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but once again put his hand into the spring, closed his eyes slightly, slowed down his breathing, and concentrated all his mental energy into the spring!
Chen Ping’s consciousness also seemed to turn into a spring, flowing with him everywhere!
Soon, Chen Ping opened his eyes and frowned slightly!
Seeing Chen Ping like that, Yue Buqun hurriedly asked, “Brother Chen, is there anything wrong?”
“Oh, there’s nothing ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly smiled, shook his head and then asked, “Patriarch Yue, do you know where the spring water from this regeneration spring comes from and where it flows to?”
Yue Buqun shook his head, “The spring water flows from the lower part of the Kunlun Mountain range, but I don’t know where it flows to, because it disappears when it reaches the rocky outcrop in front of us!”
“No one knew where it went, and some people were curious and went to the rocky outcrop to investigate, but all to no avail, and after going to the rocky outcrop, they would come back and their strength would stagnate, and no matter how much they trained, they would never break through!”
“So slowly no one bothered to find out where the springs flowed ……”
Yue Buqun followed Chen Ping to explain, and Chen Ping developed a strong interest in Luanshigang!