Chen Ping smiled faintly, picked up a cup of tea and slowly drank it, not speaking at all!
“What are you two talking about?” At this moment, Su Yuqi returned!
“Oh, nothing to chat about!” Gu Ling’er hurriedly said.
It was obvious that Gu Ling’er did not want Su Yuqi to know about this!
“Chen Ping, Gu Gu called you over, I just happen to follow Ling’er and the two of them to catch up on old times too!”
Su Yuqi patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said.
“Oh!” Chen Ping nodded, stood up and looked towards where Gu Wentian was!
At this moment, Gu Wentian was sitting with a middle-aged man, two people at a table, and there was no one else at the table.
When Chen Ping walked over, Gu Wentian hurriedly introduced Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, this is Provincial City Guardian Pavilion Master Li Shouyi!”
“Pavilion Master Li!” Chen Ping shouted politely!
For his part, Li Shouyi nodded and gestured for Chen Ping to sit down with a wave of his hand!
“Mr. Chen, just now Pavilion Master Li has been asking me about you for half a day and is very appreciative of you!”
Just as he sat down, Gu Wentian said with a smile.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly as he sneered, “If you want to arrest me, you can just come directly, making such a grand spectacle is a bit of a waste!”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words left his mouth, Gu Wentian gave an instant freeze, and that Li Shouyi was also stunned, he did not expect Chen Ping to know about it.
“Mr. Chen, what does this mean?”
Gu Wentian asked with a puzzled expression.
“I wiped out the Wei family, they are here to give the Wei family a head start!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
It was as if exterminating the Wei Family was nothing more than a trivial matter in Chen Ping’s mind!
“You really did exterminate the Wei family?”
Li Shouyi’s face chilled when he saw that Chen Ping had actually admitted it outright.
“Not bad, I exterminated it, if I knew there was still someone alive in the Wei family, I would still go and kill him!”
Chen Ping replied in an unsalty manner.
“Since you admit it, this matter will be fine, after this meal, then be good and come with me!”
An aura suddenly erupted from Li Shouyi’s body, enveloping Chen Ping in the process!
As the Lord of the Dharma Protection Pavilion, his strength was certainly not too bad!
Chen Ping sneered, his eyes filled with disdain, “With this number of you?”
Suddenly, Chen Ping’s body trembled slightly, a majestic and surging aura instantly overwhelmed the aura on Li Shouyi’s body, a rampant killing intent was rising on Chen Ping’s body, Li Shouyi felt the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, his heart and soul actually trembled violently, his face full of surprise!
“Mr. Chen restrain your anger!” Gu Wentian now finally understood, hurriedly persuaded Chen Ping, then looked at Li Shouyi and said, “Li Shouyi, if you are here to capture Mr. Chen, then you should leave quickly, you can’t take Mr. Chen away at all, besides that Wei family has done all the bad things, they should have died long ago!”
“Ancient …………” Li Shouyi looked at Gu Wentian with a face full of confusion.
Although as the protector pavilion pavilion master, but Li Shouyi did not dare to disrespect Gu Wentian, because he, the pavilion master, was promoted by Gu Wentian back then, otherwise Gu Ling’er an agent, how can follow Li Shouyi at all times!
The fact is that the company’s business is not only about the company’s business, but also about the company’s business.
After listening to Li Shouyi, he was silent, and the atmosphere became a bit awkward for a while.
On the other side, the two people, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, were chatting happily.
“Yu Qi, how long have you and that Chen Ping known each other?”
Gu Ling’er suddenly asked to Su Yuqi.
“About two months, not very long!” Su Yuqi said after thinking for a while.
“Two months? You are boyfriend and girlfriend? Do you know anything about that Chen Ping? Do you know what kind of person he is?”
Gu Ling’er became excited when she heard that Su Yuqi had only known Chen Ping for two months.