During the dinner, Patriarch Jiang was glowing, and the entire Soul Demon Sect was immersed in a state of joy!
Now that Patriarch Jiang was cured, it was something to be happy about!
For his part, Patriarch Jiang was very grateful to Chen Ping, no matter what Chen Ping had said, but he had saved Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian, so he should be treated with courtesy!
“Master, in Mr Cheng’s body, there is still a residual soul residing, that is Mr Cheng is a friend, Mr Cheng wants to ask if it is possible to remake his friend’s physical body?”
Zheng Jian opened his mouth and asked to Patriarch Jiang!
Jiang Patriarch smiled slightly and said “The residual soul in Mr Cheng’s body is only in the Harmonisation realm, of course it can reshape his flesh, but I am now recovering from a serious illness, I wonder if I can wait for a few days?”
At a glance, Patriarch Jiang could see the strength of the Ochre Amazing in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, and it was evident that his study of the soul was even deeper!
However, once Chen Ping heard that Patriarch Jiang even had to wait a few days, he could not help but frown slightly!
Because this Patriarch Jiang was burning his true essence at the moment, maintaining his current life, waiting for a few days for the person to die, how could he remake Ochre Amazing’s physical body?
Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, Jiang Yulian hurriedly explained “Mr Cheng, Master has just recovered from a serious illness, he needs to recover a little bit in order to be more certain, you have to know that reshaping the flesh also has a chance of failure.”
“And to reshape the physical body, we also need to prepare a lot of things, it’s not something that can be done overnight.”
Jiang Yulian thought that Chen Ping was unhappy!
“Miss Jiang is mistaken, since Patriarch Jiang has agreed, there is no harm in waiting for a few days ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly squeezed out a smile and said!
After eating, Chen Ping was placed in one of the largest rooms, although the room was a bit simple, it was the best for the Soul Demon Sect!
“Mr Chen, that Patriarch Jiang’s longevity decline is coming to an end, you said that he won’t live more than three days, that …………”
Ochre Yan was a little worried, if that Patriarch Jiang couldn’t live more than three days, how could he still remould his flesh?
<br> “Don’t worry, not to mention longevity decline, even if he dies, I’ll take him back from hell and remould your flesh.”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
“Mr Chen, could it be that you have a way to make that Patriarch Jiang’s longevity decline end?”
Ochre Yan said with some surprise!
“Where can I change the Heavenly Dao to terminate the Longevity Decline, but I can help Patriarch Jiang raise his cultivation realm, as long as his realm is raised, the Longevity Decline will naturally be terminated, and his life span will increase by a lot.”
Chen Ping explained!
“Raise cultivation?” Ochre Yan was a little speechless, “That Patriarch Jiang looks like he should have the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, how easy is it to raise his cultivation ……”
“That Patriarch Jiang does have the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, and he is still at the peak of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, as long as he raises his cultivation slightly, he can break through to the eighth rank of the Dao.”
“It’s just that his current physical condition can’t suffer from a thunderbolt at all, even a minor realm raising thunderbolt would be able to make him go up in smoke.”
“Now we can only think of a way to help him raise his realm at the same time, so that he can withstand the attack of the lightning tribulation, as long as he passes through the tribulation, then Patriarch Jiang’s longevity decline will naturally disappear.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
As soon as Ochre Yan heard that Chen Ping already had a solution, he inwardly relaxed quite a bit, after all, to be able to find a chance to reshape one’s flesh, that was a very rare occurrence!
Chen Ping started refining pills overnight, he wanted to have all the various pills he needed ready by the time Patriarch Jiang’s life decline descended!
For two days in a row, Chen Ping refined a lot of pills, which were completely capable of raising Patriarch Jiang’s strength to the eighth rank of the Transitional Realm!
“Mr Cheng, Mr Cheng …………”
Just two days later, suddenly Jiang Yulian anxiously found Chen Ping!
Chen Ping opened the door and saw that Jiang Yulian’s face was full of tears and had already cried!
“Miss Jiang, is it possible that Patriarch Jiang has fallen ill again?”
Chen Ping had already guessed when he saw Jiang Yulian arrive!