However, Hu Pazzi stood up with a scuffle and stopped Chen Ping, “With your strength, breaking into the relics of the Heavenly Rune Sect, aren’t you afraid of dying inside?”
“What are you afraid of, don’t forget that with Blood Devil’s perverted physical body, this is a good shield, what organ or concealed weapon can hurt us?”
Chen Ping patted the Blood Devil’s shoulder and said to Hu Pazzi.
Hu Ma Zi slapped his head, “Also, how did I forget about this guy ……”
“Wait for me to pack up, we’ll leave right away ……”
In front of the woman and the Heavenly Rune Sect relic, of course Hu Pazzi had to choose the relic!
But just as Chen Ping was leading Pocky Hu and the others out of the main hall, he saw a woman with a group of people walking towards him!
The woman’s long white legs instantly made Pocky Hu’s eyes go straight!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, frowned because this woman was the one who had failed to snatch the Blood Demon’s flesh and escaped some time ago!
This woman had almost killed Pocky Hu, but at this moment, looking at Pocky Hu’s expression, he didn’t seem to be angry!
One pair of eyes was looking lustfully at the woman’s legs!
“Are you here for revenge?”
Chen Ping stepped forward and asked the woman.
With the Blood Demon around, Chen Ping was not afraid of these people at all.
The woman had a faint smile on her face, “Don’t be nervous, I’m not here to take revenge, I’m here to talk to you about something.”
“Looking for me to talk about what?”
Chen Ping was puzzled, not understanding what this woman wanted to talk to him about?
Besides, he himself followed that whatever Demon Spirit Sect and had no crossover!
The woman swept a glance at the crowd, and then said, “There are too many people here, are you planning to talk right here?”
Chen Ping looked, then said, “Come with me ……”
Chen Ping led the woman into a room, with Hu Ma Zi following behind, until Chen Ping closed the door behind him, then Hu Ma Zi reacted.
“D*mn, it’s so long and white ……”
Hu Ma Zi muttered!
And after entering the room, Chen Ping said with an icy face, “What’s the matter, just hurry up and say it, I don’t have much time to chat with you ……”
The woman wasn’t angry, her face still wore a faint smile, “My name is Zhou Jie, I was commissioned by my no patriarch to come over and follow Mr. Chen to talk about cooperation.”
“Cooperation?” Chen Ping looked Zhou Jie up and down, “Talking about what kind of cooperation? And what do we have to cooperate on?”
“We know some secrets that Mr. Chen doesn’t know, and we also know that Mr. Chen is troubled by his girlfriend’s matter recently, our Demonic Spirit Sect can help Mr. Chen solve all this ……”
Zhou Jie said indifferently.
“You guys are investigating me?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, it was obvious that this Demonic Spirit Sect had investigated itself.
“Of course, if you haven’t investigated Mr. Chen, what’s the point of talking about cooperation!”
Zhou Jie admitted it directly.
“You have investigated me, but I don’t know your Demon Spirit Sect at all, isn’t this kind of cooperation a little unfair?”
Chen Ping asked.
“If Mr. Chen is interested in cooperating, I can absolutely take you to our clan to take a look, for following Mr. Chen’s cooperation, we are sincere, so we have no reservations, you can rest a*sured of that.”
Zhou Jie said with a frank face.
“What benefits do you guys want from working with me? Is it because you want to obtain the flesh of that Blood Demon?”
Chen Ping had a curious look on his face!
There was no way that this Demon Spirit Sect was being generous with their kindness and following their cooperation, not wanting any benefits.
Zhou Jie nodded, “Not bad, we only wish to obtain the Blood Demon’s flesh, to put it in a way that Mr. Chen does not like to hear, the Blood Demon’s flesh in Mr. Chen’s hands is simply a waste ……”
“Although you have managed to refine the Blood Demon’s flesh into a puppet corpse, but it will never take too long, in this way, the Blood Demon’s flesh will be wasted, but if it comes into the hands of our Demon Spirit Sect, we have a way to make the Blood Demon’s flesh come to life.”
“But don’t worry Mr. Chen, when the time comes, our Demon Spirit Sect is Mr. Chen’s strong backing, what with the Kyoto Martial Alliance, you can always put him out of business ……”