“Don’t worry, I won’t leave ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile at Wang Han Han!
“Brother Chen, go?” Zhang Tongjian was the first to rush out of the room before turning back and shouting at Chen Ping!
That Sun Xiaomeng also looked back and found that Chen Ping was not moving, so he also shouted, “Chen Ping ……”
That boss Qian also saw that Chen Ping had no intention of leaving, so he said with a cold face, “What, you can’t let go of your little girlfriend and don’t want to leave, do you?”
The owner of the money said that he actually stretched out his hand towards Wang Han Han and touched towards Wang Han Han’s face!
Wang Han Han was so frightened that her face turned pale and she didn’t dare to move or dodge!
But just as Boss Qian’s hand was about to touch Wang Han Han, Chen Ping suddenly grabbed the wrist of Boss Qian: “I didn’t even think about leaving ……”
The only thing that could be heard was a cracking sound, and Chen Ping’s wrist was instantly crushed!
The intense pain caused Boss Qian to instantly howl, that heartbreaking howl sounded very seeping!
“Paralyzed, my hand is broken, let go or I’ll get you killed, and play with your girlfriend too ……”
Boss Qian’s face was full of fierceness as he hissed loudly!
Boom ……
Chen Ping kicked out and directly kicked at the lower body of Boss Qian, directly kicking that Boss Qian out.
And that Boss Qian was lying hunched over on the ground, his face turning saucy purple, with this kick from Chen Ping, he had directly made that Boss Qian lose his manhood!
Seeing this, Hou Chunlei’s anger rose, daring to hit his own customer in front of him, this made Hou Chunlei feel disgraced!
“Kid, you dare to make a move in front of me, you really have guts!” Hou Chunlei’s face was terribly grim and cold as he waved his big hand, “Shut the door, no one is allowed to leave ……”
Cui Zhiyuan and the others, who were about to leave, were all driven back and directly shut up in the office again!
This time, everyone waited indignantly for Chen Ping, if Chen Ping hadn’t pretended to make a move, they would have left by now!
“Chen Ping, what the f*ck are you pretending to be? This time we all can’t leave ……”
Cui Zhiyuan roared at Chen Ping!
Now that Chen Ping had beaten that Qian boss into such a state, this matter definitely couldn’t be put to rest, you said that people were loose, but this guy Chen Ping was pretending to be a p*ssy for a woman, now even they were dragged into it!
“Chen Ping, you want to die, than pull on us ah ……”
“That’s right, what do you mean by pretending to be a p*ssy, if you can fight, go fight on the street yourself ……”
“It’s over, this is going to be a disaster ……”
Everyone was pointing fingers at Chen Ping!
Even that Wang Lanlan was no exception, although she was the one left behind, when the time came, accompanied by a gla*s of wine, really can not be accompanied by a sleep, may also pa*s, but now, but now, beaten people into such a state, afraid that not a sleep can be solved!
Only Wang Han Han looked at Chen Ping worriedly, her eyes filled with tears and said, “Brother Chen Ping, I’m sorry, I’m sorry …………”
Wang Han Han knew that if it wasn’t for herself, Chen Ping wouldn’t have done it, this time it was possible that Chen Ping would have to go to jail, and he might even lose his life!
“It will be fine, don’t worry ……” Chen Ping smiled lightly!
Seeing that Chen Ping was acting like nothing was wrong, this time the others became even more angry, and their accusations and rants against Chen Ping became even more unpleasant!
And that Hou Chunlei’s face was getting gloomy: “Binzi, scrap this kid …………”
The first time I saw him, I was able to get to him.
If this punch hit Chen Ping’s head, it would definitely burst his brain on the spot!
When the crowd saw this, they were scared and dodged for fear that they would be splattered with blood, but Wang Han Han’s eyes were firm and she gritted her teeth and stood in front of Chen Ping!