But after thinking again and again, Jin Fusheng gave a couple of explanations and immediately went to the pier, boarded the boat and sailed out to sea.
He was going to find Chen Ping, after all, he dared not gamble on the life of the entire Jin family!
Just after Jin Fusheng left, inside a certain hotel room.
One of the disciples of the Heaven’s Destruction Sect hurriedly reported to Zang Qing.
“Sect Master, that Jin Fusheng has just left the sea in a boat, he should just be going to find that Chen Ping.”
The disciple reported.
“En!” Zang Qing nodded, “I didn’t expect this Chen Ping to be quite clever, he actually knew to hide at sea, no wonder he hasn’t been found for so long!”
During the time that Jin Fusheng went to the sea to look for Chen Ping, Zang Qing posted the news of the execution of Chen Ping on the Martial Dao Forum.
Soon, the news spread through the martial arts world, and everyone was a bit puzzled as to how the Heavenly Fury Sect, which had disappeared into obscurity, suddenly showed up and had to kill Chen Ping.
In fact, Zang Qing did not want to be so high-profile, after all, they were evil cultivators, so if they acted in such a high-profile manner, they might be hunted down by other sects and families.
But there was no way out, Zhu Zhishan had asked for this, so Zang Qing could only do as he was told!
The reason why Zhu Zhishan wanted this was so that no one would suspect them of the Martial Arts Alliance.
When Chen Ping died, it was also the work of the Heavenly Death Sect.
The reason for this is to keep people from suspecting that Chen Ping is dead.
…………
Kyoto Dragon Family!
Long Jingguo narrowed his eyes slightly after learning that Zang Qing of the Heavenly Fiend Sect wanted to execute Chen Ping: “It’s getting more and more interesting, even the Heavenly Fiend Sect has popped up.”
“It seems that the treasures on this Chen Ping’s body are indeed on people’s minds ……”
Long Jingguo had thought that the Heaven Fiend Sect’s Zang Qing wanted to kill Chen Ping, also for the Dragon Crystal on Chen Ping’s body.
Although many sects and families, too, wanted the dragon crystal on Chen Ping very much, but after all, they were all famous sects and there was still official control from above, so no one dared to openly post the news of killing Chen Ping in the Martial Dao Forum.
Even if these people wanted to kill Chen Ping, they would still act in secret and would not be so high-profile.
Otherwise they would soon be targeted by the officials, not to mention the fact that Chen Ping was still someone of special interest to Mr Shi.
But this Sky Destruction Sect was different, they were evil cultivators themselves and were not officially recognised at all.
So it didn’t matter if they talked about killing Chen Ping in such a high profile manner.
“Clan Master, this Heaven Fiend Sect is so high profile, does it have some kind of backstage behind it?”
Long Xingxu asked Long Jingguo in a very puzzled manner.
After all, now that evil cultivators were like rats in the street, everyone was shouting at them, and all the evil cultivation sects were all in hiding.
At this time, the Heavenly Fiend Sect was acting in a high profile, there must be a reason for that.
“Not necessarily a backstage, maybe this Zang Qing has stepped into Martial Marquis.”
“I remember that two years ago, this guy was already at the peak of Martial Sect, now counting the time, it is likely that he has entered the Martial Marquis realm!”
“But this guy does have a bit of a high profile, even if he has stepped into the Martial Marquis realm, acting in such a high profile will inevitably get him killed.”
Long Jingguo said indifferently.
“Then what should we do? Do we still need to send people to deal with that Chen Ping in secret?”
Long Xingxu asked.
Long Jingguo waved his hand, “No need for now, even if we don’t make a move, that Chen Ping will definitely not survive!”
…………
Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion!
The high-profile appearance of the Heavenly Fiend Sect’s Zang Qing had made Mr. Shi quite annoyed!
The evil cultivators were all so high-profile, so that was a dereliction of duty on their part as enforcers.
Looking at Mr. Shi’s ugly face, Zhao Wuji and a bunch of others, all of them did not dare to speak.
“Zhao Wouji, do you also not know the whereabouts of that Chen Ping now?”
Mr. Shi asked as he looked at Zhao Wouji.
Zhao Wouji shook his head, “Mr. Shi, I really don’t know where Chen Ping has gone into hiding.”
“Mr. Shi, since this Chen Ping came to Kyoto, he has turned the Kyoto martial arts community upside down and into chaos.”
“I think we should just get rid of him, many martial arts families now secretly want him dead.”
“With all these evil cultivation groups like the Heaven’s Destruction Sect popping up, I’m afraid that Kyoto will hardly be clean in the future.”
Xing Jun, who was beside Mr Shi, said.