Chen Ping nodded and then threw the skull into the ring and buried the bones in the mud at the bottom of the sea!
Whoever this person was, he was buried in the ground!
Chen Ping had no intention to follow the markings on the skull to find any relics or treasures, because he had no time to spare and he had to get back to Kyoto as soon as possible so that he could attend the Secret World Conference!
“Brother Chen Ping, Master Hu, what have you found?”
When he saw Chen Ping and Hu Puzi returning from the sea, Long Xing Xu was curious and asked.
“Nothing, just a skeleton, if I had known I wouldn’t have gone along ……”
Hu Pazi said.
“Let’s hurry up, we have to get back to Kyoto as soon as possible!”
Chen Ping urged to get on the road!
After disembarking, the men took a plane and flew back to Kyoto!
While Chen Ping and his team were rushing back to Kyoto, a dark cloud began to hang over the Tian Lei Sect.
When he found out that Chen Ping’s strength had surpa*sed the peak of the Ninth Grade Martial God, his face turned very ugly!
“De Fa, De Fa …………”
At this moment, Tong Hai Yang’s wife ran in anxiously, “De Fa, I heard that you were injured, are you alright? How come you can’t even beat a kid?”
“Sister-in-law, I’m fine ……” Wang Defa shook his head!
And when Tong Ocean saw how concerned his wife was about Wang Defa, there was a strong anger in his eyes, but he kept it at bay!
“Defa, here’s a Qi Qi pill, take it and get some rest ……”
Tong Ocean pulled out a green pill and said to Wang Defa.
“Thank you, big brother ……” Wang Defa gratefully took the pill and swallowed it without hesitation!
When he saw Wang Defa swallowing the pill, a cold smile appeared on Tong Yang’s face!
After swallowing the pills, Wang Defa felt a surge of pain in his internal organs, followed by severe pain!
Wang Defa spurted out a mouthful of blood and then fell to the ground, his eyes looking at Tong Yang in disbelief, “Brother, what …… are you giving me to eat?”
“The first thing you need to do is to take this pill. The child ocean coldly smiled and said.
“De Fa, De Fa ……” Tong Ocean’s wife was full of nervousness, then looked at Tong Ocean with anger and said, “Tong Ocean, what are you doing?”
“What am I doing? Of course I’m killing him.” Tong Haiyang snorted coldly.
“Brother, why, why are you doing this?”
Wang Defa asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“You still have the face to ask why?” Tong Hai Yang’s eyes gaped, his body full of anger instantly exploded: “You two dogs are working together and cuckolding me, do you think I don’t know?”
“That Tong Youcai is your child, it has nothing to do with me, so don’t think I don’t know.”
“The reason why I let him go to the Water Fairy Palace is because I knew that it was dangerous and he would probably die there.”
“I was so happy to see him dead. Besides, I let you go after Chen Ping because I wanted to kill you by Chen Ping’s hand, but I didn’t want him to kill you and let you come back seriously injured.”
“Since he didn’t kill you, but I won’t let you live either, after all these years, I will cut you all into pieces!
The aura of Tong Haiyang rose up like an explosion and instantly enveloped the two men!
Wang Defa’s face turned as ugly as possible when he saw that things had gone bad!
The wife of Tong Hai Yang was begging for mercy, “Hai Yang, I’ve made a mistake, please don’t kill me, I won’t dare to do it again ……”
“I don’t want to kill you, but you have already conspired to kill me, thinking that you can escape my eyes and ears!”
“Dogs and men, go to hell ……”
With a wave of his palm, a huge force instantly crushed his wife and Wang Defa into a pile of mush!
The man’s wife and his righteous brother died in a tragic manner, but he seemed to be out of breath and kept swinging his fist, causing the whole room to collapse!