Early the next morning!
Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong got up early, they had bought tickets for a luxury cruise, and last night, Gu Wentian had booked one for Gu Ling’er as well!
“Ling’er, it’s been a long time since you’ve accompanied grandpa on a cruise too, so let’s have a good two days of fun this time.”
Gu Wentian gave Gu Ling’er the boat ticket he had bought.
Gu Ling’er had followed Chen Ping here this time, she was afraid that Chen Ping was in some kind of danger, if she followed Gu Wentian and the others, then how else could she find Chen Ping.
“Grandpa, I ……”
Gu Ling’er wanted to push back, but she didn’t know what to say.
“Me what me, don’t you want to hang out with grandpa and resent him for being old?”
Gu Wentian asked with a stern face.
“No, no ……”
Gu Ling’er waved her hands repeatedly!
“No then come with us!”
Gu Wentian pulled Gu Ling’er up without a word and left.
Soon, the group arrived at the pier, which was at this moment crowded with people, there were quite a few boats moored on the sea, among which was an immense and very luxurious cruise ship, the one Gu Mantian and his group were on!
The ticket price of this ship was not low, so there were not many people at the boarding gate of this cruise ship, but all of them were people of status, and looking at the clothes on each one of them, they knew that they were worth a lot of money, after all, ordinary people could not afford to ride on such a luxury cruise ship!
After they had checked their tickets and boarded the ship, Gu Ling’er kept looking back to see where Chen Ping was!
But with thousands of people at the pier, it would be like looking for a needle in a haystack to find one person!
“Ling’er, what’s wrong with you today? Are you looking for someone?”
Gu Wentian saw that Gu Ling’er kept looking back and asked.
“No, I’m just looking around!”
Gu Ling’er hurriedly squeezed out a few smiles.
Standing on the deck of the cruise ship, looking at the cruise ship that had slowly started, Gu Ling’er was still worried about Chen Ping in her heart.
Zhao Wuji had told her that that Ning Zhi was a very sinister person, which was why Gu Ling’er was so worried.
Just as Gu Ling’er was worrying about Chen Ping, her body suddenly shook as she sensed three auras approaching her side!
Most of the people on this cruise ship were ordinary people, even if there were some martial artists, they were only some internal martial artists, there were very few Zongshi even, on this cruise ship, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng’s strength would be able to crush the crowd.
However, these three auras, Gu Ling’er could feel that the strength was in no way lower than her own.
When Gu Ling’er looked along these three auras, she was surprised to find that it was Chen Ping and the others!
As soon as she saw that it was Chen Ping, Gu Ling’er wanted to hide, Chen Ping had instructed her not to come, and she was afraid that Chen Ping would get angry if she followed them secretly now!
But at that moment, Chen Ping also spotted Gu Ling’er, and when Chen Ping saw Gu Ling’er, his whole body shook slightly, but he didn’t go over to follow Gu Ling’er and greet her!
“Brother Chen, what’s wrong?”
Sensing Chen Ping’s strange appearance, Ning Zhi spoke up and asked.
“Oh, nothing, maybe the sea breeze is a bit cold, let’s go back!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Alright!” Ning Zhi nodded his head.
But just as Chen Ping and the others turned around to return to the cabin, someone suddenly shouted out towards Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping ……”
Immediately afterwards, several people hurriedly headed towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping turned his head to look and his brows instantly furrowed.
He saw that Su Wenzong, Gu Wentian and Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng were walking towards him with happy faces!
When things had come to this point, it was obviously impossible for Chen Ping to pretend that he didn’t know them even if he wanted to.
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er had no choice but to follow them over.
“Uncle Su, ancient …………”
Chen Ping could only walk up stiffly and greeted after Su Wenzong and Gu Wentian.
“Chen Ping, I didn’t expect such a coincidence that you were also here, it felt coincidental enough that we ran into Ling’er last night, I didn’t expect to run into you today ……”
Gu Wentian said in a surprised voice.