Chen Ping was even more puzzled and confused as he listened to the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
If this scroll was a suppressive object, how could there be no aura fluctuations at all?
And this kind of scroll that suppresses demons, how could it appear in a very ordinary disciple’s compound?
This is not in line with common sense ah, according to say that this should be placed in the entire sect’s most tightly guarded room is right!
Although Chen Ping did not say anything, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was aware of Chen Ping’s doubts!
“I guess the reason why this scroll does not have the slightest fluctuation in aura is to prevent someone from probing into it, there must be someone who wants to save the person that this scroll is suppressing.”
“That’s why the Wuji Sacred Sect made this scroll without any aura fluctuation at all, so that it would be hard for people to find out that such a scroll with no aura fluctuation would be the item of suppression.”
“There’s also the fact that it was placed in an ordinary disciple’s room, it should also be for the purpose of confusing the other party, the other party definitely wouldn’t think that such an important object would be stored in an ordinary disciple’s room.”
“Perhaps, the destruction of the Wuji Sacred Sect is related to following the man on the scroll ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord analysed, but he didn’t know the specifics and was only guessing!
“The person that this scroll suppresses, what exactly is that person? It makes such a large sect nervous!”
Chen Ping was puzzled, but he did not know the person in the scroll, so he put that scroll away for the time being!
At this moment, Ouyang Zhenhua and the others had followed them, and without waiting for Chen Ping to speak, they began to scavenge!
Since Chen Ping had come to see it first, they assumed it was safe!
If there were any good things, Chen Ping got his hands on them first, and it was quite good for them to just pick up some of the melons, after all, without Chen Ping, they couldn’t even enter!
Chen Ping on the other hand, continued to start exploring the other courtyards, although the previous two courtyards did not get much, there were array discs and scrolls, although Chen Ping could not use them now, it did not mean that they could not be used in the future!
Chen Ping led Bing Lu and the girls all the way deeper, the deeper into the clan, the more shocking the wreckage was, the more seriously it was damaged, almost not a single intact house could be seen!
However, what made Chen Ping a little strange was that, deeper into the land of the clan, there was not a single corpse to be seen!
Even after many years, the corpses had decayed, but the white bones should be able to remain!
However, not even the bones could be seen!
This is very strange.
The once prosperous Great Sect was now in a state of disrepair!
The Great Hall of the Wuji Holy Sect also collapsed, and at the location of the Great Hall, there was a deep pit several miles in circumference, as if it had been smashed out by something!
This was also the place where the battle was the most intense, as even the remnants of the walls were gone, turned into ashes!
“You guys should not follow me, wait here, I will go and take a look in this deep pit.”
Chen Ping was curious to know what exactly was it that could smash the Great Hall of the Wuji Sacred Sect into a deep pit in one go!
Bing Lu nodded, they knew that following Chen Ping to explore the unknown area would not only not help Chen Ping, but would instead add to his troubles!
Chen Ping carefully walked into the deep pit!
But just after walking in, Chen Ping felt a cold aura!
Although this Wuji Sacred Sect was in the Chaotic Land in the middle of the Southern Region’s Polar Regions as well as the Northern Region’s Ice Plains, it wasn’t cold at all, and within this Chaotic Land, it seemed to be unaffected by the Southern Region and the Northern Region!
However, when Chen Ping walked into this deep pit, he felt a cold aura!
As Chen Ping continued to go deeper and deeper into the pit, he ended up having to utilise the Supreme Fire within his body to ward off the coldness!
“How strange, how can it be so cold here?”
Chen Ping was very puzzled!
Soon, Chen Ping arrived at the bottom of the large pit, the bottom was all covered with the remains of the great hall, while Chen Ping searched carefully!