“Patriarch, we’ve been around for nearly a hundred years, and this is the first time we’ve shown our faces, as long as we capture that Chen Ping this time, we’ll be able to freely enter and exit the Demon Sealing Alliance, and we won’t be locked up in a dungeon!”
A devil cultivator behind the hunchbacked old man said with some excitement!
“Tian Luo, Tian Sha, you two have followed me for so many years, why are you still so attached to the outside?”
“What’s so bad about the dungeon of the Demon Sealing Alliance? We haven’t lacked any resources in these hundred years, and we still have a clean slate.”
After the hunchbacked old man finished speaking, he then glanced at the heavenly and earthly visions and continued, “Tian Luo, you go to the place of the heavenly and earthly visions to find out what’s going on, don’t just start a conflict!”
“I’ll take Heavenly Fury and go to Qi Jia Town to take a look, since that Chen Ping was able to kill a first grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm with a single sword, his strength is definitely not below yours.”
“You mustn’t be careless, although we are under the Demon Sealing Alliance nowadays, we are not the dogs of the Demon Sealing Alliance, before you do anything, you must make sure that you are safe.”
“I’ll remember the Sovereign’s teachings!”
After Tian Luo finished speaking, his figure flickered away, heading towards the land of the heavenly and earthly visions!
The hunchbacked old man, on the other hand, led Heaven’s Fury to Qi Jia Town!
It had to be said, that the hunchbacked old man had a bit of a brain, although people had to bow their heads under the eaves, he also clearly positioned himself, and was by no means a dog of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Not long after Tian Luo’s figure disappeared, Chen Ping sat in the dirigible and furrowed his brows violently!
“Ji Yun, be careful, there is a mysterious aura approaching us ……”
Just as Chen Ping’s words had just fallen, a figure had stopped in front of the blimp!
This person was holding a blood red longsword, with black mist surrounding his body, it was none other than that Heavenly Luo!
This place was nearly ten thousand miles away from that Germanium Lu Mountain, so if one flew there, they would definitely consume a lot!
Now that there was a dirigible appearing, of course Tian Luo was going to take the dirigible!
“I didn’t realise that in this barren eastern region, there are still airships, I’ll take a ride for a while, I don’t know if it’s possible?”
Tian Luo held his long sword and asked loudly to the airship!
Ji Yun looked at Chen Ping, he did not know how to reply!
After all, the aura that erupted from Tian Luo’s body was a little frightening!
Moreover, this Tian Luo looked like a demonic cultivator at a glance, and Ji Yun did not dare to answer easily without knowing the other party’s identity!
“When did a devil cultivator of such a realm appear in the Eastern Domain? Seeing that this devil cultivator should have reached the second rank of the Mahayana realm strength?”
Zhu Qingxiu said with a frown!
She had now recovered to the first rank of the Mahayana realm strength, and her kind of realm was considered an expert in the Ten Thousand Swords Sect!
One must know that the Ten Thousand Swords Sect had an extremely high status in the entire Eastern Region, and if it wasn’t because of the Demon Sealing Alliance, the Ten Thousand Swords Sect wouldn’t have been able to be overthrown!
However, now, the appearance of a Second Grade of the Mahayana Realm Demon Cultivator caused Zhu Qingxiu to be a little surprised!
Chen Ping did not speak at this time either, facing the devil cultivator in front of him, Chen Ping had no way of knowing the identity of the other party for a while!
Although the devil cultivator was not a bad person, Chen Ping did not know if this devil cultivator was someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
If it was someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance, then it would be troublesome!
After all, the Demon Sealing Alliance also kept a large number of demon cultivators!
“Damn, can’t I hear you when I speak? Since you’re not going to do anything until you’ve honoured me, don’t blame me for being impolite.”
When Tian Luo saw that the people in the dirigible never responded, he was instantly enraged!
The blood-red longsword in his hand chopped towards the blimp with a single stroke!
Faced with this sword, Ji Yun was startled and scrambled to manoeuvre the blimp to avoid it!
And when Zhu Qingxiu saw this, her entire body leapt out and the longsword in her hand chopped out instantly!
Rumble!
The two sword lights violently collided together, and Zhu Qingxiu’s body was instantly sent flying!
And when Tian Luo saw this, his face changed slightly, “Someone from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect?”
Zhu Qingxiu stabilised his stance and looked at Tian Luo angrily, “Since you know that I’m from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, why don’t you quickly get lost, or else I’ll let you die without a burial place!”
Zhu Qingxiu wanted to use the Ten Thousand Swords Sect to scare the other party, since the other party knew that he was a disciple of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, he must have known how powerful the Ten Thousand Swords Sect was!