General Xing, on the other hand, hurriedly got up, his face full of astonishment, “I didn’t think that Fellow Daoist Chen was really extraordinary, ah, just at the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm realm, but he was able to easily defeat that Mahayana Realm fourth ranked cultivator!”
“Quickly, please sit down, please sit down ……”
General Xing’s attitude towards Chen Ping had undergone a great transformation, even those other guest ministers were showing respect in their eyes towards Chen Ping at the moment!
As for the fourth ranked cultivator of the Mahayana realm who followed Chen Ping’s move, at this moment, his face was full of shame as he walked up to Chen Ping and said, “Just now, I was reckless, please don’t blame Fellow Daoist Chen!”
“It’s fine!”Chen Ping casually waved his hand!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I wonder if you still have friends and family? Where have you been living ah?”
General Xing asked!
He was curious to know if Chen Ping still had any clansmen around, if he was able to recruit a group of Dragon Clan guest ministers, then his strength would definitely increase greatly compared to the other two generals!
“I live in no fixed place, I am just a casual cultivator!”
Chen Ping said!
There was no way Chen Ping would tell his true identity to this General Xing, if he let this General Xing know that he had come in from outside the Beast City, that would be troublesome!
“Oh, it turns out that Fellow Daoist Chen is a casual cultivator, but to be able to cultivate to the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm with the strength of a casual cultivator is considered to be exceptionally gifted.”
“I wonder what Fellow Daoist Chen’s future plans are? May there be a place to go ah?”
General Xing asked!
“Where is there a place to go, I’m still in the body of a criminal, I still have to go to jail!”
Chen Ping let out a bitter smile and said!
“Jail?”General Xing froze, “Didn’t I already have Bai Cheng take an amnesty order and bring out fellow Daoist Chen, how is there still going to jail?”
General Xing did not know that Chen Ping had sneaked out on his own and thought that Bai Cheng had brought him out with the amnesty order!
“General, the matter is like this …………”
Seeing this, Bai Cheng hurriedly followed General Xing and told him everything!
When they heard that Chen Ping had run out from inside the dungeon by himself, everyone was stunned!
Knowing that there were two formations inside the dungeon, there were formations in the cell, and there were formations around the entire dungeon, how could Chen Ping have passed through the two formations without a sound and come out easily?
One must know that in the thousands of years of this dungeon, not a single prisoner had been able to run out privately!
“Could it be that you are still a formation master?”
General Xing looked at Chen Ping and asked with a face full of surprise!
“Formation master is not counted, I just know a little bit about the art of formations, like the formations within that large prison, they are simply child’s play, they can’t stop me.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, everyone frowned slightly!
One must know that the formation masters in the entire Celestial Realm were pitifully few and far between, and when this area of Beast City was closed off by formations, there weren’t many formation masters that existed within the entire Beast City area!
The formations around the Beast City’s Grand Prison were still laid down more than a thousand years ago when the City Lord’s Mansion had spent a heavy bounty on a Formation Master in the entire Beast City region!
Now Chen Ping even said that the formations around the Grand Prison were just child’s play, this was a little too crazy!
Although Chen Ping was of the Dragon Race and was able to defeat a Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivator at the 9th Grade of the Ferrying Realm, it did not mean that Chen Ping was all-powerful.
Regardless of whether it was Formation Technique or Alchemy Technique, they were both very difficult feats, much more difficult than simply cultivating and upgrading!
Moreover, formation arts or alchemy arts were very time consuming, so many cultivators were unwilling to practice them, and wished to spend their time on breaking through realms!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, this general’s residence of mine is also protected by formations around it, I wonder if you can tell where this formation of mine is and break the formations around it?”
General Xing asked to Chen Ping.
“How difficult is that ……” Chen Ping smiled faintly, then gently waved his palm!
Only to see the entire surrounding of the General’s Mansion, a white light flashed up, which was exceptionally bright in the darkness of the night!
However, this white aura was only a flash and then disappeared without a trace!