On the other side, Chen Ping and the others were resting.
Fire Phoenix had ridden onto Chen Ping’s body “Master, let me give you a good relaxation and unwind ……”
Fire Phoenix looked at Chen Ping with a thousand charming and tender eyes!
Looking at the appearance of the fire phoenix, Chen Ping helplessly smiled and said “Fire phoenix, are you letting me relax, or do you want to suck my blood dry?”
“Master, don’t you like to follow me to the top of the Ultimate World?”
The Fire Phoenix had an aggrieved look on its face!
“Like it, of course I like it ……” Chen Ping said, and with a roll over, he pressed Fire Phoenix underneath him again!
But just at this moment, the door of the room was knocked on!
“Mr Chen, Big Uncle has something going on and asked us to come over ……”
Ji Yun said outside the door!
“Good!” Chen Ping answered and then quickly got up!
Fire Phoenix could only follow and sit up with a helpless face!
Walking out of the room, Chen Ping asked “What exactly is it?”
“It’s probably the matter of the prescription, there are some immortal herbs that can’t be bought ……”
Ji Yun said!
“Can’t buy?” Chen Ping frowned “According to the saying, although these immortal medicines are rare, but there are many mountain ranges around this Yellow Blue City, so it shouldn’t be impossible to buy them.”
A few people walked towards Ji Lian Jun’s mansion as they spoke!
“Ji family master, what’s going on?”
Coming to Ji Lian Jun’s residence, Chen Ping asked!
“Cheng’er, explain after Mr Chen!”
Ji Lian Jun said to Ji Cheng!
“Mr Chen, the prescription you have prescribed, there are several types of immortal herbs that can be bought, but there are several types of immortal herbs that there is no way to buy.”
Ji Cheng said!
“What? Could it be that this huge Yellow and Blue City does not have these types of immortal herbs?” Chen Ping asked in surprise.
“That’s not true, to buy these several types of immortal herbs, it is only possible if the pharmacist personally goes to buy them, and if it’s not a pharmacist, it won’t be sold to, even if I move the Ji family out.”
“This Pill Master Association has a very high status in our Yellow and Blue City, especially since there is also a Pill Zun in attendance, so we can’t use force ah.”
Ji Cheng said awkwardly!
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately laughed and said, “So that’s how it is, it’s not that simple, I’ll just take a trip with you.”
Chen Ping did not expect that this Yellow Blue City’s Pharmacist Association was quite formal, just like many pharmacies in the secular world, some prescription medicines, could not be casually sold to ordinary people, they needed to have a list issued by a doctor before they could be used!
“Then I would like to thank Mr Chen ……” Ji Lian Jun said very politely!
“It’s just a matter of lifting my hand!” Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping asked Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix to stay at the Ji Family while he headed to the Pill Masters Association under the leadership of Ji Cheng!
Apothecaries had a relatively high status throughout the Celestial Realm, otherwise that Jade Tripod Sect would not have been able to survive sandwiched in the middle of the Ming Li King City and the Demon Emperor City!
Soon, the two arrived in front of the Pill Master Association’s gate, where many people wearing Pill Master garments entered and exited with condescending looks!
Don’t look at the low strength of these pharmacists, but their status was very high!
Because everyone might get injured and sick and poisoned, and by this time, life and death are in the hands of this pharmacist!
Therefore, no one was willing to offend these pharmacists.
Ji Cheng brought Chen Ping into the pharmacist association, although those pharmacists looked arrogant, but after seeing Ji Cheng, they all greeted him warmly!
After all, the Ji family was a big family in Yellow Blue City, and it was also the actual controller of Yellow Blue City!
After Ji Cheng led Chen Ping into the Apothecary Club, he directly came to a counter that sold medicinal herbs!
“Prince Ji, is this the Apothecary who gave you the prescription?”
A female pharmacist smiled and asked Ji Cheng!
“Yes, this Mr Chen is the pharmacist, can we purchase the herbs for the prescription now?”
Ji Cheng asked!
“Of course you can, but you still need this gentleman to show the pharmacist token, in our Celestial Realm, every pharmacist has a token, and it is common to all five domains!”
The female pharmacist still smiled and said!