“Mr. Chen, rest assured, since I’ve promised to serve you for three hundred years, during that time, no matter who threatens you, I’ll protect you with my life, even if it means fighting to the death!”
Li Chunfeng said to Chen Ping with utmost seriousness!
Chen Ping gave Li Chunfeng a grateful look, then nodded.
“Me too…”
Seeing this, Nan Batian hurriedly chimed in!
“Don’t worry, stick with me, and you won’t be in mortal danger. If someone threatening me is too strong, naturally, there’ll be others to deal with them.”
“I’ve got more than just you two backing me up, you know!”
Chen Ping said with a slight smile!
“Chen Ping, let’s get out of here, I keep feeling like it’s too scary!”
Lin Keting, having witnessed heavenly punishment for the first time, was thoroughly spooked!
Chen Ping nodded, and with a flash, the group vanished from the second level of the Heaven-Ascending Ladder, returning to the Celestial Realm!
Lin Chong and Wuji Daoist were astonished to see Chen Ping and the others emerge again!
They’d cleared the second level so quickly, and now Chen Ping had a sword cultivator with an immortal air about him by his side!
Alongside them, a crowd of cultivators from the second level of the Celestial Realm appeared, including Ning Zhi and Su Yuqi, who were teleported out as well!
The glowing gate of the second level of the Heaven-Ascending Ladder slowly faded, a sign that its guardian was no more!
Ning Zhi stared at Chen Ping in disbelief, especially at the new sword cultivator beside him!
“Senior Sister, let’s head to the third level…” Ning Zhi didn’t say much, instead leading Su Yuqi towards the next stage!
The other cultivators, after thanking Chen Ping, leapt up to the third level as well!
“Li Sword Immortal?”
Wuji Daoist froze upon seeing Li Chunfeng!
Clearly, Wuji Daoist recognised Li Chunfeng!
“Wuji Daoist? I never imagined you’d be trapped in the Celestial Realm, no wonder I haven’t seen you in years.”
Li Chunfeng was equally shocked to see Wuji Daoist!
“How did you end up inside the Heaven-Ascending Ladder?”
Wuji Daoist asked, puzzled!
“Made a little mistake, got slapped with a Great Dao imprisonment seal, and ended up locked in the ladder!”
Li Chunfeng said, a touch embarrassed!
“What kind of mistake?”
Wuji Daoist asked curiously.
“Well…” Li Chunfeng couldn’t exactly admit he’d been caught peeking at women bathing!
“Daoist, let’s not pry, we should head back to base first, rest up a bit, then I’ll tackle that third level!”
Chen Ping stepped in to smooth things over for Li Chunfeng!
“Mr. Chen, the guardian of the third level is bound to be incredibly strong. Though your strength is impressive, passing the third level might be a stretch!”
“I suggest you recover first, then train some more. I can help you hone your sword intent, Mr. Chen.”
Li Chunfeng said to Chen Ping!
“And I can help Mr. Chen temper his physique!” Nan Batian added!
“Fair enough, the Heaven-Ascending Ladder will be around for three months, so there’s no rush!”
Chen Ping nodded!
After two consecutive battles, Chen Ping’s energy was indeed heavily depleted, he’d need time to recover properly!
The group returned to the Dao Sect, where the number of cultivators had dwindled, most having flocked to the Heaven-Ascending Ladder!
Chen Ping rested while sparring with Li Chunfeng to sharpen his sword intent!
He also clashed head-on with Nan Batian to toughen his body!
At the back mountain of the Dao Sect, clouds churned like a boiling sea.
Li Chunfeng pointed two fingers like a sword, his intent un unleashed, yet the century-old pines on the cliff’s edge already shed their needles in a rustling shower.
Chen Ping stood still, eyes closed, his green blade humming ceaselessly in his sleeve, as if a starry river hung inverted along its spine.
“Watch closely!” Li Chunfeng suddenly slashed out with his fingers, a blinding sword beam tearing through the mist, only to dissolve into countless glowing butterflies three inches from Chen Ping’s brow.
In a flash of inspiration, Chen Ping swept his sword in a circle, drawing all the scattered sword intent into its orbit. Where his blade pointed, the sea of clouds coalesced into nine white flood dragons, soaring into the sky.