Feeling that killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, Guo Wei did not dare to be slow, his body glowing with a faint white light as he gritted his teeth and said, “You have repeatedly provoked me, if I don’t kill you today, how can I convince the public in the future?”
Chen Ping ignored Guo Wei as the power of the divine dragon encircled his fists, and a deafening dragon roar rang out as Chen Ping’s aura skyrocketed.
A body that shone with golden light, exploding with infinite power!
Boom boom boom …………
Chen Ping swung out three punches in a row, and with each punch, a golden dragon flashed out, the strong wind whistled and the void trembled!
“Seeking death ……”
Seeing this, Guo Wei also violently swung his fists against each other, each of Guo Wei’s punches, like a speeding cannonball, ruthlessly smashed into Chen Ping’s fist!
Rumble …………
A sound exploded, heaven and earth crumbled, the Great Dao roared, and the endless waves of Qi directly lifted many people in the stands to the ground.
Even though Long Xiao’s strength was infinitely close to the peak of Martial Sect, he was still inferior to Guo Wei!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, as if the spiritual energy in his body didn’t want money, he punched out one punch after another, a dragon roar resounded through the sky, shaking everyone’s heart!
Guo Wei’s brow furrowed and the power in his hands swung out, soon, cold sweat actually appeared on Guo Wei’s forehead!
On the contrary, Chen Ping’s whole body was almost manic, a golden dragon hovered above Chen Ping’s head, and every punch he swung carried a dragon roar!
However, at this moment, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body was getting dimmer and dimmer, and the sound of the dragon’s roar was no longer deafening.
Soon, after swinging a dozen punches, the golden dragon hovering above Chen Ping’s head disappeared, and that divine dragon’s power was also depleted after Chen Ping’s such desperate exertion, and the spiritual power within Chen Ping’s dantian had dried up!
Even if Chen Ping had more spiritual energy, it would be difficult for him to support himself even if he fought against Long Xiao and Guo Wei!
However, at this moment, Guo Wei’s body was swaying, and it was obvious that he was also running out of stamina.
“Ah …………”
After Chen Ping used up the last trace of spiritual energy in his body and threw a punch!
His body finally couldn’t support itself and he half-kneeled on the ground at once, the cold sweat on his forehead was even lowered like rain!
Guo Wei’s face turned pale as he was knocked back by the punch, gasping for air.
Guo Wei’s face was fierce at the moment, and his eyes were full of killing intent!
He could not wait to go over and slap Chen Ping to death right now, but at this moment, the energy in his body was also almost depleted.
“This Chen Ping is too strong?”
Everyone looked at Chen Ping in shock!
One person had fought against Long Xiao and Guo Wei in succession, and had managed to harden Guo Wei’s body’s energy and deplete it!
“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were red, then he rampaged against Guo Wei like a brute bull!
Without his spiritual power, Chen Ping relied on this strong body to fight Guo Wei, even if he had to use his teeth, he would still want to avenge Su Yuqi!
Looking at Chen Ping, who was rushing towards him like a madman, Guo Wei gritted his teeth and brought up his last ounce of energy to slap Chen Ping’s shoulder fiercely!
Ka-chow ……
With a crisp cracking sound, Chen Ping’s shoulder was directly shattered, but Chen Ping didn’t stop, instead he rammed his head into Guo Wei’s head viciously!
Such a savage and desperate strike sent shivers down everyone’s spine!
Guo Wei’s head was instantly smashed into his head, and his face was covered in blood, which looked very creepy!
Wiping a handful of blood from his head, Guo Wei was instantly furious!
“I’ll kill you ……”
Guo Wei roared, as a councilor of the Alliance, everyone respected him, where had he ever been so humiliated!
And now Chen Ping actually made him lose face in front of so many people.
And to make him have to fight after Chen Ping like a reckless man!
“I’ll kill you too ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes widened in anger, and at this moment, he had long been ready to fight to the death.
Guo Wei fiercely bit the tip of his tongue and a stream of blood shot out, followed by the aura within Guo Wei’s body beginning to soar.