Qi Peijia looked at Chen Ping with fear in his eyes!
In the Divine Demon Battlefield, Qi Peijia could beat Chen Ping around like a dog chasing a rabbit!
However, it had only been a short ten days or so, Chen Ping’s strength had grown so much that he was afraid!
“Chen Ping, you and I have no grudges, I won’t fight with you today, and the grudges between the two of us will be cancelled, how about it?”
Qi Peijia asked to Chen Ping.
Listening to Qi Peijia’s words, Chen Ping laughed!
“Do you want to be shameless? When I was not as strong as you, you chased me like a lost dog, and now that I am stronger than you, you want to write me off?”
“Why do you have such a big face? Did you learn to be shameless in that Devil Swallowing Cave?”
Chen Ping was mocking at Qi Peijia!
“Cough cough …… kid, you scold him just scold him, don’t bring along old man, old man didn’t teach him, it’s all self learnt in his cave.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with great dissatisfaction in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Qi Peijia was red in the face and thick in the neck by Chen Ping’s words, but he still suppressed the anger in his heart and said “Chen Ping, your current status, if you fight with me and attract other people, do you think you can still escape?”
“You are a walking resource pool, a hundred year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, how many people are red in their eyes ……”
Qi Peijia wanted to use this to threaten Chen Ping and prevent him from making a move!
“You think I will be afraid?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
Qi Peijia knew that it was impossible for Chen Ping to let him go today, so he stopped talking and the aura on his body began to rise.
Since there was bound to be a battle, he would fight for his life, and perhaps there would be a chance to escape!
Seeing Qi Peijia preparing to make his move, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, disdain in his eyes!
After all the humiliation in the Divine Demon Battlefield, Chen Ping could now get it back!
That Lan Yingying felt the aura on Qi Peijia’s body and was nervous inside!
“If the two of us do it together, we might still have a chance to escape!”
Seeing that Qi Peijia was about to make a move, Lan Yingying said to Chen Ping!
“Escape? Who is escaping? Is he the one who escaped?”
“Didn’t you just hear that he begged me not to beat him?”
“Now that you’re like this, can you make a move? Once you do it won’t it all be exposed, aren’t you afraid of people watching?”
Chen Ping looked at Lan Yingying and said indifferently!
For Lan Yingying, although Chen Ping could not say that he disliked it much, he did not like it much either!
Blue Yingying’s few words had killed two Saint Maidens, and Chen Ping had always held a grudge!
Listening to Chen Ping’s words, Lan Yingying fell into silence!
She was currently unclothed, if she did it, she would definitely be naked, wouldn’t she be seen naked then!
Whoosh!
In an instant, Qi Peijia moved, while Chen Ping was talking after Lan Yingying!
This was the best opportunity for Chen Ping to be distracted so that he could be taken by surprise!
Qi Peijia’s body erupted with a shocking aura, casually striking out a black mist that tore through the void!
In front of Chen Ping, Qi Peijia’s Heavenly Underworld Eyes and Black Demon Armour were of little use!
So he could only choose to sneak attack!
“Be careful ……”
Lan Yingying didn’t expect that this fellow, Qi Peijia, would take advantage of the gap in Chen Ping’s speech to engage in a sneak attack and hurriedly reminded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was not panicking, his palm instantly waved, and a flame swept away like a huge wave!
For a moment, the sky was red, half of the sky had turned red!
Looking at the huge wave of flames in front of him, Qi Peijia was dumbfounded!
This Chen Ping’s strength had been so outrageous that he could not even imagine it!
At the third rank of the Transition Realm, he had actually erupted this kind of appalling Supreme Fire Blaze!
As for the people from the five great clans who were a hundred miles away from Chen Ping and the others, they were resting at the moment, and when they saw that suddenly the sky was reflecting red, they knew that someone was definitely erupting into battle!
If there was a fierce battle, then there was only one possibility that they were fighting for treasures!