“This Song Qingping, it’s been days, and there’s nothing at all!”
Ning Zhi looked at South Lake City and was very dissatisfied.
They had been waiting for news of Song Qingping, but it had been several days, and they hadn’t seen any movement from Song Qingping!
Now Ning Zhi and the others still didn’t know that Song Qingping was long dead by now!
The whole Demon Spirit Sect was also undergoing a major overhaul, and Deacon Lu began to bloodily purge some of the cronies Song Qingping had left behind.
Boom!
Suddenly, there was a deafening explosion in mid-air, and colourful light shot out in all directions!
And in the midst of the light, an elixir wrapped in golden light all over emitted scorching heat like the sun!
This glow compared to the sun in the sky!
“Could that be the divine elixir?”
Ning Zhi looked in astonishment at the elixir emanating light in mid-air.
Immediately afterwards a figure rushed up into the sky and reached out towards the elixir to grab it.
Soon, the elixir was grasped and the radiant light disappeared instantly, restoring calm to the entire mid-air!
Chen Ping opened his hand and looked at the elixir that was emitting a faint golden light, his heart was incomparably excited!
“This …… is the Purple Sun Pill?”
Chen Ping was filled with excitement and his body was trembling slightly!
He knew that this single Purple Yang Pill would be able to raise his strength from the middle stage of a Grand Martial Marquis to the late stage, or even to the peak of a Grand Marquis!
In fact, in refining this Purple Sun Pill, Chen Ping had taken a gamble, knowing that there was no 100% success rate in refining pills, and the higher the grade of the pill, the greater the chance of failure!
If Chen Ping just absorbed and refined the 10,000 year old He Shou Wu, the increase in strength would not be great, but refining it into this Purple Yang Pill would be different and would allow strength to soar!
If he failed, not only would Chen Ping not get the Purple Yang Pill, he would also lose the 10,000-year-old He Shou Wu, and even his spiritual energy would be wasted.
But this time, Chen Ping was right, and it was also due to the divine Cauldron, the ancient divine Cauldron, which was no joke.
Chen Ping slowly dropped down with the Purple Sun Pill, Hu Ma Zi and Jiang Wei had long since rushed up!
“Chen Ping, you …… are making a divine pellet?”
Hu Puzi asked with an excited face.
Chen Ping smiled faintly and nodded his head.
“You kid, you are too bold to refine a divine pellet, if this fails, that is ten thousand year old He Shou Wu, won’t it be wasted, you really dare to gamble!”
Hu Ma Zi said with a pang of fear.
“Isn’t life a gambling game? How can anyone know what their future will be like.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“You’re awesome, if it were me, I definitely wouldn’t dare ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a thumbs up.
At this time, Zheng Anguo and Zheng Kai also arrived, and after seeing Chen Ping, Zheng Anguo’s eyes were filled with a strong look of envy!
“Mr. Chen, congratulations, congratulations, congratulations on your joy of obtaining the divine elixir.”
Zheng Anguo hurriedly said congratulations!
“Same joy, same joy, I promised to refine the Sanyuan Dan for the Zheng Family Master, I’ll write a prescription, you can go and prepare the materials.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Since he had promised, Chen Ping would do it, and now that the divine Nong Cauldron was around, the Sanyuan Dan could be refined a little easier!
Although that Sanyuan Pill was not a divine Pill, it was still an Earth-rank Pill, and it would help a lot in improving strength!
As soon as Zheng Anguo heard this, he nodded excitedly, “Good, I’ll go prepare it right away!”
Chen Ping wrote a prescription for Zheng Anguo, and Zheng Anguo immediately mobilised the entire South Lake and started searching for the herbs on the prescription!
It only took half a day to get the herbs together, so it was clear that Zheng An Guo was not a city lord for nothing.
That night, Chen Ping used the Divine Peasant Cauldron to practice the Sanyuan Dan for Zheng Anguo, and Chen Ping incidentally also practiced a few great tonic pills for Pocky Hu!
If Hu Pazi was so desperate to play with his life, it was estimated that by the time he died, his kidneys would be finished!