A Martial Saint Weapon is just a weapon used by a Martial Saint expert, and because of years and years of use, the Martial Saint Weapon possesses Martial Saint Power within it!
However, when the Martial Saint’s power is depleted and there is no way to replenish it, the Martial Saint Artifact will also shatter.
Nie Cheng smiled awkwardly, “Even if it’s a Martial Saint Artifact that can be used once, it’s still worth a lot of money.”
But Chen Ping casually threw that Vajra Mortar and Pestle to that Nie Cheng and sneered, “I am not a junkyard here, and I am not a rubbish collector, so take this rag of yours back.”
The crowd was all very shocked to see that Chen Ping had actually referred to the Martial Saint Artifact as rags!
That Nie Cheng, on the other hand, frowned as his aura began to rise, a momentum that swallowed mountains and rivers, instantly enveloping the entire hall.
It was obvious that this Nie Cheng’s aura was quite a bit stronger than Chen Ping’s!
“If you want to fight, then let’s go out and don’t ruin my things here, or you won’t be able to afford to pay for them.”
Chen Ping did not care in the slightest about the aura on that Nie Cheng’s body.
Seeing this, Nie Cheng slowly withdrew his aura, then said to Chen Ping, “Then whatever Mr. Chen wants, as long as our Martial Alliance has it, I will definitely give it to you, as long as our two families live in peace.”
“I want his life, do you give it?”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at Ning Zhi.
With this, he had sort of put Nie Cheng in his place, but it scared Ning Zhi to death.
If Nie Cheng agreed to this, wouldn’t he be dead?
“Alliance Master, don’t believe this kid, he’s all a bunch of nonsense, last time he pitched us an ancient ruin address.”
Ning Zhi was really afraid that Nie Cheng would agree to Chen Ping.
“Mr Chen, I’ve come with sincerity and want to make peace with you.”
Of course Nie Cheng knew that Chen Ping was playing a trick on him, but he still said with a faint smile.
“I’m getting along with your mother ……” Chen Ping’s face turned cold and his foul mouth burst out, “Locking up my girlfriend for so long and now you want to get along with me peacefully? As long as I, Chen Ping, have a breath, the Martial Alliance is my lifelong enemy, and I will not rest until you are exterminated.”
“Don’t be in my way here, get lost quickly, or don’t blame me for being ungracious.”
This scolding by Chen Ping shocked many of the guests.
It was obvious that the aura on that Nie Cheng was extraordinary, and his strength must be very strong, and Chen Ping had the audacity to do so!
Hearing Chen Ping’s insults, Nie Cheng’s face turned ugly.
“Chen Ping, I hope you won’t be insensitive, with just you, you’re not qualified to follow the Martial Alliance in a fight.”
Nie Cheng said in a cold voice.
“Not qualified enough?” Chen Ping laughed coldly, “Since you are not qualified, why are you running here? Don’t think that I don’t know about your Martial Dao Alliance’s little sh*t.”
“Your Martial Alliance is just a bunch of spirits controlling it, if I am right, you also have a spirit inside you, right?”
“After I absorb all these old guys who have survived for thousands of years, let’s see what else your Martial Alliance can do.”
Chen Ping directly revealed this scandalous matter of the Martial Dao Alliance in public!
When the crowd heard Chen Ping say this, they were all astonished!
“Nonsense, I’ll see if I don’t teach you a lesson, I really think we are afraid of you ……”
With that, the aura on Nie Cheng’s body began to explode, and throughout the hall, the temperature plummeted!
Some of those with low strength felt difficulties with each other, as if they had fallen into an ice cave!
Chen Ping’s eyes stared, a golden light appeared on his body, resisting the aura to death!
But Chen Ping did not make a move, to do so here would be a failure of this ceremony today.
The battle was about to start when a breeze suddenly blew by, and the aura of Chen Ping and Nie Cheng instantly dissipated!
Nie Cheng frowned and looked directly at the door!
“It’s such a lively day, how come there are still people looking for trouble? Is the law and order of my Kyoto martial arts community this bad nowadays?”
As a loud voice rang out, followed by Mr. Shi slowly walking in!