Gu Ling’er’s home!
At this time Gu Ling’er some bored watching TV, home sprayed with some perfume, thinking that in a while Chen Ping will live with himself, Gu Ling’er’s heart is still a bit torn!
Knock, knock …………
Suddenly, the knock on the door sounded, Gu Ling’er thought it was Chen Ping coming back, muttered and got up, “This guy Gu Feng didn’t know to send you back, if I wasn’t home, let’s see how you can get in!”
Gu Ling’er said and opened the door to the room, but after the door opened, there were surprisingly two men in suits standing outside, two men with indifferent faces.
After seeing Gu Ling’er open the door, a man in a suit spoke, “You’re Miss Gu Ling’er, right?”
“Not bad!” Gu Ling’er nodded her head.
“We are from the Jiang family, our master invites you over!”
The man in the suit said, surprisingly, he directly reached for Gu Ling’er, without any intention of inviting her at all!
Gu Ling’er’s heart was shocked and her body quickly stepped backwards, trying to close the door behind her.
But it was already too late, the two men in suits had already rushed in!
“Do you know that you are trespa*sing? I am a member of the Dharma Protection Court?”
Gu Ling’er’s face turned a little ugly as she reprimanded the two men in suits.
But the two men in suits didn’t seem to be afraid at all, and they directly attacked Gu Ling’er!
Gu Ling’er flickered again, grabbed the wrist of one of the men in suits, and with a fierce borrowing of strength, her body leapt up directly and kicked at the other man in suit!
However, Gu Ling’er’s foot was just kicked out, but someone grabbed her ankle and pulled it violently, Gu Ling’er’s body was unstable and she fell to the ground directly!
Immediately afterwards, two men in suits, one on the left and one on the right, grabbed Gu Ling’er’s shoulders and lifted her up with force, making her unable to move!
“Let go of me, you b*****ds, let go of me …………”
Gu Ling’er struggled, but it wasn’t the slightest use!
The difference in strength between her and the two men in suits was a bit too great, she was no match for them!
“Miss Gu, if you behave yourself, we won’t hurt you, if you try to resist, we won’t be polite!”
One of the men in suits said with a cold look in his eyes.
Seeing the look in the man in the suit’s eyes, Gu Ling’er shut her mouth in fear and let the two men escort her out the door!
But just as she reached the door, she ran into Chen Ping who had returned from the bar!
“Chen Ping …………”
Seeing Chen Ping, Gu Ling’er shouted hastily!
Chen Ping froze and swept a glance at the two men in suits, and after the two men in suits looked at each other at the same time, one of them kicked towards Chen Ping without a word.
“Be careful, they’re from the Jiang family!”
Gu Ling’er warned Chen Ping.
Seeing this, the other man in the suit who was holding Gu Ling’er saw this and struck him with a hand slash to the back of the head, and Gu Ling’er then pa*sed out!
This time, the two men in suits attacked Chen Ping together!
Chen Ping’s eyes were cold as he directly met them, his hands reached out and grabbed the wrists of the two men in suits, and the two men’s forms instantly came to an abrupt halt!
“This …………”
The two men in suits showed panic in their eyes, although the two of them were not considered experts in the Jiang family, but when the two of them joined forces, even an internal martial artist could put up a fight.
But facing Chen Ping, the two men were surprisingly restrained as soon as they struck, this shocked the two men in suits!
Ka-ching …………
Without the slightest hesitation or mercy, Chen Ping directly broke the two men are wrists!
“Ah …………”
Harsh, miserable cries, emanated from the two men’s mouths as cold sweat instantly flowed out!
“What are you guys doing grabbing Gu Ling’er?”
Chen Ping asked to the two men in suits.
“We don’t know …………”
The two men in suits shook their heads at the same time.