Hai Dafu exerted all his strength and erupted an aura shield, trying to block Chen Ping’s punch!
However, he had been following the Ice Bear Monster for a long time and had consumed a lot of his spiritual energy, so even if he exploded all of his strength to form an aura shield, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to block Chen Ping’s blow!
Accompanied by an explosion of golden light, Chen Ping’s punch easily penetrated through the aura shield and fiercely bombarded Hai Dafu’s body!
Hai Dafu’s body, like a kite off its string, flew out into the distance!
In mid-air, Hai Dafu’s mouth sprayed blood as he traced an arc!
Hai Da Fu’s body smashed heavily on top of the rock wall, and the entire small mountain rumbled!
Seeing this scene, Patriarch Yue and Patriarch Yang glanced at each other and turned to run!
The matter had been revealed, and for them to stay would be death!
“Hmph, still wanting to run, how can it be that easy!”
Patriarch Luo snorted coldly as his body leapt up, stopping the two in their path!
The surrounding Ice Bear Monsters were watching intently!
“Patriarch Luo, we were wrong, this matter was all planned by that Hai Dafu.”
“For the sake of us being from the same clan, spare us this time!”
The two of them, Patriarch Yue and Patriarch Yang, begged at Patriarch Luo!
Hai Dafu had been punched down by Chen Ping and didn’t know if he was dead or alive, so how could they still have the guts to kill Patriarch Luo!
Patriarch Luo looked at the two of them, his eyes filled with anger and said, “If you had admitted your faults earlier, I wouldn’t have laid my hands on you, after all, we have worked together for many years.”
“But you guys went so far as to poison Patriarch Chen for the sake of profit, this is unforgivable, if our ancestors were alive, they wouldn’t be able to forgive you!”
Seeing this, the two of them, Patriarch Yue and Patriarch Yang, knew that Patriarch Luo was going to put them to death today, so they clenched their teeth and said, “Fine, since you’re so desperate, then we’ll fight!”
With that, the two of them directly moved against Patriarch Luo!
Although Patriarch Luo had been promoted to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, he had just been promoted, and the two of them could completely handle it by joining forces!
Just as the two of them made their move, a shadow arrived in an instant, Chen Ping had already arrived at Patriarch Luo’s side, Chen Ping’s eyes flickered with a refined aura of killing intent!
The Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand emitted a buzzing sound, seemingly somewhat impatient!
“You two, you seem to have forgotten about me ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
Seeing Chen Ping, the two men’s hearts tightened, but things had come to this, so they could only fight!
“Kill ……”
The two .Roared and came towards Chen Ping and Patriarch Luo!
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with disdain, the current him was not something that could be dealt with at the 8th rank of the Transitional Abstraction Realm!
Some time ago, he had been forced into a sorry state!
In just a few days, Chen Ping could ignore these people!
The Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand erupted into a wave of heat, and a blazing to fire rose up!
Chopping out in a smooth motion, a fire dragon roared out!
That Patriarch Yue faced the fire dragon and stomped his feet violently on the ground, and a wall of earth suddenly emerged from the ground!
The hard ground was directly lifted up under the feet of this Patriarch Yue!
However, this earth wall was like fragile paper in the heart of Chen Ping’s fire dragon, it did not play any role at all!
Boom!
The fire dragon penetrated Sovereign Yue’s body and instantly burned!
“Ah …………”
Patriarch Yue screamed miserably!
Patriarch Luo looked at him with some impatience, then leapt up and slapped his palm down towards that Patriarch Yang!
Patriarch Yang also put his best foot forward and slapped his palms against each other!
Boom!
With a dull sound, that Patriarch Yang’s body was instantly plunged into the ground, leaving only half of his body exposed!
That Patriarch Yang was spitting blood from his mouth, his mouth was open as if he was begging for mercy, and he couldn’t say a single word!
Patriarch Luo turned around in an intolerant manner and directly left!
Chen Ping was able to resolve the matter behind him!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, pulled out a handful of red powder and threw it out towards the mid-air!
Those poisonous insects and ice bear monsters, hissed and rushed over.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, used his Royal Fire Steps to leave, leaving behind the dying Hai Dafu and Patriarch Yang, being torn apart by the Ice Bear Monsters and the poisonous insects.