“What’s wrong? Is there something on my face?”
Su Mengmei touched her face, panicking a little in her heart, and hurriedly inhaled the smell from the toilet twice, it was gone ah, she had just finished using the toilet quickly, the reason she had to wait for half an hour was because she was worried that the smell would be too strong for Chen Ping to smell and ruin the image in her heart.
Now looking at Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er’s dazed look, Su Yuqi was confused.
“No, no, no, look at this look on you ……” Chen Ping held her shoulders and pushed her to the mirror.
“Yuqi, you …… are living a different person, your skin is now more delicate and tender than a baby’s ……”
Gu Ling’er said in a side full of envy.
Su Yuqi was also dumbfounded when she saw the person in the mirror.
Is this her?
Oh my god!
This was too good looking!
The person was still the same, but her body was incredibly translucent, her skin was blown out, even her body was much more delicate, as long as a man saw it, he couldn’t help but look at it a few more times.
“Chen Ping what the hell is going on here? You still have beauty benefits with this Marrow Cleansing Pill?” Su Mengwei was so excited that her body trembled, I’m afraid that this skin of hers is no better than that of a newborn baby.
Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief, took Su Mengwei’s hand and gently took her pulse to check the condition of her body, and indeed he saw that the meridians in Su Mengwei’s body were softer, and more importantly, there was not a single impurity in her body, her whole body was like a newborn baby.
In an instant, Chen Ping thought of the Marrow Cleansing Pill, which was to remove impurities from the human body and return one to the state of birth.
Only in such a state could one know if one could step into the immortal cultivation world and practice immortal cultivation techniques.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping was so excited that he clenched his fist, if Su Yuqi could successfully step into the immortal cultivation realm as well, then they could be divine mates forever!
“This Marrow Cleansing Pill is really a good thing!”
Chen Ping’s heart was agitated.
Su Yuqi also felt Chen Ping’s emotional excitement, and she understood that this was definitely the effect of the Marrow Cleansing Pill
Su Yuqi didn’t blame Chen Ping for making her have diarrhea, and directly hugged Chen Ping in front of Gu Ling’er.
But just as the two were hugging each other, Gu Ling’er hurriedly separated the two.
“Ling’er, what are you doing? Are you jealous?” When Su Yuqi saw Gu Ling’er separating her and Chen Ping, she said with a playful smile on her face.
“Jealous of you, you big head!” Gu Ling’er gave Su Yuqi a white glance before looking at Chen Ping and reaching out to grab Chen Ping’s clothes.
Chen Ping was startled and backed up in fear: “Ling’er, what are you doing? I am a decent man, not to mention that Yu Qi is still here, how can you do this ……”
The first time I saw you, I was in the middle of a fight. I just want to get the Marrow Cleansing Pill back ……”
After Gu Ling’er finished speaking, she directly took out the Marrow Cleansing Pill from Chen Ping’s pocket and swallowed it in one gulp without hesitation.
Soon after, Gu Ling’er also frowned and hurriedly ran to the toilet.
This left Chen Ping and Su Yuqi standing outside the toilet. When Chen Ping was about to go up and hug Su Yuqi, he was pushed away by Su Yuqi.
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping with a cold face and said, “Let me ask you, what did you mean just now? Is it that if I am not here, you can follow Ling’er like that?”
“What kind? What did you say? I didn’t understand any of it, don’t you dare set me up ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes dodged, not daring to look at Su Yuqi, he walked straight to the living room and sat down on the sofa.
“Humph, there is no man who is not a philanderer ……”
Looking at Chen Ping, Su Yuqi pouted, but didn’t really get angry.
In fact, even if Chen Ping really did something with Gu Ling’er, Su Yuqi felt that she could still accept it, as long as Chen Ping had himself in his heart.