If there were only people from the Ghost Fiend Sect and their strength was not too strong, Chen Ping could go to the rescue, if the other party was too strong, there was no way that he would let the Holy Maidens go and risk their lives!
These holy daughters were the foundation for the development of the Guanghan Palace, the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace trusted Chen Ping and handed over all these holy daughters to Chen Ping, Chen Ping could not let them go and take risks!
“Although that Ghost Fiend Sect has come with a hundred people, there are only two elders leading the group, all of whom are at the eighth level of the Transition Realm.”
“If they hadn’t laid down the Ghost Fiend Formation for a sneak attack, we wouldn’t have been afraid, but now that Patriarch Luo and the others are trapped in the formation, they will be in danger at any time.”
Patriarch Chen said!
Once Chen Ping heard that two Transition Realm Eighth Grade Elders were leading the team, he couldn’t help but raise the corner of his mouth slightly, it seemed that this Demon Sealing Alliance had really underestimated themselves!
Elders of the eighth grade of the Transitional Apparition realm, also dared to send out to chase after themselves!
However, this was good, the more the Demon Sealing Alliance underestimated themselves, the safer Chen Ping would be!
“Bing Lu, you take everyone and wait here, without my order, you are not allowed to go anywhere, I will go and rescue Patriarch Luo!”
Chen Ping said to Bing Lu!
“Mr Chen, we will go with you, the Palace Master has explained that he wants us to protect you!”
Bing Lu hurriedly said!
“Alright, you guys don’t argue, I can still go faster if I go by myself, you guys can just guard here!”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he then grabbed Patriarch Chen and performed his Royal Fire Steps, his figure instantly disappearing!
Bing Lu and Lan Yingying and the others looked at each other in disbelief, not knowing what to do for a moment!
Should they follow them, or not?
Just as they hesitated, Chen Ping had long since disappeared without a trace, so they could not follow even if they wanted to!
Patriarch Chen felt the whistling in his ears and couldn’t help but be dumbfounded, knowing that within this polar region, there was a very powerful suppression of cultivator flight!
If he hadn’t blown up his own physical body and let his residual soul fly out, there was no way to fly for a long time and still be so fast.
But the current Chen Ping, and this physical body, seemed as if flying was not affected by anything!
Patriarch Chen did not know that Chen Ping’s Royal Fire Steps was not simply flying, but rather using spatial arts, it was just jumping forward, not flying!
At this moment, hundreds of miles away from Chen Ping and the others, an area was shrouded by a thick black mist, which emitted a thick, gloomy and cold aura, an aura that was even more piercing than the bitter cold of the poles!
The wind whistled, and a ghostly cry rang out in that black mist, making people tremble with fear.
Within the black mist, all kinds of spirits tumbled, constantly changing their appearance, and the sinister aura was as if it had reached the depths of hell!
These severe spirits were constantly attacking, sometimes appearing, sometimes hiding within the black mist!
Patriarch Luo, on the other hand, was leading the surviving dozens of disciples, struggling to hold on in the black mist!
A ray of spiritual light continued to shoot out, decapitating those attacking ghosts!
However, after the severed ghosts dissipated, they instantly coalesced again!
In this way, Patriarch Luo and the others could only keep consuming the spiritual energy in their bodies, while the Ghost Fiend Sect’s people were using this formation to hide on the side and watch the joke!
“Big brother, it won’t take long for the people of these five great sects to die of exhaustion and weakness themselves, there’s no need for us to make a move!”
A hunchbacked old man said with a smirk as he faced a man in a black robe!
“Truly the heavens have favoured us, we originally came here to search for that Chen Ping, but we didn’t expect to run into the people of the five great sects here.”
“This time, our Ghost Fiend Sect’s grudge following the five great sects can be settled.”
The black-robed man said excitedly!
“Big brother, but just now, the Chen Patriarch of the Celestial Chen Sect blew up his flesh and escaped with a wisp of his residual soul, so he wasn’t able to stop him.”
The hunchbacked old man said!
“It doesn’t matter, what else can a remaining wisp of residual soul do, even if it escapes back to the five great clans, it’s meaningless.”
“Tell your men to speed up their attacks now, once we’ve wiped out the people from the five great sects, we’ll go to the bottom of that cracked valley to take a look.”