Wang Shuo shot a glance at Duke Xuan Yuan and said with a cold face, “Do you want to stand up for them? Let me tell you, my father is …………”
Before Wang Shuo could finish his words, he only saw the old man behind that Xuan Yuan Gongzi, suddenly waved his hand, and a few meters apart, that Wang Shuo’s body instantly flew backwards out.
In a flash, he fell from the first floor to the first floor, and then fell fiercely onto the floor of the first floor, his entire body bleeding from seven orifices, his face hideous, dead beyond belief.
At this moment, the dozens of men that Wang Shuo had brought with him saw this and turned their heads in fear, running away without a trace in a quasi instant.
Xuan Yuan Gongzi swept around, and all those martial artists who had just been up in arms were now all slinking back to their rooms, seeing that they were very afraid of this man in front of them.
“Hello guys, my name is Xuanyuan Kai ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai extended his hand towards Su Yuqi and the girls, only to receive nothing but blank stares from Su Yuqi and the girls in return.
Originally, the three of them wanted to take out their anger on Wang Shuo’s gang to vent their grief and anger, but they didn’t want this Xuan Yuan Kai to come out and act like a big tail, dashing the three of them’s idea of taking out their anger.
When Chen Ping saw this, he also walked out of the room, and after taking a look at that Xuanyuan Kai, he took Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er’s hands and said, “Come on, let’s go back to our room ……”
“Humph ……” Xiao Ru angrily snorted coldly towards that Xuanyuan Kai and also followed Chen Ping and the others back to the room.
Xuan Yuan Kai froze for a moment, watching Chen Ping take Su Yuqi and the girls into the room, and after closing the door behind them, his eyes were slightly confused.
“Young master …………”
The old man behind Xuanyuan Kai stepped forward slightly and shouted in a low voice.
Xuan Yuan Kai waved his hand, “What I have my eye on will never get away, it’s too late today, let’s talk about it tomorrow ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai turned around and left.
Inside the room, Gu Ling’er blushed slightly and shook off Chen Ping’s hand, just now Chen Ping grabbed her and Su Yuqi’s hands in one go, causing Gu Ling’er’s heart to tighten and her heart to almost skip a beat.
“Sorry, I just did it casually, I didn’t mean to ……”
Seeing Gu Ling’er’s blush, Chen Ping hurriedly explained.
Gu Ling’er shook her head, but stole a glance at Su Yuqi, she was afraid that Su Yuqi would be jealous.
Only at this moment, Su Yuqi was dumbfounded and did not react.
“Yuqi, what’s wrong with you?” Chen Ping also noticed that Su Yuqi seemed to be in a bit of an off mood and asked.
“Nothing!” Su Yuqi shook her head hurriedly.
“By the way, did Old Dragon Head tell you guys something? What did you guys promise him?”
Chen Ping then remembered what Old Leader had said before he died.
“Nothing, it’s too late, you go and rest, we need to rest too ……”
Su Yuqi pushed Chen Ping out of the room.
At this time, Wu Mei’er also returned to the room, the four girls inside a room, the atmosphere instantly became depressingly stagnant.
No one spoke, only the sound of each other’s breathing could be heard.
It was a while before Su Yuqi spoke, “Ling’er, if anything happens to me, I hope you can help me take care of Chen Ping ……”
“Yu Qi, don’t talk nonsense, didn’t that Dragon Steward say that you don’t necessarily have to offer yourselves, maybe without your help, Chen Ping can get the Dragon Crystal himself ……”
Gu Ling’er said comfortingly.
Su Yuqi smiled, she knew this was Gu Ling’er comforting herself.
“Ling’er, life and death has a destiny, I never thought I was some kind of fire spirit body, but now that I am, then I am willing to give my all for Chen Ping without any complaints ……”
Su Yuqi smiled, but with a somewhat sad smile.
For a while, none of the four girls were talking, but Wu Mei’er was a little puzzled as to what charm this Chen Ping had that would make the girls willing to give their lives for him.