Soon, five figures appeared, suspended in mid-air, looking at Chen Ping and his gang of bereaved cultivators!
Now the Golden Furies didn’t even put these people in their sights!
They were the prey, and the five of them were the hunters!
“What are you waiting for if you don’t suffer death meekly?”
“If you kill yourselves, it will still hurt a bit, but if you let us brothers do it, you will be miserable.”
The Golden Fury looked at the crowd and snorted coldly!
“Cut the f*cking crap and do it ……”
Ning Cai Chen instantly drew his longsword and leapt up to follow that Golden Fury in battle!
Ji Yun, Old Sun and the others, all the cultivators all went all out and ran towards the Five Elements Heavenly Furies since!
Everyone exerted their maximum strength, each one defiantly!
Chen Ping was their last hope for survival, and they couldn’t let him be disturbed!
But without Chen Ping in their ranks, they were no match for the Five Elemental Heavenly Furies!
Soon there began to be casualties among the cultivators.
Although they knew they were no match, no one retreated!
All they could do now was to stall for Chen Ping, and that was all they could do.
They were going to die anyway, but there was still a ray of hope if they fought for their lives!
“You rubbish, to be so desperate ……”
Fire Fury was grumpy and yelled!
He didn’t expect these cultivators to be so desperate when they were clearly outmatched, it simply infuriated him!
The melee continued, but Chen Ping was still sitting on the sidelines, not moving a muscle, not even opening his eyes!
I don’t know how long had passed!
Several cultivators had already been killed and others were wounded!
Ning Caixin was struggling against the Golden Furies!
Ji Yun and Old Sun are also battered and bruised, making it difficult for them to fight any longer!
Not many of the Gao family members that Gao Qisheng brought with him are left either!
“Mr. Chen, wake up, wake up quickly ah ……”
Ji Yun yelled, if Chen Ping didn’t wake up, all of them were afraid that they would all die!
Boom …………
Just as Ji Yun’s words fell, a sudden burst of terrifying aura erupted!
Immediately afterwards, we saw Chen Ping open his eyes, and a ray of light shot out from his eyes!
A powerful force gushed out from within Chen Ping’s body!
This power was centred on Chen Ping and surged in all directions!
Seeing Chen Ping awake, Ji Yun and the others were all instantly overjoyed!
The Five Elemental Heavenly Furies, on the other hand, turned pale and were instantly knocked out by that powerful force!
The Five Elemental Heavenly Furies were all pale and their eyes were filled with surprise at this moment!
The power of their breath alone had caused the five of them to fly out of the room instantly, so this strength could be imagined!
“What a powerful force, what is this guy up to?”
Fire Fury’s eyes were filled with horror!
How could a fourth ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm explode with such an aura!
They still didn’t know that Chen Ping’s body had long since fused with the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan!
“You five ignorant little children, as cultivators, but you help the enemy and are bent on helping the demon race, you should simply die ……”
Chen Ping slowly got up, his body slowly hovering in mid-air as he looked at the Golden Furies and the others and said!
Several people looked at Chen Ping and listened to the tone of Chen Ping’s speech, all of them were dumbfounded!
“Kid, you don’t need to pretend to be a god here, Laozi ……”
The Golden Fury roared at Chen Ping unhappily!
Slap …………
But before the Golden Fury could finish his sentence, he only saw Chen Ping’s palm wave in the air!
The Golden Fury instantly received a slap, and his entire body fell heavily to the ground, blood spurting out of his mouth!
With this, the rest of the Five Elements Heavenly Furies were instantly stunned!
This was f*cking outrageous!
A great cultivator of the ninth rank of the Harmony Realm had been thrown off by a fourth rank of the Harmony Realm cultivator with a slap, or a slap in the air!
How is that possible?
“If you dare to disrespect the old man, I’ll kill a few of you and go after that beast ……”
Chen Ping finished his sentence and slowly raised both palms!
The Five Elemental Heavenly Furies then felt a mighty pressure like a mountain, causing them to gasp for air instantly!