“The formation pattern that this guy cast just now, I also feel that it’s somewhat familiar, as if I’ve come across it somewhere before, or else you can use your Heavenly Underworld Eyes to take a closer look at it!”
“Maybe we can find out a way to break the formation pattern, this statue was formed by combining tens of thousands of formation patterns, as long as we break the formation pattern, then the statue will be useless!”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Right, I also felt something familiar just now, but I couldn’t recall it for a while.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he opened his Heavenly Underworld Eyes, and the heavens and earth instantly turned grey in Chen Ping’s eyes!
Seeing Chen Ping in that manner, Mu Qiufeng this was a cold snort and said, “Do you want to find out the formation pattern on the statue and then crack it?”
“Let me tell you, you don’t need to waste your efforts, this is made with tens of thousands of formation patterns combined, even if you break one formation pattern by chance, what can you do?”
“And it’s impossible for you to break a single formation pattern, because these formation patterns were all passed down by the Formation Demon Ancestor himself.”
Mu Qiufeng had a condescending look on his face, and was not the least bit afraid of Chen Ping’s probing, nor did he put up a fight.
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly put back his Heavenly Underworld Eyes!
“F*ck …… I said how do I have a familiar feeling, but this can’t be the array devil himself, obviously it’s not right, these array patterns are not even one tenth of that array devil.”
“Obviously passed on for an unknown number of generations, was treated as a treasure by you guys, but also array devil pro pass on, really f*cking shameless.”
“I’ll show you what is a formation devil personally transmitted formation pattern ……”
As soon as Chen Ping heard that it was a formation devil’s formation pattern, he immediately laughed!
Regardless of whether it was the Divine Pattern Ancestor’s Divine Patterns or the Formation Devil’s Formation Patterns, Chen Ping had learnt from them personally!
And he had also fused the various divine patterns of the two men, and now this statue of Mu Qiufeng was nothing more than a broken thing that the disciple of the Formation Demon had made!
Chen Ping, if he had detected the formation pattern of the Formation Demon, where would Mu Qiufeng have been able to pretend to be such a half-hearted person!
“You less f*cking bragging, array demon ancestor personally transmitted array pattern, how can you kid will it, and array demon ancestor is the heavenly realm of the people, you a district of the sixth grade of the transition realm guy, still can go to heaven not!”
Mu Qiufeng didn’t believe that Chen Ping would know the formation patterns passed down by the Formation Devil himself!
He was even more unaware that the Formation Demon was actually not in the Heavenly Realm, but had been trapped in the Celestial Realm all along!
“Believe it or not, you’ll know if you’ve seen it!”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently and drew his finger out of thin air!
A formation pattern slowly appeared and then headed towards Mu Qiufeng!
Mu Qiufeng looked at the drifting formation pattern and had no intention of dodging!
He didn’t believe that Chen Ping could unravel the tens of thousands of formation patterns on his own statue with a single stroke of his hand!
The formation pattern that Chen Ping had drawn slowly fell onto Mu Qiufeng!
Mu Qiufeng, however, did not feel the slightest sensation, and the huge statue did not change in any way!
“Hahahaha, is this what you said, a formation pattern personally passed down by the true Formation Demon Ancestor?”
Mu Qiufeng laughed madly, his eyes filled with contempt and disdain!
As for Chen Ping, he only laughed and did not say anything!
But soon, Mu Qiufeng’s laughter came to an abrupt end!
Only to see the formation patterns on the statue’s body begin to flicker, and immediately after that, one by one, they began to dissipate!
Along with the dissipation of the formation patterns, the huge statue was slowly collapsing!
Mu Qiufeng’s main body was also slowly revealed at the same time as the statue collapsed!
“What …… is going on here?”
“Impossible, this is impossible ah, how could you possibly know the Formation Demon Ancestor’s own formation pattern?”
Mu Qiufeng desperately exerted all sorts of means, wanting to stop the statue from collapsing and the dissipation of the formation pattern!
However, it was useless, and after only a few breaths, the tens of thousands of formation patterns on the statue were all undone and slowly dissipated!
And the huge statue also slowly disappeared, not even a trace of debris remained!