“No more dog food here, I’m going to check on my own two little darlings ……”
Hu Ma Zi said and hurriedly ran towards his room!
Chen Ping and the others didn’t stay on Ice Bear Island for too long, but followed Anna directly to the capital of the Bear Kingdom in a special plane to treat Anna’s father, Duke Rose!
Originally, Pocky Hu didn’t want to go, but once he heard Anna say that the women in the capitol were even more beautiful and developed, Pocky Hu couldn’t wait to come along!
When they got off the plane and saw the motorcade that greeted them at the airport, the crowd really appreciated, in the true sense of the word, how awesome the Royal Family was!
A dozen Rolls-Royces were lined up to greet them, and there were even hundreds of guards on both sides to maintain order!
This kind of pomp and circumstance was not something they could do.
But when they arrived at Anna’s home, these people were even more shocked!
For Anna’s home was actually a castle covering thousands of acres!
All the girls were immediately attracted to the beautiful castle and were excited to take pictures of it!
Anna arranged for someone to entertain Gu Ling’er and the girls, and sent someone to entertain Hu Ma Zi alone.
She then ushered Chen Ping into the castle to prepare his father for his medical appointment!
Inside Duke Rose’s room, that Anna’s brother, Prince Hal, was also there and there was a wizard with various headdresses spraying some kind of liquid on Duke Rose’s body!
“What are you doing ……”
Anna, seeing this, rushed straight up and pushed the sorcerer aside with one hand!
And that Prince Hal, upon seeing Anna, his whole body was astonished!
“Anna, when did you …… you come back?”
Prince Hal asked.
He thought that Anna should have died in Ice Bear Island long ago, and for the matter of the Ice Bear Island relics, Prince Hal obviously hadn’t gotten the news yet.
Anna gave her brother a cold look, although she knew that Prince Hal was sending people after her, but Anna had no proof, so she couldn’t do anything about it.
“Brother, what are you doing when father is seriously ill?”
Anna questioned at Prince Hal.
“Healing of course, father is sick and you are running out to play, so I have to find someone to heal father.”
Prince Hal replied.
“A cure? A cure by this man who is not a man?”
Princess Anna said as she pointed at the wizard.
“Shut up, this is a master I hired from abroad, he has the art of raising the dead, he can definitely save father’s life, if you keep talking nonsense like this, get out!”
Prince Hal said, glaring at Anna angrily.
“I don’t think you’re trying to cure father at all, are you? You are trying to get father killed.”
Anna was all angry, she couldn’t understand why she could harm her own father for the sake of power.
“What are you babbling about? Father is about to get well and it’s all because you’re here to make trouble, get out of here ……”
Prince Hal scolded at Anna.
But Anna wouldn’t go at all, she didn’t believe her brother would cure her father!
“Anna, I’m telling you, now that my father is seriously ill, I’m in charge of this house, you’re just a girl, sooner or later you’ll have to marry someone else.”
“If you are good and obedient, I can let you continue to be a princess, if you don’t, don’t blame me for being unkind ……”
Prince Hal grimaced as he sort of followed Anna and completely tore up her face!
“I am not going to leave, I am going to watch how you cure my father!”
Anna said with a firm attitude.
Seeing Anna’s firm attitude, Prince Hal did not ask him to go out, but looked at the wizard and said, “Master, please do something to save my father’s life.”
As he spoke, Prince Hal gave a wink to the sorcerer.
But this small gesture did not escape Chen Ping’s two eyes!
Just as the sorcerer was performing the puja on Duke Rose, Prince Hal gave Chen Ping a cold sweeping glance and did not care.