Tiger Li Daxian’s face was very ugly and his hand holding the scepter was trembling faintly!
On the side, Du Ziteng and Du Nan’s father and son saw this scene, each one’s jaw dropped in shock!
They had to know that Tiger Li Daxian was a god in their hearts, the lord of Penglai Island, and everything their Du family had was given by Tiger Li Daxian.
But the god in their hearts was actually being somewhat beaten by Chen Ping at this moment!
Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes gaped slightly, “You brat, you must not be kept.”
Tiger Li Daxian actually had a bad feeling in his heart, he always felt that if he didn’t bring out his full strength today, he was afraid that he would die in Chen Ping’s hands!
At the beginning, he had underestimated Chen Ping, he had never thought that Chen Ping had so many secrets in him!
The Golden Dragon True Body, the Dragon Cutting Sword, the Holy Light Fist, the Nine Shadows Sword Technique, any one of them would be invincible in this world today!
It was only that Chen Ping had not fully comprehended these things yet, if one day Chen Ping reached a certain level of strength and comprehended through them, it would be very terrifying.
Tiger Li Daxian did not believe that what Chen Ping had received were all opportunities, even thousands of years ago, these things were all very dazzling.
Now after thousands of years, how could they have fallen to Chen Ping alone?
“This son must not be left behind ……”
Tiger Li Daxian said, his feet gave a slight lurch and his body instantly rose into the air, “Suffer death ……”
Tiger Li Daxian roared, followed by a blazing fire burning on his body, emitting an aura that carried the frigid aura of the nine hells!
“Divine Punishment Descends ……”
Tiger Li Daxian swung the scepter in his hand towards the sky!
The jewel on top of the scepter instantly emitted a light that surpa*sed that of the sun, and then shot straight up to the clouds!
Then a chain of light bound Chen Ping instantly, and from the sky above, a pillar of light, ten meters in diameter, came down fiercely towards Chen Ping!
This time, the divine punishment was many times more powerful than the one Du Nan had cast!
As Du Ziteng and Du Nan’s father and son looked at the divine punishment that Tiger Li Daxian had cast, their mouths grew wide and their eyes were almost shocked out.
This pillar of light, nearly ten meters in diameter, was a hundred times stronger than the divine punishment they had executed!
This father and son did not know that the divine punishments they cast were also all the work of Tiger Li Daxian, and the two of them simply knew how!
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed as he felt the terrifying pressure.
The Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand emitted a buzzing sound, and battle intent was constantly being aroused from above the sword.
“I can’t see that you’re still a warlike fellow ……”
Chen Ping glanced at the Dragon Cutting Sword, then all the divine dragon power within his body was injected onto the Dragon Cutting Sword!
Then, with a swing of the sword, a burst of dragon roar rang out!
A golden dragon emerged from the Dragon Cutting Sword!
While the golden dragon met that pillar of light, Chen Ping quickly cut through the light chains and his body disappeared in place!
Boom …………
The golden dragon and that pillar of light collided together, a dragon roar hissed, white woven light and golden light mixed together as if a bomb had exploded, the light emitted instantly illuminated the entire Penglai Island, at this moment even the sun in the sky, was instantly dulled!
Everyone on Penglai Island gathered outside the house and looked at the light that burst out in mid-air!
Everyone was so illuminated by the blinding light that they closed their eyes tightly!
That Tiger Li Daxian was no exception, reaching out to block the light in front of his eyes.
The light dispersed, and before Tiger Li Daxian could react, Chen Ping had already arrived in front of him!
He saw the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, instantly slashing towards the jewel on top of the sceptre.
Tiger Li Daxian was shocked and tried to protect the jewel, but it was too late!
Clang …………
The tip of the dragon chopping sword in Chen Ping’s hand was already ruthlessly stabbed at the jewel.