“Zhan Tang, prepare the car right away, we’re going to Chen’s village!”
Bai Xiushan had an angry face.
Soon, the car was ready and Bai Zhan Tang drove towards Chen Family Village, Zhao Wuji followed along with him.
“Elder Bai, what is happening to make you so angry ……”
Zhao Wuji asked in disbelief.
Bai Xiushan told what Chen Ping had said, which caused Bai Zhan Tang, who was driving, to instantly speed up his car.
In his heart, he cursed that Tang Shili a thousand times, their Bai family had worked so hard to follow Chen Ping to make good relations, but this guy falsely accused Chen Ping of stealing the car.
On the other side, Chen Ping finished his phone call and waited quietly, knowing that Bai Xiushan would arrive soon.
“What? Done pretending? What did Elder Bai say?”
Tang would look at Chen Ping and sneer.
“Old man Bai will be here soon ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“You said that Elder Bai will be here soon?”
When Tang Shili heard this, he stood up with a scuffle, but he quickly reacted and coldly snorted, “Good, I’ll give you half an hour, if Elder Bai doesn’t arrive, you’ll be waiting to go to jail, you dare to steal even from the Bai family ……”
For a while, the atmosphere in the compartment became a little awkward, no words were spoken, while Tang Hongying looked at Chen Ping with a face full of anxiety.
Chen Baoguo did not change much, kept his head down and smoked a cigarette, and did not look anxious.
Soon, half an hour later, Tang Shili looked at his watch, waved his hand and said, “Take the man away!”
Several men in uniform grabbed together towards Chen Ping.
“Brother, please, please …… don’t let them take Chen Ping away!”
When Tang Hongying saw that Chen Ping was really going to be taken away, she knelt down in front of Tang Shili with a poof.
“Mom, don’t kneel …….”
Chen Ping hurriedly stepped forward and pulled Tang Hongying up.
“Hongying, I am a person who helps reason but not relatives, your son should be arrested for stealing from others, there is nothing to say, it is useless for you to kneel down for me ……”
Tang Shili said with an arrogant face.
Just as Tang Hongying was about to beg Tang Shili, suddenly the door of the compartment was pushed open.
Three people walked into the box, the front of which was Bai Xiushan, followed by Bai Zhantang and Zhao Wuji.
Seeing Bai Xiushan suddenly enter, Tang Shili and Tang Hui were all stunned, none of them had expected Bai Xiushan to really come.
“Master Bai ……”
Tang Shili hurriedly greeted them.
“Make way, all of you make way for me ……”
Tang would also hastily yell at those local officials, making these people get up and make way for Bai Xiushan.
When Tang Shili walked towards Bai Xiushan with a smile on his face, Bai Xiushan did not pay attention to him, but walked straight up to Chen Ping: “Mr. Chen, I’m really sorry, I didn’t expect such a thing to happen when I lent you a car to drive ……”
Chen Ping only smiled faintly and did not say anything.
Bai Xiushan’s words caused Tang Shili, who was full of smiles, to freeze for a moment, and his smile froze on his face as he looked at Chen Ping with an unbelievable expression.
He could not believe that Bai Xiushan, who was the head of the Bai family in Kyoto, was so polite to Chen Ping, a small child, and even addressed him as Mr. Chen?
What the hell was going on here?
Just as Tang Shili was dazed, Bai Zhan Tang slapped him on the face with a fierce slap!
“You’ve got some f*cking nerve, daring to slander Mr. Chen for stealing a car? This car was lent to Mr. Chen by grandpa, not to mention Mr. Chen borrowing it for a drive, even if it was given to Mr. Chen, it would be an honor for our Bai family ……”
Bai Zhantang shouted at Tang Shili.
Tang Shili was blinded by the slap, fortunately Tang would have been holding it aside, otherwise he would have sat on his butt on the ground.
“You are Tang Shili of the Jiangbei Provincial City Branch?” Bai Xiushan asked as he looked at Tang Shili with an angry face.
Tang Shili covered his face and nodded his head repeatedly.