“What you said about the cause of this disease, I really unheard of, it seems that I still need to learn more ah.”
“Originally, I didn’t want to participate in the Pill Masters Conference, I felt that it was a waste of time, and that this Pill Masters Conference was nothing more than a place for those Pill Dignitaries to sell their reputation.”
“Now I’ve changed my attention, I can’t live holding on to my old thoughts, thanks a lot!”
Zhong Sheng gratefully patted Chen Ping’s shoulder!
Originally, Zhong Sheng did not have the slightest interest in any medicinal masters’ conference, but now he did, because Chen Ping’s appearance let him know that he still knew too little!
The cause of the illness that Chen Ping had mentioned was something he had never even heard of!
“Elder Zhong, there must be a teacher for all three, besides improving yourself in your medical skills, you need to cheer up in your feelings as well.”
“I believe that Granny Zhen is able to see your efforts.”
Chen Ping laughed!
Zhong Qi was slightly stunned, then she smiled as well, “I definitely will ……”
“But you also need to pay more attention, after all, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings are very tempting, even if you have Emperor Xiao to protect you, there will always be a brave man under heavy reward, you have to be on guard!”
Zhong Qi reminded Chen Ping!
Even though there was the Xiao Imperial Dynasty as a backing, it was not 100% guaranteed that there would be no one who would have their heart set on Chen Ping!
“Many thanks to Senior Zhong for reminding me, I will pay attention!”
Chen Ping nodded!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you’d better leave this place as soon as possible, it’s best not to walk around casually before heading to Pill God Island!”
Chen Wenliang stepped forward to remind Chen Ping to leave!
After all, there were so many people at the scene, no one could guarantee that no one would have any thoughts about Chen Ping!
If someone suddenly made a move on Chen Ping, it would simply be impossible to defend against!
Chen Ping brought Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng back to the Zhen family!
Zhen Huan and Thursday Lang also followed them back together!
Regarding Chen Ping’s identity, Zhen Huan didn’t really care, but what Chen Ping said about lovesickness, Zhen Huan was still very curious!
After all, girls, they all hope that they have a man who is single-mindedly devoted to them!
“Fourth Lang, if I suddenly disappeared, would you get lovesickness? Just like Emperor Xiao?”
After returning to Zhen Mansion, Zhen Huan asked to Si Lang!
“Of course I would, without you, there’s no point in me living!”
Zhou Si Lang pulled Zhen Huan’s hand and said with affection!
Hearing this, the corners of Zhen Huan’s mouth lifted and she leaned against Zhou Si Lang’s body with satisfaction!
Chen Ping looked at Zhen Huan and Zhou Si Lang and smiled helplessly, he did not think highly of these two people.
Perhaps Zhen Huan had feelings for Zhou Lang, but Zhou Lang definitely did not have much love for Zhen Huan!
The combination of the two of them was, to put it bluntly, a combination of interests!
For the sake of the two families, and then combined together!
As long as the feelings are mixed with interests, then the feelings are not pure!
However, this was everyone’s choice, and Chen Ping had no right to ask!
During the few days in the Zhen family, Chen Ping did not go out, but listened to Chen Wenliang’s words and stayed deep in the house!
He had been practising the combination of Divine Patterns and Demonic Patterns for the past few days, although Chen Ping still did not know, what exactly was the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, but since the Divine Patterns Ancestor had already said that the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation could only be broken by himself, Chen Ping had to work hard on it!
“Mr Chen, notification to go to Pill God Island ……”
Three days later, Nie Heng informed Chen Ping that he could head to Pill God Island!
Only then did Chen Ping walk out of his room and follow Nie Heng to the plaza of Yongle City!
At this time, numerous pill masters had already gathered here!
All of these pill masters had gone through the examination, but it was only right that they had to thank Zhong Zi!
If it wasn’t for Zhong Zi, it was estimated that more than half of the pill masters here wouldn’t have been able to go to Pill God Island!
Accompanied by that Su Tianshuo’s call, the many pill masters then began to stand in line according to their regions!
Chen Ping directly chose Chen Wenliang’s Central Region Apothecary Society, and Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng also stood inside the Central Region’s Apothecary Society team!