At this time, Fan Jiang, who was on the side, spoke up, “It’s not surprising that the Martial Alliance has found eight Great Martial Lords, I know that within the Martial Alliance, there are even Martial Saints.”
“Martial Saints?” This time, Chen Ping was even more surprised.
“Not bad, the hierarchy of the Martial Dao Alliance is very strict, and the Martial Dao Alliance that you have seen is just a corner of the Martial Dao Alliance.”
“Those people in the real Martial Dao Alliance should be in the secret realm, directly controlling all of this.”
“They would have used the markings on their black robes to differentiate their ranks, and I heard that the highest black and gold robe was the Martial Saint, but I have never seen it either.”
Fan Jiang said to Chen Ping.
Long Wu looked at Fan Jiang and asked curiously to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, who is this man? It looks like he knows a lot about the Martial Alliance?”
“It’s a friend of mine.” Chen Ping casually explained, then asked to Fan Jiang, “How do you know so much about the Wudao Alliance?”
Fan Jiang shook his head, “That’s all I know, but there are many more secrets of the Martial Dao Alliance, and these were all told to me by Zhu Zhishan.”
“But the power of the Martial Dao Alliance’s Alliance Master is very small, so he doesn’t know much, but the Martial Dao Alliance will never be like what you see in front of you.”
“I’m afraid it’s impossible for you to directly extinguish the Martial Dao Alliance and uproot it.” Remember the website m.lqzw.org
“But if you want to save your girlfriend, you might be able to succeed now by relying on this puppet corpse.”
Fan Jiang followed Chen Ping in detail, just now Chen Ping’s phrase friend, indeed let Fan Jiang’s heart warm up a lot!
“Whether it can succeed or not, it’s something to try ……”
A determined look appeared in Chen Ping’s eyes.
…………
Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
Ever since Nie Cheng had replaced Ning Zhi as the alliance’s leader, he had been gathering quite a few black bronze robes, and even seven black silver robes.
Ever since Chen Ping had established the Dragon Sect, the Martial Alliance had become an object of avoidance for almost everyone, and no clan or family was joining the Martial Alliance!
Even the former clan families had chosen to break away from the Martial Dao Alliance!
However, in order to increase the strength of the Alliance and reintroduce many clans to the power of the Alliance, Nie Cheng directly applied and brought in many black bronze robes and even seven black silver robes!
You know that these Black Silver Robes were all Great Martial Marquises, each of them incredibly strong, and even those Black Bronze Robes were all quite powerful!
At this moment, after seeing the strength of the Martial Alliance, some of the many clans and families started to move closer to the Martial Alliance!
There was no choice, there were too many wallflowers, and in this society where strength was paramount, only those who were strong would fall to them!
Inside the hall of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union, Nie Cheng was holding a vajra pestle, his face not looking very good!
He didn’t understand how that fellow, Ning Zhi, was so capable that he could let him go to a secret chamber to train. Originally, Nie Cheng thought that if he replaced Ning Zhi, Ning Zhi would be worthless and would definitely be executed, but instead, he was sent straight to a secret chamber to train!
But even with dissatisfaction in his heart, Nie Cheng didn’t dare to have the slightest complaint, because of the might of the great power, none of them dared to try it!
“During this recent period, that Chen Ping’s whereabouts have been erratic, but that’s a good thing for us, as long as he’s not looking for trouble, we shouldn’t be looking for him either.”
“Everyone just needs to cultivate at ease, and I will supply you with that girl’s blood as a priority.”
“Now that the Martial Dao Alliance has become like this, the great powers are very angry, so we must work together to make the Martial Dao Alliance glorious in the future.”
Nie Cheng faced the black and bronze robes and black and silver robes below and said indifferently.
But none of these black-robed people said anything, they knew how difficult it would be to make the Martial Dao Alliance glorious again.