“Of course I know, and I also know that there are many people from your divine religion among the royal family right now, who are in charge of watching the heavens and measuring good fortune.”
Anna, as the princess of the Duke’s House, therefore knew about this Burning Heaven Divine Religion!
But for ordinary people, it was very unfamiliar to this divine religion, because ordinary people could not come into contact with it at all.
But just as Anna finished her words, she heard that High Priestess coldly snort, “Hmph, don’t mention those people, they have long since ceased to be members of my Burning Heaven Divine Church, these guys have long since been expelled from the Burning Heaven Divine Church for deceiving their teachers and going against their ancestors’ teachings.”
“Ah …………”
Anna was dumbfounded, she still didn’t know that those people from the Burning Heaven Divine Sect within the royal family had all been expelled.
“A few of you, did you just see someone casting a spell here, using the spell of finding the cave and exploring the tomb.”
Daniel asked as he turned to Chen Ping and the others.
“Oh, I saw a few people in Taoist robes, but they’ve gone ……”
Chen Ping said, pointing.
“Looks like someone is going to get the jump on us, let’s go ……”
The High Priest said, while his body darted forward.
Even though his eyes were blind, it was as if that high priest could see things!
Seeing this, Daniel hurriedly led his men to chase after him.
“Chen Ping, what do we do?”
Anna asked to Chen Ping.
“Of course we follow them up ……”
With that, Chen Ping followed straight after!
The road up the mountain was rugged, but that was nothing to them!
And when that Daniel saw that Chen Ping and the others had actually followed them, he couldn’t help but frown: “Why are you following us if you’re not going down the mountain yet?”
“We just want to enjoy the beautiful scenery and see if you guys can find the entrance to the relic by the way.”
“But please don’t worry guys, we will never fight with you for the things inside the relic, we are just curious.”
Chen Ping said.
Daniel frowned slightly, and then glanced in the direction of the High Priestess.
“Let them follow, it’s not possible for them to be useful ……”
The High Priestess said coldly.
Seeing this, Daniel could only turn to Chen Ping and said, “Then you guys can follow, don’t blame me if anything goes wrong.”
Chen Ping and the others followed, and after travelling some distance towards the mountain, the high priest suddenly stopped!
“High Priestess, what’s wrong?”
Daniel asked.
“There is a taboo ahead, we can’t go any further, we need to break the taboo to do so.”
The High Priest said, thrusting his hands into the ground, followed by muttering something like a madman!
Soon a light rushed forward from the ground and after a dozen metres or so, exploded with a bang!
Along with the explosion, a glowing light appeared, clearly the boundary of the spell formation!
If they had crashed straight into it, they might have been trapped inside!
Seeing this scene, Daniel was quite surprised, and Chen Ping was somewhat impressed by this blind high priest!
This fellow, who could not see with his eyes, was able to judge the location of the spell formation boundary so accurately.
“Break the formation ……”
Daniel let out a loud shout, followed by the dozen or so men behind him instantly forming a strange shape!
Soon an aura erupted from the dozen men, then converged together and violently charged towards that boundary!
Boom ……
There was a deafening sound, and the snow around them was blown away.
But just as the huge breath struck the boundary, it unexpectedly emitted a brilliant light, followed by one recoil after another, like a huge wave, incessantly ……
In an instant, the tremendous pressure instantly caused the formation of a dozen people to begin to disintegrate, and the faces of some people became very ugly, clenching their teeth and holding on!
Boom …………
Like a heavy punch, it instantly sent a dozen people flying, and although there was no danger to their lives, one was nevertheless clearly suffering from internal injuries.
This scene caused that Daniel’s face to become very ugly!