“You’re still self-aware, let me tell you, not only did Mr Chen resist Elder Mu’s Ice Seal Technique, but he also easily dissolved it.”
“If Mr Chen had exerted his full strength, it wouldn’t be certain who would lose or win if he followed Elder Mu!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said!
When these Saint Maidens heard this, each of them all looked at Chen Ping in astonishment, each of their faces filled with incredulity!
Is it not a little too outrageous for a third grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition Realm to follow a great cultivator of the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm to be able to fight to a draw, not even knowing whether he would win or lose?
Chen Ping was also blushing at the moment, this Guanghan Palace Lord was also too capable of blowing up, blowing himself up so high, really if he encountered a peak Transitional Appearance Realm expert in the Polar Regions, wouldn’t he be a disgrace!
“Palace Master has blown it too far, I wouldn’t even be able to resist two moves in the hands of that Elder Mu!”
Chen Ping hurriedly corrected!
Chen Ping knew that in the end, if the Palace Master had not appeared in time, he might have been killed by that Elder Mu by now!
Chen Ping’s own strength, with the addition of the Divine King Bow, the Dragon Tattoo Bell, and that extremely unstable Heaven Swallowing Beast, might be able to follow the peak of the Transition Realm and put up a fight for a couple of moves!
But to win against the other party, it was simply impossible, after all, the difference in strength was too great!
However, if Chen Ping was able to advance to the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, then he would be able to follow a peak Transition Realm powerhouse for a touch!
Although the chances of winning weren’t great either, but escaping with ease, he was still very sure of it!
“Mr Chen don’t be modest, I still understand your strength, and I also know about you being put to death by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings.”
“For a huge organisation like the Demon Sealing Alliance to use a hundred years of offerings to place an execution order on you, it shows how strong you are!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said!
She dared to point out Chen Ping’s true identity in front of so many Holy Maidens, and also spoke about the matter of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred-year offerings, so it was evident that these Holy Maidens were definitely loyal people, and wouldn’t do anything untoward to Chen Ping just for the sake of that Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred-year offerings!
As for these Holy Maidens, when they heard the Palace Master’s words, they were all even more shocked as they looked towards Chen Ping, obviously they had also heard about this matter of the Demon Sealing Alliance, but they did not expect that the one in front of them was the protagonist!
“I have changed my appearance in order to avoid being pursued, please keep it a secret for me, or else it will lead to unnecessary trouble along the way!”
Chen Ping hurriedly said towards the Holy Maidens!
The Sacred Maidens did not speak, while the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said in a cold voice “Are you all mute? Didn’t you hear Mr Chen’s words? His words are orders.”
“Let me tell you, after leaving the Broad Cold Palace, Mr Chen’s words, those are orders, you must obey them unconditionally, whoever dares to disobey is disobeying orders, you know the consequences.”
The aura of the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master was incomparably cold, coupled with his icy tone!
Frighteningly, those Saint Maidens all fell to their knees and hurriedly replied “Honourably obey the Palace Master’s order!”
“Palace Master, there is no need to be like this, there are things to discuss along the way, and I will do my best to protect them.”
Chen Ping was a little embarrassed at the moment!
“Chen, for this polar journey, just act on your own will, there is no need to consider them.”
“The trip to the Polar Regions is so dangerous that deaths and injuries are definitely unavoidable, even if some of them were to die or be injured, there is no need for Mr Chen to blame himself excessively.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said!
Chen Ping nodded, but the more the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was like this, the more Chen Ping felt pressurised to do his best to protect the safety of these Holy Maidens!
After all, these people were the mainstay of the Guanghan Palace, the future development of the Guanghan Palace still needed them, and the Palace Master still needed them to assist him!
Chen Ping followed the Palace Master out of that space, but at this moment, Chen Ping had a few moments of pressure in his heart!