“Zhiyuan, did you ask Master Tiger to help our family to collect the debt? All the money from Fuyao Decoration has been returned to our family, our family’s company is saved, my father said it was Master Tiger himself who sent the word.”
Sun Xiaomeng looked at Cui Zhiyuan with an expectant face and asked.
She hoped very much that this matter was really done by Cui Zhiyuan, so that his parents would not be in a position to reject the two of them, and that Cui Zhiyuan’s status would also be raised a lot in front of his parents, and it was an immense honour to know a person like Lin Tianhu.
“Master Tiger?” Cui Zhiyuan was stunned, but with a twinkle in his eyes, he quickly reacted and said, “Ah, I did mention it after Master Tiger, I didn’t expect Master Tiger to be so efficient, since the money has been given, then I’m relieved!”
“Zhiyuan, I didn’t think you really knew Master Tiger, you’re fantastic ……” Sun Xiaomeng excitedly jumped on Cui Zhiyuan and kissed him fiercely, “My mum said she’d ask you to join us for dinner tonight, now I’d like to see I’ll see if my dad can still look down on you!”
Sun Xiaomeng happily took Cui Zhiyuan’s arm and walked together towards the car park!
On the other hand, when Chen Ping returned home, Tang Hongying eagerly asked, “Chen Ping, how did the interview go? What position has been arranged for you?”
“Mom, I succeeded in the interview and got a job as a salesman, the pay is good ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Ai yao, this is really great, to become a salesman directly, this is the credit of others Xiaomeng, when there is time we family should go to thank them properly, you have a formal job, I am also relieved ……”
Tang Hongying had a satisfied smile on her face!
Seeing his mother’s happy look, Chen Ping didn’t say anything!
“Chen Ping, wash up, change your clothes, we’ll go out for dinner later, your Uncle Sun called and shouted for us to have a meal together ……”
Chen Baoguo walked in from outside with his mobile phone, and said after seeing Chen Ping.
“Baoguo, why did Fuhai invite us for dinner? It’s only logical that we should invite people after they found Chen Ping a job!” Tang Hongying asked, puzzled.
“It seems to be that the debts owed by Fuhai, have all been paid off and the company has come to life ……”
Chen Baoguo said.
“That’s great, really good people get good karma ……”
When Tang Hongying heard this, she was also happy for Sun Fuhai!
After hearing this, Chen Ping smiled faintly and went into his room to change his clothes.
He originally wanted to give Lin Tianhu a phone call to ask about it, but did not expect this kid to be quite efficient, it seems that the money owed by Xin Yu Rihua, also have to let Lin Tianhu out to ask for it, this is all their own money!
…………
The hotel is a very good place to eat, but it’s a very good place to eat, because the price is too expensive, plus the company is in arrears everywhere, and there is no heart to eat here!
“This Regal Hotel is just magnificent, this is the first time I’ve come here for dinner?”
Sun Xiaomeng looked at the opulent hotel in front of her and her whole body almost jumped up in excitement!
“This is also the Su family’s property, speaking of which we are all one boss, eating here, I can get a 20% discount when I take out my work card ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said with some pride.
“Yes, we come here to eat, it is also considered to generate income for the boss!”
Sun Xiaomeng took Cui Zhiyuan’s hand and walked in.
Arriving at a private room, the two pushed the door and walked in, by now Sun Fuhai followed by Li Fengxia had already arrived!
“Hello uncle, hello auntie ……”
Cui Zhiyuan greeted politely after seeing Sun Fuhai and Li Fengxia!
“Good ……” Li Fengxia hurriedly got up: “Zhiyuan, come and sit down quickly, we are all family members, why are you polite!”