Soon, Chen Ping’s body trembled, his body was covered in sweat like rain, his eyes were tightly closed, his face was blue, and his body was trembling continuously.
And as Hu Ma Zi from below watched Chen Ping in this state, he was very anxious inside. Now Chen Ping was wrapped in streams of light, like a monarch, making people want to worship him just by looking at him!
Soon, Chen Ping’s body stopped moving and his whole body was in a haze!
Slowly, a familiar image appeared.
Chen Ping found himself in front of the swordsman carrying a sword once again, and the thick blood aura was not only coming towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was overjoyed, he had just watched for just an instant and was pulled out by Hu Ma Zi, now Chen Ping had to see it clearly.
Only to see the swordsman slowly pull out his sword, followed by the appearance of nine figures.
The next scene that followed caused Chen Ping to gasp in shock!
But he saw the swordsman wielding his sword and following his nine shadows in a fight!
And the fight was so fierce that he didn’t even hold back!
Chen Ping stared at the scene in front of him, confused as to what was going on.
Soon, all nine shadows died tragically under that swordsman.
At this moment, Chen Ping was completely dumbfounded, he did not understand why the swordsman had to do this!
Just as Chen Ping was at a loss for words, the swordsman slowly turned his body around.
A pair of expressionless eyes stared at Chen Ping with a deadly gaze.
Chen Ping looked around and found that there was nothing beside him, and the swordsman saw none other than himself.
“You …… you can see me?”
Chen Ping asked with a surprised face to that swordsman.
But that swordsman did not say anything, while Chen Ping’s body had a strange movement at this time, Chen Ping did not sacrifice the Zenglong Sword, but at this moment the Zenglong Sword flew out from his body.
The Dragon Cutting Sword was burning with flames above it, half suspended in the air, a buzzing sound emitted from above the sword ……
The swordsman, on the other hand, threw the sword he was holding, and the two swords were facing each other in mid-air.
Soon, the two swords actually began to fuse and finally transformed into one sword!
The flames on the Chopper sword disappeared and were replaced by a flickering grey light!
Just after the two swords fused, the swordsman’s form suddenly disappeared.
It was as if he had never been here!
And the Dragon Cutting Sword reappeared in front of Chen Ping, who grabbed it with one hand!
The moment Chen Ping grabbed the Zang Long Sword with one hand, countless information about sword techniques began to gush towards Chen Ping, pouring directly into Chen Ping’s brain.
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping suddenly fell from his seat and fell to the ground, his hands clutching his head to death, feeling very painful, as if his entire head was about to split off.
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly ran towards the steps in a panic.
But when he reached the steps, he suddenly found that the forbidden power had disappeared.
Hu Ma Zi quickly rushed to the end of the steps.
At that moment, Chen Ping’s face was pale and full of sweat, and only after all the information seemed to be stuffed up did Chen Ping slowly quiet down.
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong with you?”
Hu Ma Zi hurriedly pulled Chen Ping to his feet.
Chen Ping was pulled up, but at this point he still had a splitting headache, but it wasn’t as bad.
“I’m fine ……”
Chen Ping shook his head and a divine sense entered into the Dragon Chopper Sword.
Only then did Chen Ping discover that there was actually a sword spirit within the Zhan Long Sword, although the sword spirit had not yet taken shape, but slowly cultivating it, the Zhan Long Sword would soon turn into a spiritual weapon.
Although the Dragon Cutting Sword had long been united with Chen Ping’s sword, and could communicate with each other, the Dragon Cutting Sword did not have an autonomous consciousness after all!
Now that there is a sword spirit inside the sword, when the sword spirit grows up, then the sword will have an autonomous consciousness.
It would be the same as having an extra helper by Chen Ping’s side all the time.