“How to exterminate? This guy only looks like he’s at the sixth level of the Transition Realm, but his strength is very strong and he also knows arts.”
“At such a young age, he is even the sect master of the Two Yi Sect, he should not be underestimated!”
Wang Qingshi asked!
“Patriarch Wang, don’t be intimidated by this guy, as the Patriarch of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, and with strength above that Chen Ping, how could you possibly be afraid of him.”
“If we were to fight alone, that Chen Ping would definitely not be a match for Patriarch Wang!”
Su Tianshuo touted at Wang Qingshi!
“Yes, yes, yes, yes, Patriarch Wang’s artistry, that’s unrivalled, if it wasn’t for the Two Yi Sect’s sudden kill, all these people would have died in Patriarch Wang’s grand formation.”
“Patriarch Wang would definitely not be afraid of that Chen Ping ……”
Seeing this, Bao Longxing followed suit and bragged!
This time, Wang Qingshi was really blown off a bit!
“That’s of course, how can I say that I’m also the Sect Master of the Zhentian Dharma Sect, a Mahayana Realm second grade expert, how can I be afraid of a mere Transition Realm sixth grade minor cultivator.”
“But there are so many of them, if they come together, I’m afraid I’m no match.”
Wang Qingshi said with a slight frown!
“Patriarch Wang, just name them directly and take on that Chen Ping, if they dare to already start when they do, we are not vegetarians and will help you block.”
“As long as we kill Chen Ping, these people of theirs will instantly disintegrate!”
Su Tianshuo snubbed Wang Qingshi to take on Chen Ping!
Right now, what Su Tianshuo hated the most was this Chen Ping, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping, their plan would have presented itself perfectly!
“Alright, I’ll try, this guy killed so many of my disciples, I’ll avenge those disciples of mine as well!”
Wang Qingshi was crippled by the lull, and even leapt up directly from the spirit boat!
His black cloak fluttered in the wind, and his face still wore a mask!
“Wang Qingshi, this guy didn’t run away ……”
Seeing this, Ouyang Xing hurriedly shouted out!
The crowd was also shocked, they didn’t understand, the disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect were all dead, why didn’t this Wang Qingshi run away?
Wang Qingshi dropped his cloak and took off his mask as well!
Underneath the mask was a distorted face with a cold light in his eyes!
The aura of the Mahayana realm that was on his body constantly erupted, causing many pill masters to feel their breath stagnate!
“I didn’t expect that you didn’t run away and are still here waiting to die!”
Chen Ping was also a little surprised to see Wang Qing Shi appear!
It wasn’t like this fellow hadn’t seen his strength, but he still dared to appear!
Chen Ping did not know that this fellow had been neglected and crippled before he showed up!
“Hmph, I think you are the one looking for death, you killed so many of my disciples, I must avenge them.”
“Do you dare to fight with me single-handedly? Whether it’s a real sword, or a battle of arts, I can let you out first.”
Wang Qingshi said!
“Chen Ping, don’t listen to him, this guy is too shameless, a Mahayana realm expert, but he shouts at a Ferrying realm cultivator to fight solo, shameless!”
Ruyan Liu hurriedly stopped Chen Ping and said!
She didn’t want Chen Ping to fight alone, there were so many of them, so many people, together, that Wang Qingshi would definitely not be able to escape!
“Wang Qingshi, you are really shameless, how do you have the nerve to say single combat words?”
Ouyang Xing said to Wang Qingshi with a face full of contempt!
“Hmph, I just don’t want to see the living souls in the midst of it, if you all go together, it’s bound to cause another tussle, and the ones who will die at that time will still be the lowly strength pill masters.”
Wang Qingshi gave himself a noble reason!
“I pooh, you’re shameless, you can even say such words!”Chen Wenliang spat at that Wang Qing Shi!
“Mr Chen, don’t fall for it, this guy did it on purpose.”
Nie Heng said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping just laughed, then looked at Wang Qingshi and said, “Since you want to fight with me alone, I can fulfil you, I will let you die in a convincing manner.