At the side, Lu Factory was already furious and gnashing his teeth at this moment.
He couldn’t understand, even if Chen Ping had saved Han Qing’er’s life, but Han Qing’er didn’t have to do that, right?
After all, there was no contact between the two of them, and he and Han Qing’er were considered childhood friends.
Lv couldn’t understand why this was so!
Five minutes pa*sed very quickly!
Only it didn’t wait for a miracle, Chen Ping’s figure didn’t appear!
Ge Cang Sheng sighed, looking as if he had grown much older all of a sudden, and sat down on the stone bench!
Han Qing’er too, the luster in her eyes instantly disappeared and her face was filled with sadness!
Ge Yuhan and Hou Zhen also both had a pang of loss in their hearts, feeling sorry for Chen Ping!
“Alright, it’s time.”
Yu Qian stood up and swept his gaze across the crowd on the stage, before saying, “I declare that the a*sembly bout will now …………”
Just as Yu Qian was announcing the start of the a*sembly, a figure suddenly appeared at the top of the bell tower!
“That Chen Ping has appeared …………”
I don’t know who shouted, but all eyes focused over!
The crowd saw that Chen Ping’s figure slowly appeared, with no wounds or blood on his body, and he looked to be in very good condition!
“Chen Ping …………”
Seeing Chen Ping appear at the end of the day, Han Qing’er actually shouted out without a care in the world, and cried tears of joy!
Factory Lu stood next to Han Qing’er, his body trembling with anger, his fists cackling!
And when Han Fusheng, who was on the high stage, saw his daughter so excited, he couldn’t help but frown slightly!
After all, Han Fusheng did not know about Han Qing’er following Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Chen has appeared ……”
Ge Cansheng was a handful of years old, and he was jumping up and down with joy at this moment!
“Ge Cansheng, what are you so happy about? Even if he had reached the top, what’s the use, in the end, I’m afraid he wouldn’t even be able to hold a hammer!”
Jin Lifu poured a pot of cold water on Ge Cansheng from the sidelines!
But Ge Cansheng didn’t care, he didn’t care if Chen Ping could ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell, as long as Chen Ping was still alive, it would be the greatest good for him!
“It’s not easy enough to reach the top with the strength of the Third Realm of the Divided God, it doesn’t matter if you can pick up the bell hammer and ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell or not.”
“Master Ge, let that Chen Ping come down, don’t be trying to be strong, or you’ll really lose your life!”
Yu Qian saw that Chen Ping was able to reach the top, he also felt a little surprised, he also didn’t want to see Chen Ping lose his life, so he just said to Ge Cansheng!
Ge Cansheng nodded and was about to call Chen Ping down when he noticed that with a wave of Chen Ping’s palm, the tens of thousands of pounds bell hammer had gone straight from the ground to Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping was holding the bell hammer with a relaxed look on his face, without any of the struggling look of the others!
This time, everyone was dumbfounded and looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
Even Yu Qian was full of shock, his eyes staring at Chen Ping as if he had seen something terrible!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, holding the bell hammer in his hand, weighed it in his hand immediately afterwards, and it didn’t feel as heavy as it was said to be!
Chen Ping then threw the bell hammer towards the air again, and then caught it, and then threw it again, and caught it again!
This operation by Chen Ping directly made everyone dumbfounded!
Just now, there were people saying that Chen Ping couldn’t hold the hammer, but now Chen Ping not only held it, but also threw it in his hand for fun.
Yao Shenghui looked at Chen Ping as he tossed the hammer around with ease and comfort, and he began to doubt his life!
He couldn’t understand how Chen Ping, a Third Realm of the Subconscious, could do that.
Yao Shenghui wasn’t the only one doubting his life, many others were starting to doubt their lives!
He only felt that the bell hammer was very light in his hand, so he threw it up to try it out!
Looking at the dragon bell in front of him, Chen Ping then swung the hammer and smashed it heavily on the dragon bell!