“Well, regardless of whether that Huo Yuan Ting finds trouble with us or not, now that he has the Divine Flame Seal, that’s what’s most troublesome.”
Zhu Ling frowned!
Huo Yuanting got the divine Flame Seal and has already recognised it!
If the Tenure Ceremony opened, that would be the true Purple Flame Sect Master!
Even if Zhu Ling’s father appeared, there was no way to stop it, after all, this was the rules of the Purple Flame Sect!
“How about we find a way to steal the Divine Flame Seal?”
An elder suggested!
“Impossible, that Huo Yuan Ting would definitely bring it with him personally and have someone guarding it.”
“And that Gu Tianzhao of the Two Yi Sect is also there, he can put up a spell formation to protect the Divine Flame Seal, who among us can break the spell formation?”
Elder Yu said!
Hearing this, everyone was silent, after all, no one had that ability!
“If only Junior Brother was here, he’d be able to break open the spell formation.”
“I don’t know how he is doing now, blocking so many people from the Ghost Face Sect by himself, he will definitely be in a bad way.”
Zhu Ling thought of Chen Ping!
Mentioning Chen Ping, Elder Yu was also a little worried!
No matter what, Chen Ping had faced the Ghostface Sect alone in order to help them get away.
“Let’s take one step at a time for now, everyone be careful in these two days, try not to provoke the disciples of Huo Yuan Ting’s lineage.”
Zhu Ling exhorted everyone and then disbanded!
Two days later, along with three loud bangs resounding in the sky above the Violet Flame Sect!
All the disciples of the Purple Flame Sect were summoned to the square in front of the gate of the grand hall, and even the outer disciples had made an exception and gathered here!
Accompanied by that Elder Tian’s announcement, Huo Yuanting, dressed in full regalia, then flew to his position in the centre of the square, holding the Divine Flame Seal in his hand and sweeping a fist with an excited expression!
At this moment, Huo Yuanting was more than a little spirited!
After displaying the Divine Flame Seal, Huo Yuanting flew upwards and sat on top of the throne in the grand hall!
From here, one could overlook the entire Violet Flame Sect square!
All the disciples of the Violet Flame Sect kneeled down, even Elder Yu and the others were included!
Elder Tian followed the process and gave Huo Yuanting a blow-by-blow account of Huo Yuanting’s achievements to the Violet Flame Sect!
Elder Yu and the others gritted their teeth as they listened, but they couldn’t do a thing about it!
“The will of the heavens above and the hearts of the people below, Sect Master Huo’s honour of ascending to the Sect Master’s throne today is in accordance with the rules of our Purple Flame Sect.”
“From today onwards, Sect Master Huo is the true Sect Master of the Purple Flame Sect, all disciples must obey Sect Master Huo’s orders!”
“The Grand Ceremony begins, all disciples begin to congratulate!”
Elder Tian announced loudly!
Just as Huo Yuan Ting was prettily waiting for the many disciples to congratulate him, a cold and atmospheric voice suddenly came!
“Wait, Huo Yuanting the Sect Master, who recognised it?”
At this moment, a figure slowly appeared and kept walking towards the centre of the square!
“Father ……”
“Old Sect Master ……”
Seeing the person who came, Zhu Ling as well as Elder Yu, they were all shocked!
It turned out to be the Old Sect Master who had come, and there were many of them who still didn’t know that the Old Sect Master had recovered!
The disciples of the Old Sect Master’s lineage, seeing the Old Sect Master appear, one by one got up from the ground and kept cheering!
Huo Yuan Ting’s face instantly became unsightly after seeing the old sect master!
That old sect master was controlled by a demonic soul, how could he have run out?
And by the looks of it, the old Sect Master didn’t seem to have any effects anymore, like he was cured!
“Sect Master Zhu, what brings you here?”
Huo Yuan Ting hurriedly got up, then politely asked Sect Master Hu Zhu!
“Why did I come? If I didn’t come, wouldn’t this Purple Flame Sect have made you the Sect Master?”
The old Sect Master looked indifferent as he sized up Huo Yuanting and said!
“Old Sect Master, what do you mean by that? I was only officially made Sect Master after I got the Divine Flame Seal and recognised it.”
“You came out a little late, now the door master of the Violet Flame Sect is me!”
Huo Yuan Ting frowned and said coldly!