On the other side, Chen Ping had already beaten Long Xiao into a pig’s head!
“Admit defeat or not? Admit defeat or not?”
With every question Chen Ping asked, he very much slapped Long Xiao’s face fiercely!
At this moment, Long Xiao was in tears, his face was swollen like a pig’s head, and his mouth was unable to speak, so how could he admit defeat?
Long Xiao could only nod his head desperately, but Chen Ping acted as if he didn’t see it.
“Aren’t you very arrogant? Isn’t your Dragon Family very bullying?”
“Today I will kill the arrogance in you!”
“What is your Long Family, all of you are chicken and dog people!”
Chen Ping counted off as he fought, which almost made Long Jingguo in the stands die of anger.
Seeing that Long Xiao had almost been beaten, Chen Ping’s eyes flashed ruthlessly, and then a golden light flashed above his palm!
“Next year’s day will be the anniversary of your death ……”
Chen Ping was moved to kill, and slapped his palm towards Long Xiao’s head.
The crowd was shocked to see Chen Ping ignoring the rules and really wanting to kill Long Xiao!
“Stop it ……”
Seeing this, Guo Wei shouted angrily, followed by a flash of his body, his terrifying aura pressing towards Chen Ping!
“How dare you ignore the rules of the Alliance, D*mn you ……”
Guo Wei saw that Chen Ping really wanted to kill Long Xiao, so he used this as an excuse to get rid of Chen Ping just in time!
Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei, his eyes cold, “I think it’s you who deserves to die ……”
Boom ……
Chen Ping didn’t show any weakness and slammed his fist fiercely towards Guo Wei!
The whole earth trembled as the two fists clashed!
Guo Wei only felt a huge force hit him, and his body couldn’t help but retreat backwards, and his tiger mouth was even vaguely numb!
And Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards, and the Long Xiao in his hand was thrown to the ground!
Long Xiao was on the ground, desperately crawling towards Guo Wei, he didn’t want to die.
A trail of blood showed up where Long Xiao had crawled, at this moment, Long Xiao was in an unbearable mess, where was his appearance as the young master of the Long Family.
“Did I say to spare you? I’ll let you die, no one can stop you ……”
Looking at Long Xiao who kept crawling towards Guo Wei, Chen Ping’s eyes stared, followed by a palm slap towards Long Xiao.
This slap contained all the anger in Chen Ping’s heart for all this time.
The anger of his own mother being imprisoned for twenty years.
The anger of Su Yuqi being taken as a white mouse.
All this anger had been bottled up in Chen Ping’s heart, and at this moment he was going to explode!
“The vertical son is insolent, how dare he commit murder even in front of me ……”
Guo Wei was furious, as a councilor of the alliance, Chen Ping had ignored himself.
Saying this, Guo Wei also slapped out his palm, and the two instantly collided together again!
Chen Ping’s body retreated one after another, while Guo Wei swayed, followed by casually picking up Long Xiao with his hands and throwing him gently in front of Long Jingguo.
“Xiao’er ……”
Long Jingguo hurriedly caught Long Xiao, looking at his son’s miserable appearance, Long Jingguo’s face was filled with anger.
“Family head, let’s bring the eldest young master back for medical treatment as soon as possible!”
Long Xingxu looked at Long Xiao’s appearance and was happy in his heart, but his face showed great anxiety as he said.
“Go ……”
Long Jingguo glared at Chen Ping fiercely and hugged Long Xiao with a flash of his body, directly leaving the venue.
Seeing that Long Jingguo had taken Long Xiao away, Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei angrily, “If Long Xiao has gone, then you will suffer death on his behalf ……”
Chen Ping’s words were not loud, but the crowd could hear them clearly.
Chen Ping was actually blatantly shouting after Guo Wei?
Wasn’t this a case of the old man eating arsenic and thinking that his life was too long?
When Guo Wei heard this, he laughed coldly, “Kid, you are too crazy, do you think that because you have defeated Long Xiao, you are invincible?”
“I don’t know if I’m invincible, but what I do know is that you must die today, you dare to grab my girlfriend, I won’t let you go!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a monstrous killing intent erupted from his body, an endless killing aura began to fill the air, and Chen Ping’s eyes turned scarlet!