The Tenth Hall!
The Tenth Hall Master returned to the now dilapidated Tenth Hall!
Today’s Tenth Hall, only had a handful of people left, and all of them were heavily injured!
That Elder Qian hadn’t returned yet, who knows where he’d gone off to fight with the Northern Domain Master!
Sitting within the palace, half of which had collapsed, the Tenth Hall Master’s heart was a tangled mess of emotions!
At this moment, his mind kept replaying the scene of Huo Ming being pierced in an instant, then having his head lopped off by Chen Ping!
Just a strand of fate, yet it could instantly slay an Immortal Transformation Realm expert!
Though he’d long heard of the powerhouse backing Chen Ping, the Tenth Hall Master, who’d never seen it with his own eyes, was still utterly shocked this time!
“Tenth Hall Master, your Tenth Hall’s fallen to this state, and you hid it from us, the Divine Lord is furious…”
At that moment, the void trembled, and a man in a dark red robe stepped out!
The man, decked out in heavy makeup, especially his bright red lips, was jarringly vivid!
A man, dolled up this flamboyantly, there had to be something off with his head!
“Who are you?” The Tenth Hall Master frowned!
This stranger’s eerie vibe, appearing without a sound, put the Tenth Hall Master on high alert, if this bloke was here to target the Tenth Hall, with just these few wounded souls, there’d be no stopping him!
The man tossed a token to the Tenth Hall Master, who, upon seeing it, instantly paled and said respectfully, “Greetings, Ninth Hall Master…”
The ten hall masters of the Divine Hall had never met face-to-face, so not knowing each other was par for the course!
But each hall outranked the one below, the Ninth Hall’s strength surpassing the Tenth’s, no question about it!
The Tenth Hall Master hadn’t expected the Divine Lord to catch wind of this, let alone send the Ninth Hall Master!
“You reckon the Celestial Realm’s grand array keeps the other Divine Hall folks out of the Celestial Human Realm, and the Divine Lord can’t keep tabs on your Tenth Hall, eh?”
The Ninth Hall Master asked!
“I wouldn’t dare!” The Tenth Hall Master shook his head quick!
“Wouldn’t dare?” The Ninth Hall Master smirked coldly, “You let your son loose on the sly, thinking no one’d notice, huh? Little did you know, the Divine Lord’s been in the loop all along.”
“Though the grand array splits the Celestial Realm from the Celestial Human Realm, sound transmission’s unaffected, everything you’ve done in the Tenth Hall, the Divine Lord knows crystal clear.”
Hearing this, the Tenth Hall Master panicked, he’d thought he was far enough from the boss to sneak his son out unnoticed!
“I deserve death, I didn’t mean to hide it!”
The Tenth Hall Master dropped to his knees in fright!
The Divine Hall’s rules were strict as hell, one slip, and his neck was on the line!
“If the Huo family hadn’t sent word, we’d all still be in the dark,” the Ninth Hall Master snorted at the kneeling figure, “Who’s the bastard daring to cross our Divine Hall? Take me to wipe him out now!”
“Ninth Hall Master, Chen Ping’s got a powerhouse behind him, we might…” The Tenth Hall Master hesitated!
“Hmph, some puny Celestial Human Realm, what powerhouse? I’m here to crush that so-called strongman.”
The Ninth Hall Master scoffed, dripping with disdain!
“He’s really tough, that Chen Ping’s backer, some Mr. Shi or something, might even be stronger than…”
The Tenth Hall Master kept pleading, but the Ninth Hall Master snapped!
“Shut it, I’ve climbed the Heaven Ladder three times, made it to the eighth level, just a hair from the top, you think anyone in this Celestial Human Realm’s tougher than me?”
“And this Mr. Shi? When I meet him, I’ll beat the shit out of him, stop puffing up their ego!”
The Ninth Hall Master barked, fuming!
This Tenth Hall Master, boosting the enemy’s rep and tanking his own, what a bloody coward!
Buzz…
Just as the Ninth Hall Master’s words landed, the void warped, and a faint figure slowly emerged!