Seeing Cai Hongwei say so, Ji Yun also stopped talking!
Ji Meiyan on the other hand is a little anxious “Uncle Cai, these are my relatives, this is my sixth brother, my third uncle’s son, will you just be a little more accommodating?”
“Your third uncle’s son?” Cai Hongwei was a little surprised, carefully sizing up Ji Yun, but still shook his head “Great niece, it’s not that your Uncle Cai isn’t reasonable, it’s just that this journey is very treacherous, and is not up to me alone.”
“A line of more than a dozen people, alone I agreed to also useless ah, after all, this way to cooperate with each other, if you take them a few, but also to share the energy to protect them, who will be happy ah.”
“But if these three people can show some sincerity and make the others agree, I have no problem here.”
Cai Hongwei was a little worried!
Cai Hongwei’s words were obvious, just wanting some favours!
Only, he said that it was other people who wanted it, so it was evident that this guy was very greedy.
When Ji Meiyan heard this, she instantly understood what it meant and immediately said “Uncle Cai, I’m willing to take out five million spirit coins, do you think it’s okay?”
Who knows, Cai Hongwei shook his head and said “Great niece, any more spirit coins, I’m afraid it’s not going to work, which one of the masters who can find me and go to the Southern Domain together will lack spirit coins!”
Ji Meiyan saw that the spirit coins won’t work, she couldn’t help but frown, because she couldn’t take anything other than spirit coins, like other resources, she couldn’t make the decision!
“Senior Cai, if you guys are going to the Southern Domain, do you have any means of passage if you don’t do a teleportation array?”
Chen Ping asked to Cai Hongwei!
“What tools of passage do you need, we cultivators, we casually travel thousands of miles in a day.”
Cai Hongwei said indifferently!
“Senior Cai is right, but you have to know that speeding all the way is a huge drain on spiritual energy, and you have to rest in between to replenish your strength, which will also take time.”
“We have airships, we can fly all the way to the Southern Domain, not only do we save physical strength and time, but we can also cultivate well on top of the airships.”
Chen Ping said!
Cai Hongwei froze, then said with some disbelief “You have a blimp?”
“Of course, we came here by blimp.” Chen Ping nodded!
“Empty words are no proof, let me see your blimp?”
Cai Hongwei said!
Chen Ping glanced at Ji Yun, who nodded and then walked out of the hall before releasing the blimp!
Cai Hongwei looked at the blimp in front of him, and his eyes were filled with a strong colour of joy!
After looking at it, Cai Hongwei’s attitude had clearly changed!
“Great niece, since these are all your relatives, plus my relationship with your father, of course I have to help with this favour, as for the others, you don’t have to worry about it, I’ll go and convince them.”
Cai Hongwei happily agreed!
Chen Ping looked at Cai Hongwei’s appearance and couldn’t help but smile, but in the Celestial Realm, people like Cai Hongwei, simply don’t have too many of them, all of them valued strength and their own interests!
“Uncle Cai, then I thank you.”
After Ji Meiyan thanked her, she got up and prepared to leave!
When she passed by Chen Ping, she couldn’t help but look at Chen Ping twice more, because she knew that after this time, she might not be able to see Chen Ping for the rest of her life!
Chen Ping did not say anything, nor did he have any expression, being able to let Ji Meiyan forget herself the fastest was also a relief for Ji Meiyan!
Cai Qiannan on the side seemed to see something and sent Ji Meiyan out!
“Meiyan, are you following that guy in a relationship? I can see you looking at him all wrong.”
Cai Qian Nan asked!
Ji Meiyan smiled and shook her head “What relationship can there be, it doesn’t matter ……”
“Pull down, you take me as a fool ah, I see the two of you not only have a relationship, and certainly slept together.”
Cai Qiannan said with conviction!