Just as the two men were dazed, Chen Ping directly reached out and slapped his hand on the top of the two men’s heads, followed by the Heart Condensation Technique running at a rapid pace, rolling with suction, and began to suck the power from the two men!
The two men instantly turned pale and trembled, as if they had been electrocuted.
In a short span of ten seconds or so, the two Fifth Grade Martial Sects were absorbed by Chen Ping.
This scene directly scared Gu Kaiyuan silly.
“You …… know evil techniques? You’re actually an evil cultivator …………”
Gu Kaiyuan could not believe what was in front of him, he could never have imagined that Chen Ping was actually an evil cultivator!
Moreover, this Devil Subduing Tower did not seem to have sealed Chen Ping’s strength.
“It doesn’t matter if I am an evil cultivator, what matters is that you are going to die ……”
Chen Ping said with cold eyes as he looked at Gu Kaiyuan.
Gu Kaiyuan suddenly sneered, “Chen Ping, do you think you can easily kill me just because the Devil Subduing Tower can’t seal your strength? I tell you, this is my territory, you want to kill me, dream ……”
“Is it a dream, you will soon know ……”
Chen Ping said, the aura on his body instantly exploded, the entire room was filled with Chen Ping’s thick killing aura.
Gu Kaiyuan, on the other hand, violently stomped on the ground, and immediately afterwards the entire building actually began to shake, as if an earthquake had struck!
Gu Kaiyuan then bit through his finger and dripped a drop of blood on the ground.
Instantly, the blood was absorbed by the ground, and immediately afterwards a ripple appeared above the ground!
Countless lines began to glow, and these glows seemed to contain infinite power!
Rumble …………
The walls on the outside of the building began to collapse, while nothing happened inside.
Soon, a huge hexagonal tower appeared!
It turned out that wrapped inside this old building was an iron pagoda!
No wonder Gu Kaiyuan called it the Demon Suppression Tower, it really was a tower!
“Chen Ping ……”
Gu Ling’er clutched Chen Ping’s arm, at this time she had no more spiritual power, following the ordinary people without a doubt!
“Don’t worry, it’s alright ……”
Chen Ping gently comforted Gu Ling’er.
“Chen Ping, if you enter this tower, you will never be able to get out ……”
Gu Kaiyuan laughed out loud, and a circle of light began to flash under Gu Kaiyuan’s feet.
Seeing this, Chen Ping violently rushed towards Gu Kaiyuan.
But with a flash of light, Gu Kaiyuan unexpectedly disappeared straight away, and the circle of light on the ground disappeared with him!
“Ling’er, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping pulled on Gu Ling’er as soon as he could and began to run desperately towards the tower.
The exit was closed by a large door, and Chen Ping swung his palm out with a violent force, trying to smash the door in front of him!
But as Chen Ping’s palm blasted against the gate, a huge recoil hit him at the same time!
Chen Ping’s body was directly shaken and sent flying out, all the way more than ten meters before landing heavily on the ground.
“Chen Ping …………”
Gu Ling’er hurriedly ran over and helped Chen Ping up.
Gu Ling’er’s face was filled with worry.
Chen Ping patted the dirt on his body and slowly walked to the gate again, looking at the several meter high iron gate, there were no patterns or carvings on it, it was just a big iron gate, it looked nothing special, but that recoil force that Chen Ping felt just now, how could it be so great?
“Chen Ping, could there be a forbidden system here, so you can’t open this door?”
Gu Ling’er reminded.
“Even if there is a forbidden system, I will still break through him ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, followed by a tightly clenched fist.
A golden light shone above his fists, and a stream of divine dragon power encircled above both fists!
“Break …………”
Chen Ping shouted angrily as his fists came out in unison and ruthlessly blasted on top of the iron door.
Boom …………
There was another even greater recoil, and Chen Ping’s body this time flew straight out tens of metres, hitting the wall fiercely before coming to a halt.