The Tenth Highness looked at the silent crowd, and a cold smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.
“Xiao imperial dynasty has a capable fighter no, come out a capable fighter ……”
“Letting some cats and dogs to deal with me, are you looking down on me?”
“Where is your Xiao Emperor? Come out a steward ……”
The words of the Tenth Highness were like a poisonous needle, piercing every subject of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty that had existed for thousands of years, with millions of people, was now being stepped on by a child, and no one dared to say a word!
“The God Race that is so proud and arrogant and regards everything under the sky as ants, how come they also come to the tiny Celestial Realm to act like a pussy, does this mean that the God Race has declined and can only find some low level worlds to act like a pussy?”
A voice slowly rang out from the surrounding debris, followed by a sound of rubble, a person dressed in tattered clothes and shaped like a beggar stood up!
This person’s body was covered with patched clothes, his hair was messy and dry, and there was a lot of dust on it, covering most of his face!
Holding a slightly bent wooden stick in his hand, he supported himself and walked out from the rubble!
Everyone turned their eyes towards this beggar who appeared out of nowhere!
No one recognised him, but Chen Ping stared at the beggar dead on, from the beggar’s words, he knew of the existence of the Divine Race, and by the looks of it, he was not a Celestial Realm cultivator!
Perhaps it was also a Heavenly Realm cultivator who was left behind in the Celestial Realm at the time of the God-Devil War and was trapped by the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation!
“Old Divine Sovereign?”
At this moment, that old prime minister suddenly looked startled and hurriedly shouted out!
Hearing the three words Old Godly Monarch, all the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were stunned, and then they all knelt down in front of that beggar in unison!
Chen Ping was a bit surprised and hurriedly asked, “Xiao Emperor, why are you all here?”
“Mr Chen does not know, the old Godly Monarch is the life-saver of our Xiao Imperial Dynasty, now we still have a Godly Monarch Guan in our Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and the person worshipped in it is the old Godly Monarch.”
“Back then, during the God-Devil War, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty also suffered a destructive blow, fortunately, a Dao Monarch stepped in to protect part of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s foundation, which allowed our Xiao Imperial Dynasty to develop to the present day.”
“That is why our Xiao Imperial Dynasty established a Taoist Temple to feed this Godly Monarch who saved our Xiao Imperial Dynasty every day, and I did not expect that the person in front of me is that Godly Monarch.”
Xiao Feng explained after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping could also be sure at this moment that the beggar in front of him was the person from the Heavenly Realm!
However, that beggar did not look at those people who were kneeling on the ground of Emperor Xiao’s son, but instead, his eyes were staring at Chen Ping with dead eyes!
This time, it made Chen Ping look a little hairy in his heart, he didn’t know why this guy was staring at himself!
“Shit, this old bastard, making a beggar’s appearance, I can barely recognise him.”
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord opened his mouth to curse!
“Senior, you recognise this person?”Chen Ping asked!
“Of course, this fellow is called Wufei, they call him Daoist Wufei, I have seen him twice.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Then senior is a friend after this Daoist Wufei?”Chen Ping was overjoyed!
If that was the case, then he would also be able to rely on this relationship with Daoist Wouwei to fight against the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Friends?”The Red Cloud Demon Lord snorted coldly, “Is he worthy of being friends with me? Little rubbish ……”
Chen Ping froze and was instantly speechless!
“Old man Wuwei, I didn’t expect you guys to be much in the Xiao Dynasty as well.”
At this time, Master Limitless also recognised the beggar in front of him and rushed forward to say!
Only then did Daoist Wufei move his gaze away when he heard Master Wufei’s voice!
“Immeasurable Vulture, it’s great that you’re still alive and haven’t been able to return to the Heavenly Realm either.”
After Daoist Wufei saw Master Immeasurable, he faintly smiled and said!
“You don’t need to be poor with me, you’d better get this little than pup in front of you killed, or else we won’t be able to survive.”
Instead of following Daoist Wufei’s poor talk, Master Wufei said with a single finger at that Ten Highnesses!