“What am I going to do? Is there no way to reach the other side?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Of course there is, that is to go around, this sword of mine didn’t cut out very far! Do you really think that I can cut this Heavenly Human Realm in half?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, it seemed that he could only go around, hoping that it really was the same as what the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had said, that there wasn’t much distance!
“Mr Chen, I’ll go over and scout the way, there are so many pole stones across the way, it would be a shame if we don’t get our hands on them!”
Bing Lu said!
“Don’t go over there, it’s too dangerous, this crack can’t be crossed, if you want to go over there, it’s only by going round it!”
Chen Ping hurriedly stopped Bing Lu and said!
“Go around?”
Ice Dew froze!
The other Holy Maidens were also a bit puzzled, as far as this crack was concerned, although it looked wide, it was still easily able to be crossed over!
“Can’t you see that the stone I threw out just now was directly torn apart by the breath in the crack!”
Chen Ping said!
“It’s just a stone, what does that mean ah, the toughness of our body is not something that can be compared to a stone.”
Lan Yingying said!
“Right, as long as we wrap our body with our breath, won’t we be fine, if we go around here, I don’t know how long we have to walk!”
Bing Lu was also against going around, after all, this crack couldn’t be seen at a glance!
Right in front of them were piles of pole stones, to make them go around, what if this was discovered by others!
“We must go around, this is an order!”
Chen Ping said with a cold expression!
He couldn’t just take someone and test them, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would never lie!
Seeing Chen Ping’s stern tone, Bing Lu was not making a sound, after all, the Palace Master had said before he left that he wanted them to follow Chen Ping’s command!
And they had seen Chen Ping’s true strength, so they were submissive to Chen Ping!
However, that Lan Yingying seemed to have some different opinions, but did not say anything!
Chen Ping led the way a dozen or so miles ahead, allowing the many Holy Maidens to follow behind, so that if they found danger, they would be able to retreat in time!
But just as they were moving forward, that Lan Yingying found Binglu!
“Binglu, why are you guys listening to that Chen Ping, this pole stone is clearly right in front of us, but we are not allowed to get it, we have to make a diversion, this is going to be a detour of monkeys and months!”
Lan Yingying asked to Binglu!
“Sister Yingying, this is the meaning of the Palace Master, let us listen to Mr Chen’s arrangement!”
Bing Lu said!
“We’ll follow that Chen Ping, you can just secretly send two Saint Maidens over to retrieve the Pole Stone.”
“That Chen Ping won’t be able to find out, when the pole stone is retrieved, we’ll talk to him and see what else he can say.”
“It’s just a crack, how terrifying can it be!”
Blue Yingying said to Binglu!
Although Blue Yingying was older, but she was only responsible for managing the outer disciples, so for the Holy Maiden, she didn’t have the right to order and could only look for Binglu!
“Sister Yingying, this isn’t good, if Mr Chen finds out, he’ll be angry.”
Bing Lu was a little embarrassed!
“It’s fine, we’re also trying to get the Pole Stone, once the Pole Stone is in our hands, he won’t be able to say anything!”
Lan Yingying was still persuading Binglu!
Ice Dew hesitated, then nodded and said “Alright, I’ll go make the arrangements!”
Ice Dew then arranged for the two final Saint Maidens to wait for the others to move forward, so that the two of them could quietly cross over the crack and retrieve the pole stone!
The two Saint Maidens nodded and began to make preparations!
Chen Ping had no idea about Bing Lu’s arrangement and was still scouting ahead, after all, this place was all an unknown area and there was no telling what dangers there were!
Bing Lu and the girls followed behind, and had just walked forwards for a while when the last two Saint Maidens looked at each other before leaping up!
The two bodies instantly took to the air, heading directly towards the other side of the rift!
But just as the two of them had just reached the sky above the rift, suddenly countless auras that were like blades erupted from within the rift!
The two Saint Maidens were unable to react in any way in time, and were instantly strangled by this aura, falling into the crack!