In an instant, a wave of power like water headed towards Chen Ping!
This power caused the heavens and earth to tremble and dark clouds to sweep in!
Many people who didn’t know about it ran out of their rooms to look at the vision in the sky!
Even the people in the Dragon Family ran out in droves!
“That’s the direction of the Martial Alliance, I wonder how Mr. Chen is doing?”
“Don’t worry, Mr. Chen will be fine!”
“I hope the heavens bless Mr. Chen.”
The Long Family crowd all prayed for Chen Ping.
Boom!
There was a huge explosion and Chen Ping only felt a rolling wave of heat hit him!
But Chen Ping didn’t turn around to check, he could only hope that Ge Yuhan was alright!
As the smoke cleared, Ning Zhi was catching up, but there was no sign of Chen Ping long ago!
“D*mn it, I can’t believe I let him get away, what the hell is that woman?”
Ning Zhi couldn’t help but break into a cursing fit.
“You have the Martial Saint Artifact in your hand, that Chen Ping is no longer enough to worry about!”
Soul Spirit said indifferently.
“That’s true too!”
Ning Zhi gently stroked the vajra in his hand, his eyes filled with searing heat!
And at that moment, Chen Ping fled back to the Dragon Family in some disarray, and the crowd all breathed a sigh of relief when they saw that Chen Ping had returned!
Because the commotion in the direction of the Martial Alliance just now was too great!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
When Gu Ling’er saw Chen Ping, she hurriedly rushed up and checked Chen Ping’s body.
“I’m fine!”
Chen Ping’s face was a little pale, then he turned to look at Ge Yuhan, who had been following him, and checked Ge Yuhan’s body with a face full of concern.
Seeing this scene, a flash of jealousy flashed across Gu Ling’er’s eyes!
Although Ge Yuhan looked dumb and dumber, not moving at all like a wooden man!
But after all, she was a woman, and Chen Ping was touching around on her body, so of course Gu Ling’er was jealous.
“Fortunately, fortunately, this flesh body is still really strong ……”
Chen Ping checked and found that there was not a single injury on Ge Yuhan’s body, and happily patted Ge Yuhan on the shoulder!
“Chen Ping, people are at least a girl, what have you become by touching around on her body.”
Gu Ling’er pouted her lips and reminded Chen Ping!
When the others saw this, they laughed, they knew that Gu Ling’er was jealous!
“Ling’er, are you jealous?”
Chen Ping laughed.
“Who’s jealous, I’m just reminding you ……”
Gu Ling’er finished speaking and turned around to run back to her room!
Chen Ping followed close behind, he had to follow Gu Ling’er and explain!
Ge Yuhan followed behind Chen Ping, and now where Chen Ping went, she went!
After entering the room, looking at Gu Ling’er’s slightly angry face, Chen Ping explained, “Ling’er, listen to me …………”
Chen Ping told Gu Ling’er about Ge Yuhan’s life after her, except that he didn’t tell Gu Ling’er about his identity as the Heavenly Dragon Hall’s Hall Master!
Listening to Chen Ping, Gu Ling’er’s gaze towards Ge Yuhan was filled with pity!
“This is too pitiful, so do you have a way to make her recover?”
Gu Ling’er asked as she turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head, “I don’t have a way yet, so I’m going to take Yu Han on a trip to the Pill God Valley to see if I can find an elixir that will allow her to recover.”
“If the elixir doesn’t work, then we’ll have to think of another way.”
“What other way can we think of?” Gu Ling’er asked.
“Perhaps the Runic Art can bring back the soul ……”
Chen Ping had always been interested in Runic Arts ever since he had made a trip to the Heavenly Rune Sect and learnt how powerful they were!
After following Gu Ling’er for a while, Chen Ping was ready to go and rest!
Following Ning Zhi’s battle, although it wasn’t fatal, Chen Ping was still bruised at this point and needed to recuperate for a while!
But soon, Chen Ping discovered a very embarra*sing problem.
That was that when Chen Ping slept, Ge Yuhan would be with him, which meant that they had to share a room as a lone man and a woman!