The barrier was instantly shattered, followed by the tremendous force that caused Tiger Li Daxian’s palm to crumble!
Blood pouring out, Tiger Li Daxian retreated repeatedly, his face full of shock!
Chen Ping’s confidence grew as he landed a punch.
“Good boy, looks like I’m going to have some fun with you ……”
With that, the human head that Tiger Li Daxian had originally transfigured into, reverted back to the appearance of a tiger’s head.
With a tiger’s whistle, Tiger Li Daxian’s entire body lit up with a black glow!
This glow became more and more intense, and had the momentum to compare the golden light on Chen Ping’s body!
As the black light on Tiger Li Daxian’s body lit up, the whole sky unexpectedly began to turn dark as well!
A terrifying, ominous aura enveloped the entire Penglai Island!
Chen Ping felt this aura and his face turned ugly!
The Dragon Cutting Sword was instantly sacrificed, and a blazing spirit fire burned above the sword!
Chen Ping had never encountered such an aura before, so he could only exert his spirit fire to see if he could restrain this eerie aura of death!
Tiger Li Daxian slowly raised his hands, and between them, a black ball of lightning flashed!
A huge suction force emanated from within the ball of light, seemingly sucking away all surrounding strength that showed signs of life!
The terrifying power came over him, and Chen Ping held his sword in both hands, his face becoming increasingly grave!
This Tiger Li Daxian had been promoted to the Transformation Realm after all, and it would not be possible to defeat him with a single move.
Tiger Li Daxian’s body floated up, like a god of death, suspended in the dark mid-air!
“Go to hell …………”
“Rumble …………”
The black ball of light was thrown directly towards Chen Ping by Tiger Li Daxian.
The endless pressure and terrifying power instantly reached Chen Ping’s face.
The terrifying aura of death caused the entire Penglai Island to become oppressive.
When Chen Ping felt the aura, it was like seeing countless gods of death with scythes, constantly waving the scythes in their hands towards him.
The terrifying aura made Chen Ping’s legs involuntarily want to retreat backwards!
But Chen Ping gritted his teeth to death, and as he mouthed the words, the spirit fire on the Dragon Chopper Sword became even more vigorous!
A stream of divine power was injected into the Dragon Cutting Sword at the same time, and the power of the divine dragon fuelled the spirit fire, burning even more fiercely!
The Dragon Cutting Sword began to emit a humming sound, accompanied by tremors!
The Dragon Cutting Sword seemed to be a little impatient!
“Nine Shadows Divine Sword …………”
With a furious cry, Chen Ping stood in place, and surprisingly, four identical Chen Ping’s instantly appeared!
A total of five Chen Ping’s, all of them holding the Dragon Cutting Sword that was burning with spirit fire.
“Humph, a mere blindfold technique, how dare you use it in front of me ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had become five at once, Tiger Li Daxian sneered with disdain.
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to him, instead he slashed the Zenglong Sword in his hand down in a fury!
A huge sword aura stormed up from above the Dragon Chopping Sword.
Five streaks of sword qi shot out, and at last they actually joined together, sending out a huge tremor!
Chen Ping’s hand was trembling slightly as he held the Dragon Slashing Sword.
As this sword came out, the four phantoms that Chen Ping had conjured up also instantly disappeared!
This sword had used up most of Chen Ping’s spiritual energy, and he could no longer support himself to continue using the Nine Shadow Divine Sword.
The sword energy emitted a blazing spirit fire, instantly following that black ball of light as it collided into each other.
The spirit fire wrapped around the black ball of light and sizzled so intensely that some crackling sounds could be heard!
The black ball of light stopped attacking Chen Ping, that sword just now, directly blocked the black ball of light!
When Tiger Li Tai Sin saw this, he tried to take the black ball of light back into his hand!
But the black ball of light was still wrapped in spirit fire, which rose to a height of over a metre, and Tiger Li Daxian was afraid that the spirit fire would burn him.