But the two men had just entered the door when they saw Li Shouyi and two other strangers there, and immediately froze!
“Pavilion Master Li, when did you …… you come?”
Gu Ling’er asked as she turned to Li Shouyi.
After all, Li Shouyi used to be Gu Ling’er’s leader, and although Gu Ling’er had now resigned, she still looked a bit formal when she saw Li Shouyi!
“Ling’er, we are here to see Mr. Chen!”
Li Shouyi said, before pointing at the middle-aged man, “This is Lord Zhao from Kyoto!”
“Lord Zhao, this is the ancient granddaughter of Gu Wentian, once a great general under me, only now she has resigned!”
Li Shouyi smiled awkwardly and introduced each other!
As soon as Gu Ling’er heard that it was a big shot from Kyoto, she immediately put down the things in her hand and hurriedly walked over, “How are you, Lord Zhao!”
“Hahahaha, so it’s Ancient’s granddaughter, nice to meet you, nice to meet you ……”
The middle-aged man said with a chuckle!
“Is Chen Ping not here?”
Su Yuqi was a bit puzzled, the family was here, how come Chen Ping was not here.
“Oh, Miss Su, Mr. Chen sent someone to tell us to wait, but it’s been ten minutes since we’ve waited, and there’s still no sign of Mr. Chen ……”
Li Shouyi said with slight dissatisfaction!
Su Yuqi was not stupid, she knew Chen Ping very well, since Chen Ping had told Li Shouyi to wait for them, then he must have his own ideas.
“Since he said to wait, there must be something important that needs to be dealt with, right, Pavilion Master Li, you guys sit down first, let’s go and change our clothes ……”
Su Yuqi is unwilling to get involved in things here, what Chen Ping does and how he does it, all Su Yuqi needs to do is to support, as for right or wrong, Su Yuqi won’t try to argue, she knows what a woman should do!
“Shouyi, this is …………”
The middle-aged man looked at Su Yuqi and asked Li Shouyi.
“Lord Zhao, this is Mr. Chen’s girlfriend, Miss Su Yuqi!”
Li Shouyi hurriedly introduced!
“So it’s Mr. Chen’s girlfriend, I’ve disturbed you much ……”
Upon hearing this, the middle-aged man hurriedly followed Su Yuqi with a smile on his face and nodded his head.
Su Yuqi also smiled slightly: “Lord Zhao is polite, you guys sit down first, if you need, you can order the underlings, we’ll go and change our clothes!”
After saying that, Su Yuqi took Gu Ling’er upstairs!
“Ling’er, what’s the sudden arrival of a big shot from Kyoto looking for Chen Ping? Could it be because of that Qin Feng?”
After Su Yuqi went upstairs, she asked Gu Ling’er with some worry.
“I’m not sure, if it’s really because of that Qin Feng coming, I won’t let Chen Ping take the blame for me, I’ll just go down and admit that I killed that Qin Feng!”
Gu Ling’er shook her head, but if these people really came because of Qin Feng, Gu Ling’er wouldn’t let Chen Ping take the blame for her!
“Alright, let’s see later!”
Su Yuqi glanced downstairs before going into her room to change her clothes!
At this moment, Xiao Li in the living room looked a little annoyed.
“It’s simply too much, what’s the big deal, how dare you put up such a big fight, knowing that we’re here, but making us wait for so long!”
Little Li said in a very unpleasant manner.
But this time, neither that middle-aged man nor Li Shouyi said anything, since they had already come, they had no choice but to wait!
A full half an hour later, Chen Ping then slowly walked in with Red Phoenix and Lin Tianhu!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing that Chen Ping had arrived, Li Shouyi immediately got up and said.
And when that little Li saw that Chen Ping was only about his own age, but that he was full of faction and had a big stance, he immediately scolded, “Do you people know how to be polite? Our Court Master has been waiting for you here for half an hour, do you know how valuable our Court Master’s time is?”
Little Li’s rebuke immediately caused Lin Tianhu’s and Red Phoenix’s faces to turn cold, and the killing aura on their bodies instantly diffused out, directly enveloping them towards that Little Li!