“That’s just right, I want to see which clans and families are following the Ning Family close, then I’ll strike at them one by one!”
Chen Ping said with a cold intent.
Seeing that Chen Ping was determined, Zhao Wuji could not persuade him, so he hurriedly left and went to find Mr. Shi.
Chen Ping was alone against so many clans, that was a sure defeat!
Zhao Wuji did not know that Chen Ping’s strength at this moment was not what it used to be.
Taking a step towards the Ning family villa!
Just as he reached the entrance, Chen Ping was stopped by the guards at the entrance.
“Hello, may I ask if you have an invitation?”
The guard asked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head.
“You can’t enter without an invitation, get lost ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping did not have an invitation and was about to walk inside, the guard instantly turned his face cold.
“I’m here to give a gift to your Young Master Ning.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Sending a gift? Sending what?”
The guard saw that Chen Ping’s hands were empty, he hadn’t brought any gifts at all!
“A gift of a human head!”
Chen Ping finished, reached out and grabbed the guard with one hand, then twisted the human head off.
Walking into the villa hall, Chen Ping threw the human head in his hand straight out.
With a crash …………
The human head rolled on the table in the middle, intending a lot of cups.
The crowd was also taken aback by this sudden scene.
But after all, they are all leaders of the major sects and families, what kind of scenes have they not seen before.
The scene soon calmed down.
Ning Zhi’s face was full of anger as he looked towards the door.
After he saw Chen Ping’s figure, his eyes faintly stared.
“Chen Ping?” Ning Zhi was somewhat surprised, “I didn’t expect you to have come out, since you’re out of the gate, why don’t you hurry and run for your life, and still dare to come here to seek death?”
“Where are the four villains?”
Chen Ping asked in a cold voice.
“So you are looking for the Four Villains, I can tell you that they are inside my Ning Family’s water prison, do you want to go and accompany him?”
Ning Zhi smiled faintly.
“Cut the f*cking crap, either hand over the man or die ……”
Chen Ping’s voice was cold and incomparable, carrying a chilling killing intent.
“Hahahaha, are you out of your f*cking mind, you don’t even look at who I have here.”
“With just you, you dare to come to my Ning family and ask for someone?”
“I think you’re tired of living.”
Ning Zhi laughed loudly, he did not think Chen Ping had that ability to kill himself in front of so many experts.
“It’s all just a bunch of rabble, those who don’t want to die, leave the Ning family immediately, and anyone who stays, I will make you all disappear from Kyoto one by one.”
Chen Ping swept a glance at the crowd at the scene.
Chen Ping’s words instantly angered the crowd, knowing that these people were all heads of clan and family, and had never been so humiliated before.
“You are Chen Ping, you are young, but you have a big mouth, today I will let you taste my methods!”
Sect Master He of the Ting Heavenly Sect bellowed angrily, a tyrannical aura emanating from his body.
“Just you? A lackey, you are worthy to fight me?”
Chen Ping laughed coldly, and his aura instantly exploded.
“I’ll kill you ……”
Sect Master He was furious, although their Dingtian Sect was attached to the Ning Family, how could they tolerate being called a lapdog directly?
With a single slap, Sect Master He slapped out towards Chen Ping, and a mountain of powerful qi swept towards Chen Ping.
The strength of the peak Martial Sect was not to be underestimated.
A golden light radiated from Chen Ping’s body, and that terrifying aura caused everyone to feel their breath tighten instantly!
“Sect Master He, don’t be reckless ……”
Ning Zhi saw this and hurriedly tried to block it.
Unfortunately, it was already too late, as Sect Master He’s figure hurriedly came out, heading straight for Chen Ping.
“This is it?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, and immediately afterwards, he smashed out with a fist.
Above his fist, a brilliant golden light shone as it smashed directly into Sect Master He’s chest.
Boom!
One could only see Chen Ping’s fist directly piercing through Sect Master He’s body.
Blood spurted everywhere, and the bloody aura gushed out at once.