Elder Tu still wanted to resist, but he saw Chen Ping exerting a fierce force!
Ka-ching!
Elder Tu’s entire arm, however, was ripped off by Chen Ping’s force!
“Ah…………”
Elder Tu screamed miserably!
Both legs were gone, and now he had lost an arm!
“Still think you are a Mahayana realm expert, I pooh……”
Chen Ping spat viciously!
“I’ll kill you …………”
Elder Tu waved his only remaining arm and hissed loudly!
This fellow, even at this point in time, was still thinking of killing Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then kicked, instantly shattering Elder Tu’s shoulder blade and sending his entire arm flying out!
This time, both of Elder Tu’s hands and feet were gone, only a mouth remained, constantly roaring in rage!
Chen Ping directly stepped on that Elder Tu’s head, causing that Elder Tu’s mouth to whimper and not be able to make a sound!
“You scream, keep screaming?”
Chen Ping sneered as he looked at Elder Tu!
Elder Tu’s face was deformed, and his mouth made sounds unwillingly!
One must know that in the beginning, he had not put Chen Ping in his eyes at all, as a Mahayana Realm, he felt that with a wave of his hand, he would be able to let Chen Ping die without a burial place!
But now?
He himself was trampled under Chen Ping’s feet, yet he could not do anything at all!
This feeling of going from heaven to hell made Elder Tu wish to die immediately!
“Kill me, kill me ……”
Elder Tu struggled to spit out a few words from his mouth!
At this moment, he felt that dying would be better than this!
“Want to die?”Chen Ping laughed, “The more you want to die, the more I won’t let you die, I’ll have to torture you properly before I can do that.”
“You forced me to run around and finally came to this cave in an unknown place, if I don’t torture you to call your father, then count me as incompetent!”
Chen Ping did want to kill this Elder Tu at first, but now he decided to keep him and torture him!
Chen Ping loosened his foot to avoid stomping this fellow to death!
“I will not be humiliated, absolutely not ……”
Elder Tu hissed as his body suddenly bulged!
At a glance, it was clear that this fellow was going to explode himself!
Chen Ping was quick on his feet and kicked him in the back, a mouthful of blood sprayed out from Elder Tu, and that bulging body instantly wilted!
“You want to explode yourself, what a beautiful thought, I will destroy your dantian, let’s see how you can still explode yourself!”
Chen Ping sneered as he looked at that Elder Tu!
“Ah …… kill me, if you don’t kill me, I will definitely kill you, and our Ghost Face Sect will never let you go!”
Elder Tu roared in despair!
“Hahaha, I won’t kill you, didn’t you say that you would make my life worse than death? I want to see who is worse than death!”
Chen Ping’s laughed loudly, then opened Elder Tu’s storage bag!
Inside the storage bag were a lot of precious weapons, pills, and various cultivation resources, worthy of being an elder of the Ghost Face Sect, there were indeed quite a lot of things!
However, there was nothing of particular value!
But if you think about it, you can also understand that the Ghost Face Sect, as a demonic clan, has always been in hiding, even as an elder of the Ghost Face Sect, it is impossible to get anything of particular value!
“I really don’t know how you practiced to the Mahayana realm when you are so f*cking poor.”
Chen Ping said to Elder Tu after rummaging through the storage bag!
Elder Tu’s face was red with anger, but there was no way to answer Chen Ping’s question!
He could only look at Chen Ping viciously and said, “Kid, we have now teleported to an unknown region, and this should be a dead place, even if you torture me, you yourself will never want to leave this place.”
“Your destiny is also to die alone, when that time comes, you alone, will be in endless loneliness!”
“Is this a place of death?”
Chen Ping was stunned, then he emitted his divine sense to probe deeper into the cave, but his divine sense was always blocked by an inexplicable force!