“Greetings, Lord President ……”
Although Kawaguchi Kazuo was not weak in strength and had been an island envoy.
But in the face of these people from the shrine, he could only bow his head, after all, in the island country, the shrine’s status was the highest.
“Kawaguchi Kazuo, what business do you have at the shrine?”
Ono Koichi asked.
“Lord President, I know who killed Kazuo Watanabe and Chishikawa.”
Kazuo Kawaguchi said.
“Who was it?” Ono Hiromichi stood up with excitement.
“It should be that Watanabe Fumio and Chen Ping.” Kawaguchi Kazuo replied.
“That’s the man?” Ono Hiromichi handed the photo to Kawaguchi Kazuo.
Kawaguchi Kazuo took a look and said, “Good, that’s him, this man is Chen Ping.”
“This guy is young, but he was able to kill Chishikawa, what kind of strength is he?”
Tanaka Maki said with a frown.
“In reply to Tanaka-sama’s words, I am not sure exactly what strength this person is, but I, the peak strength of this Grand Martial Marquis, lost at his hands.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo told the story of his encounter in Daxia, following a few people.
“I implore Lord President to be able to save me ……”
The reason why Kawaguchi Kazuo told everything was so that he could get shelter from the shrine!
As for the poison Chen Ping had given him, if he could only get the shrine’s gods to intervene, it would be lifted in a minute!
“Hmph, how dare a Daxia man bully me like that.”
Ono Hiroshi’s body emitted an aura as majestic as an ocean.
A white aura then instantly shot out, which struck Kawaguchi Kazuo’s body and instantly spread out!
“You are not poisoned, it should have been that Chen Ping who tricked you.”
Ono Koichi spoke up.
“Lord President, I this ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo was a little unconvinced, but just as he was about to speak, he was glared back at by Mieko.
“Could it be that you are questioning the president’s words?” Mieko said icily.
“I dare not, I dare not ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo shook his head hastily, then slowly withdrew from the shrine!
“Mieko, since this Watanabe Fumio is eating his way out, you go and take over the Watanabe family.”
“As for that Chen Ping, let Tanaka-kun deal with it.”
“This is a small matter, I don’t wish to disturb the gods.”
Ono Koichi said.
“Yes ……”
Mieko and Tanaka Maki rose at the same time and bowed in response!
After both Mieko and Tanaka Maki had left, the old man who had never spoken slowly rose, followed by a violent opening of his mouth wide!
A black mist darted out of his mouth and into the statue of the gods at the back of the shrine!
Seeing this, Koichi Ono rushed forward to hold the old man’s flesh and put it in a dark pavilion!
Right after Chizuru Shrine’s Yu and Chen Ping’s plan, the action began immediately!
And without Chen Ping knowing anything at all, several people were living in the villa of the Watanabe family!
Chen Ping was waiting, because the shrine in the island country, every year, holds a festival.
And Chen Ping planned to take that Chizuru Shrine down with a pinch of salt at this festival event.
Chen Ping’s daily life is taken care of by Miko.
On this day, Chen Ping was sunbathing when Yumiko brought a gla*s of juice, squatted down beside Chen Ping and put the straw in his mouth!
“Master, please drink the juice ……”
Yumiko said in a sweet voice.
“Yumiko, you don’t have to call me master every day, just call me by my name.”
Chen Ping was a bit resistant to the word master ……
“Master, you are the master of our Watanabe family, I am not allowed to call you by your name, we, the island family, are only allowed to have one master’s, and once identified, follow for life.”
Yumiko said in a small voice.
When Chen Ping heard that, he didn’t care anymore, he could call her whatever he liked!
But just as Chen Ping was about to open his mouth to drink the juice, his brow suddenly furrowed and his eyes looked coldly above the villa’s fence.