“Hahahaha …………”
Seeing this wretched appearance of Chen Ping, the four black copper robes instantly laughed out loud.
Chen Ping looked somewhat helpless at the moment, and could only look angrily at the four, facing this spatial magic weapon, Chen Ping was helpless.
Because every sword maneuver spell could be swallowed by this spell artifact, there was no way for Chen Ping to destroy this spell artifact.
As long as this spatial artefact was not destroyed, Chen Ping would not be able to get past these four black bronze robes!
But just when Chen Ping was helpless, a familiar dense voice once again entered Chen Ping’s ears, “This spatial magic artifact is capable of devouring any spiritual spells, but it cannot devour physical bodies or pure power, do you understand?”
Chen Ping froze for a moment, and then a brilliant light flashed in his eyes as he seemed to understand.
Although this spatial magic weapon was powerful, it could not devour the flesh body, which meant that it could not transport a person to another dimension, and what it could devour was only the spells that relied on spiritual power, if it relied on the flesh body’s own power, that meant that there was no way for this spatial magic weapon to devour it.
Chen Ping looked towards Ge Fuhai gratefully, then put away the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly, and the power of the divine Dragon was also collected directly into his body!
He would use the power of his physical body to shatter this spatial artifact, as long as then he would have the power to follow these four black bronze robes in a single battle.
After Chen Ping had been promoted to the Third Realm of the Firstborn, his fleshly body had also been greatly enhanced.
Now, even without the augmentation of the Incorruptible Golden Body, Chen Ping’s fleshly body was still incredibly strong.
When the four black bronze robes saw that Chen Ping had unexpectedly put away the Dragon Cutting Sword and even collected his aura, they all froze slightly and frowned slightly.
“Could it be that that boy has seen through the method of breaking this spatial magic weapon?”
A black copper robe whispered.
“Forget about it first, do something to kill him, we can’t let him get near that magic artifact!”
The other Black Bronze Robe said, and then smashed his fist towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was without his imperishable golden body to protect his body and had all his aura collected, so he was now an ordinary man, and all this black bronze robe did was strike with full confidence!
Boom!
The black bronze robe arrived in front of Chen Ping with great speed and smashed fiercely on Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping personally flew backwards and fell directly to the ground.
Slowly rising to his feet, Chen Ping looked at his body, his face growing colder and colder.
The black bronze robe looked at Chen Ping with astonishment, he did not expect Chen Ping to be able to resist his punch with his flesh at this moment, but he was not seriously hurt!
Only at this moment, Chen Ping’s attention was not on these four people, but kept looking at the spatial magic weapon in mid-air!
The four black bronze robes also saw Chen Ping’s intention, so they shouted, “Kid, you don’t stand a chance ……”
After saying that, the four of them simultaneously activated their spells and a ray of light attacked towards Chen Ping!
As Black Bronze Robes, each of them had a soul spirit lodged within them, so the number of spells they practiced was countless!
An overwhelming array of spells smashed directly at Chen Ping.
Each one was like a heavenly thunderbolt, blasting at Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping did not have the Incorruptible Golden Body to protect his body, so he could only rely on his physical body to resist.
As Chen Ping dodged, he leaned closer to the spatial artefact!
But the dense spells kept bombarding Chen Ping’s body, making it very difficult for Chen Ping to take every step forward.
Chen Ping only felt as if his body was being scorched in flames!
Wounds appeared, and blood continued to spurt out!
At this moment, the people around the martial arts arena were all stunned when they saw the scene before them.
They couldn’t understand what kind of perseverance Chen Ping was relying on to hold on!
Under such an attack, even an iron man would be blown to pieces!
While being shocked, the crowd could not help but admire the strength of Chen Ping’s fleshly body!
“D*mn, this guy’s flesh is too perverted, if we don’t kill him today, he will become a big problem in the future ……”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping’s perverted fleshly body and felt a burst of trepidation in his heart.