Long Xiao’s face couldn’t be more ugly, but he didn’t dare to say anything.
That casual slap from Ge Fuhai just now had let him know the gap between himself and Ge Fuhai!
No one had expected that Ge Fuhai, who had always been uncontested in the world, would have such strong strength!
“Ge Family Master, you have to think carefully ……”
Zhu Zhishan was also trembling in his heart after seeing the strength Ge Fuhai had exposed!
“Cut the crap, if I find out that your Martial Alliance has touched my son and daughter, you know the consequences ……”
Ge Fuhai finished speaking and turned to look at Dong Liqun, “Brother Dong, let’s go ……”
Seeing this, Dong Liqun hurriedly led his men to follow Ge Fuhai and left.
Watching Chen Ping being taken away, Zhu Zhishan raised the sky and roared, “Wait, I will make all of you pay ……”
Long Xiao, on the other hand, had a gloomy face and his eyes were slightly narrowed together.
At this moment, he was extremely struck by an extremely strong blow, he had always thought that he had a soul spirit possessing his body, in addition to his exceptional talent and extremely fast cultivation speed.
Now he was a man of standing in the martial arts world of Kyoto!
But one blow after another made him recognise the reality that there are people outside the sky …………
…………
“Master Ge, thank you so much, thanks to you this time, or else we and Mr. Chen would have been buried in that martial arts arena ……”
Halfway through the journey, Dong Liqun actually knelt down directly to Ge Fuhai.
Dong Liqun knew that if Ge Fuhai did not step in, none of them would be able to escape.
It didn’t matter if they died, but Chen Ping couldn’t die!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, there wouldn’t be a Dong family now!
Dong Liqun had wronged Chen Ping once, and he would not do anything to lose his conscience, so for Chen Ping’s sake, he could die!
“Brother Dong, what are you doing, I’m just not used to seeing the style of that Martial Alliance.”
“What’s more, what happened to my daughter must have been done by people from the Martial Dao Alliance, when I find the evidence, I will go and ask for an explanation directly.”
Ge Fuhai helped Dong Liqun up, and then continued, “Brother Dong, where do you plan to send Chen Ping?”
Dong Liqun took a look at the seriously injured Chen Ping, hesitated, and said helplessly, “Mr. Chen is seriously injured, so he can only go to the Dong family first, and wait for a few days to recuperate.”
“Brother Dong, that Martial Alliance and the Dragon Family are eyeing Chen Ping, if we bring him to the Dong Family and the Martial Alliance goes to demand him, can your Dong Family resist?”
Ge Fuhai asked.
Dong Liqun froze, then shook his head awkwardly, “No, but if we send Mr. Chen to the Pill God Valley now, I’m afraid his body won’t be able to stand it ……”
Chen Ping was now covered in blood and looked like he was going to die at any moment.
“Brother Dong, if you trust me, then take Chen Ping to my house, I believe that the Martial Alliance would not dare to go to my house, nor would they think that Chen Ping would recuperate in our Ge family ……”
Ge Fuhai said with a sincere face.
Dong Liqun looked at the unconscious Chen Ping, then nodded heavily, “Good, then thank you very much, Master Ge Family ……”
Soon, Chen Ping was sent to the Ge family to recuperate, and Ge Fuhai had found a very comfortable room for Chen Ping!
“Dad, why did you give up your ancestral training for the sake of a Chen Ping and get involved in the martial arts world?”
Ge Jiayi asked, very puzzled.
The Ge family had an ancestral motto that forbade them from getting involved in any martial world strife!
So for so many years, the Ge family had always kept to themselves and never fought with anyone!
“There are some things that you can’t do just because you want to keep to yourself, the martial world is going to change now, there won’t be any more peaceful days in the future, there are many things you don’t understand and don’t need to understand, you just need to cultivate at ease!”
Ge Fuhai sent Ge Chia-Yi away, then took out a black paste pill, stuffed it into Chen Ping’s mouth, and left!