Zheng An Guo’s face was filled with surprise after hearing this, he had been in South Lake for such a long time, but he was still unaware that there were other sects in his territory!
“Mr. Chen, thanks for telling me, I will pay attention to it ……”
If Chen Ping hadn’t told him, Zheng An Guo wouldn’t have known at all!
But it was also because people from the Demon Spirit Sect didn’t easily walk around in the secular world, much less hurt people casually in the secular world, so for so many years, Zheng Anguo just didn’t notice it!
After leaving South Lake, Chen Ping took Jiang Wei, Pocky Hu and Zhou Jie straight to Penglai Island!
Zhou Jie was now following Hu Puzi as a husband and wife, so Chen Ping could only let her follow him. Moreover, if Zhou Jie followed him, it would be of great help in opening the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect and rescuing Su Yuqi.
Meanwhile, on Penglai Island, Du Nan sat worriedly on his throne!
Ever since Chen Ping had destroyed the Blood Demon’s stone statue, there had been visions on Penglai Island, causing many people to flee the island!
But Du Nan did not leave, but continued to lead people to live on Penglai Island, at least it was isolated from the world and free from strife!
At least it was isolated from the world and free from strife!
Only these days, suddenly people kept coming to Penglai Island, and each one was highly powerful!
This made Du Nan a bit restless, although these people didn’t do anything and stationed themselves on the island without showing their first, but so many experts suddenly came on the island, but still made Du Nan’s heart not quiet!
He sent people to keep an eye on those people’s movements all the time, and also sent someone to Kyoto with the intention of informing Chen Ping!
Just as many clans and families in the secular world were concerned about Penglai, there were also many clans in the major secret realms that were also concerned about Penglai Island!
Penglai Island was the first place where the aura would recover, so if any clan or family could be the first to occupy Penglai Island, they would have the upper hand when the aura recovered!
At this moment, a meeting was being held at the Purple Sky Mansion in the Thunder Gate Secret Realm.
Han Fusheng, who was the head of the House, said with a gloomy face, “The Heavenly Dao is reincarnating and the aura is reviving, by now I think all the major secret realms should have learned that the aura will be reviving in the land and will definitely send people to fight for the land, have our people been sent out?”
“House Master, they have already set off, they are now on Penglai Island, they are led by Hong Qianjiu, the eldest son of the Hong Family, and have brought along the strongest eighteen Luohan of the Hong Family to go ……”
An elder got up and replied to Han Fusheng!
“What is the strength of the people sent by the other major secret families, do you understand?”
Han Fusheng asked.
At this, the crowd all fell silent, they didn’t know what formations the other clans and families had sent, and they had no way to investigate!
They knew that the spokesperson families of the clan families in the secular world in the major secret realms were kept secret, and if it wasn’t close to the aura recovery, these families wouldn’t have popped up, so there was no way to investigate.
Seeing this, Han Fusheng heaved a sigh and said, “A resurgence of aura means the start of a bloody rain, if we don’t know what strength our opponents are now, how will our Purple Sky House gain a foothold in the future?”
“You guys go and investigate for me immediately, all the major sects and families in the eight secret realms.”
After Han Fusheng finished speaking, he waved his hand in a huff and let all the people leave!
One of the reasons why Han Fusheng was so angry, apart from these, was that he had hidden Long Ruotong away for so long, but he had never had the chance to touch her!
The mother tiger at home was watching too closely, which made Han Fusheng have the heart of a thief but not the guts ……
And at this moment, inside the hot spring in the secret realm, Han Qing’er undressed and soaked quietly inside, while Qiu Ju stood guard to prevent anyone from coming!