Chen Ping somewhat did not want the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to recover his physical body, it was quite good to stay in his sea of consciousness all the time and be his wise counsel!
“Kid, don’t give me any ideas, the old me won’t stay in your sea of consciousness forever, if you dare to trap the old me, the old me will spell out my soul to explode your sea of consciousness.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch threatened Chen Ping!
In fact, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was just threatening, if he was able to explode Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, he wouldn’t need to follow Chen Ping in symbiosis, and would have already taken control of Chen Ping!
The Great Luo Golden Code within Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, emerging a golden light scared him half to death, he still wanted to explode Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, was it not a joke!
“Senior, I’m just casually thinking about it, don’t be nervous.”
Chen Ping hemmed and hawed and said!
“You kid, old me never thought to death that I could be trapped by a little brat in the Transition Realm.”
“This Extreme Cold Ice Flame is also a type of Supreme Fire, you should be able to absorb it, if you absorb and refine it, then you can have three types of Supreme Fire.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said to Chen Ping!
“How am I …… supposed to refine it? This touch freezes me.”
Chen Ping was speechless!
“Don’t be afraid, you have the Supreme Fire Essence, it can still freeze you ah, if you really can’t, you can use the Supreme Fire Essence to absorb that Extreme Cold Ice Flame, but that would be too much of a pity.”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
Chen Ping nodded after hearing this, and then took the Dragon Slashing Sword and ruthlessly slashed towards the extreme stone in front of him!
He had to release that Extreme Cold Ice Flame first so that he could refine it better!
Boom!
With a loud bang, the pole stone instantly shattered, and that Extreme Cold Ice Flame jumped into midair!
It was as if this Extreme Cold Ice Flame possessed life, and after detaching itself from the pole stone, it quickly tried to escape!
However, Chen Ping leapt forward and grabbed the Extreme Cold Ice Flame in the palm of his hand!
The Extreme Cold Ice Flame struggled, and the ice-cold Qi instantly wrapped Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly mobilised his body’s Fire Origin, Chen Ping’s body was now surrounded by flames, but even so, his body was rapidly forming frost, and he was about to become an ice man!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, the Origin Stars in his body flickered continuously, a huge suction force was sucking the Extreme Cold Ice Flame into his body!
The Extreme Cold Ice Flame, on the other hand, was struggling hard, as if it did not want to be refined by Chen Ping at all!
While Chen Ping was absorbing that Extreme Cold Ice Flame, the Supreme Flame Essence Spirit had already been prepared!
If once the Extreme Cold Ice Flame entered his body and he had no way to absorb it and refine it, then he would have to swallow the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit to absorb it, otherwise Chen Ping was afraid that he would have to turn into an ice sculpture and never want to unravel!
The moment the Extreme Cold Ice Flame entered Chen Ping’s body, the Ice Cold Qi crazily began to spread within Chen Ping’s body, seemingly wanting to freeze Chen Ping’s entire body!
Chen Ping’s Heart of the Earth Fire and the Devil’s Supreme Flame also travelled within his body, wrapping around the Extreme Cold Ice Flame!
The three flames began to chase and fight in Chen Ping’s body, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s strong enough physical body, he would have been devoured at this moment!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body was already covered in frost, standing dumbly at the bottom of the pit.
Looking at Chen Ping, he did not move at all, but a violent battle had already erupted within him!
When Bing Lu and the others saw that Chen Ping was actually frozen, they were all shocked!
Just as they wanted to enter the pit to save Chen Ping, they found that the cold air in the pit was so aggressive that even with the Ice System Technique that they cultivated, it was difficult to resist the cold air!
Bing Lu and the others could only watch anxiously and helplessly from above the pit!
Just as Chen Ping was taming and refining that Extreme Cold Ice Flame, Mu Naiyi, however, had already brought Mu Yao and the others into the Wuji Sacred Sect as well.
“Missy, this …… this is too big, I didn’t think that this mountain peak was hiding such a large sect.”
Mu Yao was dumbfounded as he looked at the Wuji Holy Sect in front of him!
“This isn’t in the middle of a mountain peak, this is in the land of chaos, don’t you see that above the sect, there are constantly temporal and spatial turbulence.”
Mu Naiyi tilted his head and looked above the Wuji Sacred Sect, his eyes were also filled with shock!