However, in a split second, thousands of sword awns appeared in the void!
These sword awns all crossed the void, pointing directly at Chen Ping.
“Ten thousand swords are firing together ……”
Qiu Tu’s body was also filled with aura that exploded to the extreme!
Swish swish swish ……
Immediately after, tens of thousands of sword awns, like meteors, filled the heavens and earth towards Chen Ping!
This movement was like ten thousand cannons firing in unison, shaking heaven and earth!
Qiu Yu, who was originally desperate, instantly revealed a smile when he saw that his brother had used his best move!
“There really are some tricks ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes slightly condensed, then he raised the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
“Nine Shadow Sword Technique ……”
Along with Chen Ping’s Dragon Beheading Sword erupting with a ray of light, followed by several figures continuously appearing!
In the end, seven identical Chen Ping appeared in front of Qiu Tu!
Moreover, each Chen Ping was holding a Dragon Beheading Sword and had the exact same aura!
“Hmph, even if you use the blindfold technique, under my ten thousand arrows, you will definitely die!”
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly become seven, Qiu Tu was slightly stunned, but he quickly snorted coldly!
Even if Chen Ping became more, it was useless, under this overwhelming ten thousand swords, there would only be death!
Chen Ping did not pay attention to that Qiu Tui, but instead held the Zhen Long Sword and slowly raised his hands!
“Ten Thousand Swords Return to the Sect ……”
Chen Ping had long since learnt the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s mastery, and even if it was a competition of sword strokes, Chen Ping was not the least bit afraid of it!
The sword intent of the Refinement Sect’s Sword Washing Pool and the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s Jade Slip Secrets were all owned by Chen Ping.
So playing with swords, Chen Ping was not afraid of anyone!
Seven identical Chen Ping’s simultaneously executed the Ten Thousand Swords Sect!
At this moment, the entire sky was enveloped by the sword awnings of the Dragon Slashing Sword, compared to that Qiu Tu’s Ten Thousand Arrows, Chen Ping’s this time could be seventy thousand sword awnings!
Whether it was the number or the density, it was not something that Qiu Tui could compare to!
Qiu Tu’s 10,000 sword awns, in front of Chen Ping’s 10,000 sword awns, they all collapsed directly, and none of the sword awns were able to get close to Chen Ping!
Even if the 10,000 sword awns collided and disappeared, Chen Ping’s strike, and the sword awns that covered the sky, swarmed towards Qiu Yu!
Qiu Tu was dumbfounded, and the longsword in his hand even fell to the ground!
“Escape!”
There was only one thought in Qiu Tu’s mind, and that was to flee.
He didn’t dare to engage in the battle anymore, and with a fierce clench of his teeth, his body transformed into a stream of light and sped towards the distance.
Qiu Tou’s speed was very fast, fearing that he would be caught up by the sword awnings behind him!
As for his younger brother, Qiu Tu did not even look at him!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not pursue, but slowly put away the Dragon Sword.
Chen Ping did not want to kill that Qiu Tui, it was just a matter of chasing him away, the most important thing Chen Ping needed to do now was to find the vein of Immortal Spirit Stones!
“Zhong Li, hard work.”
Chen Ping said softly, the light on the Dragon Beheading Sword gradually dissipated, and the Sword Spirit Zhong Li returned to the sword.
“Master, it is Zhong Li’s honour to fight for his master.”
Zhong Li’s voice resounded in Chen Ping’s heart with a hint of satisfaction and pride.
Chen Ping turned his head to look at Qiu Yu, his eyes filled with indifference, “Is there anyone else coming to save you?”
When Qiu Yu heard this, his body involuntarily trembled, he knew that he had completely lost his dependence, what awaited him would be endless pain and suffering.
Chen Ping took the Dragon Beheading Sword and was about to dig out Qiu Yu’s Beast Dan, he could release Qiu Tint, but this Qiu Yu would never spare him!
“Chen Ping …………”
Just as Chen Ping was about to lay his hands on and dig out Qiu Yu’s Beast Dan, someone suddenly called out to him!
Only to see the youngest sister running over after her brother!
It turned out to be that the youngest sister’s brother saw that Chen Ping did not follow, and directly pulled the youngest sister back!
However, looking at the scene’s tragic appearance, both siblings were terrified!
“Sir Qiu, isn’t this Sir Qiu?”
The youngest sister’s brother looked at Qiu Yu who was lying on the ground and shouted in surprise!