Chen Ping nodded, “Master Ge, can’t these eight secret realms travel to and from each other?”
“That’s not true, there are teleportation arrays between all eight secret realms, so you can teleport to the secret realm you want to go to!”
“But after one teleportation, you need to wait for three days before you can continue to teleport the same person, so few people use it!”
Ge Fuhai replied.
“Why?” Chen Ping was a bit puzzled, since there was a teleportation array, why didn’t he go to another secret realm.
“Just ask Mr. Chen, would you suddenly teleport to a very unfamiliar place? And to stay there for three days, let alone three days, even three hours, the whole body’s treasures and resources will be taken away.”
Ge Fuhai smiled, “Immortal cultivators in the secret realm are the same as ordinary people, and the character that ordinary people have, immortal cultivators have as well.”
At this moment, Chen Ping sort of understood, it looked like in that secret realm, the great clans were also colluding and hostile to each other.
Chen Ping suddenly recalled Han Qing’er, whom he had encountered some time ago, and those people in black with high strength, as well as the household servants.
“Master Ge, can people in that secret realm enter the secular realm?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Of course you can, haven’t I just returned from the secret realm?”
“But generally people in the Secret Realm will rarely come to the Secular Realm, because once people in the Secret Realm come to the Secular Realm, staying for a certain amount of time will cause their strength to stagnate, or even regress in danger!”
“That’s why people in the Secret Realm will rarely come to the Secular Realm, except for urgent matters, and some things in the Secular Realm won’t even catch their eyes!”
“As the spokesperson of the Ge family in the secular realm, I have stayed in the secular realm for a long time, which is why I have not been able to improve my strength!”
Ge Fuhai smiled helplessly, it was obvious that he was hungry for strength, it was just a pity that he had been chosen to be the spokesperson in the secular world, and he could only obey!
Chen Ping thought about it, it was true that those immortal cultivators he met in the secular world were not very strong, but he was an exception!
It was just that Chen Ping didn’t know yet if his strength would hit a bottleneck later on!
If there was really no way to improve in the secular world, Chen Ping would like to go to the secret realm to cultivate!
“Clan Master Ge, I have an unpleasant request, I wonder if Clan Master Ge can agree?”
Chen Ping asked in a slightly embarra*sed manner.
“Mr. Chen, but there is no harm in saying so ……”
Ge Fuhai smiled and said.
“Can Clan Master Ge take me to a secret realm once to see one of your immortal cultivation clans?”
Chen Ping asked cautiously, he was afraid that Ge Fuhai would refuse!
After all, these all involved the secrets of people’s clans!
“Of course you can, truth be told, when I returned this time, our Ge family elder even specifically instructed me to take you to the Ge family land once!”
Ge Fuhai said without concealing anything.
Chen Ping was stunned, “Ge family head, what is this …… matter? Does your Ge family elder still know about me?”
“Of course, I have reported all of your deeds in the secular world to the clan elder, so the clan elder is very interested in you!”
Ge Fuhai said.
Chen Ping didn’t expect that Ge Fuhai would follow the Ge Clan Elder and talk about himself, but when he thought about it, Ge Fuhai, as the spokesperson of the Ge Clan in the secular world, of course Ge Fuhai would have to report on the happenings in the secular world!
“Ge Family Master, then when do we leave?”
Chen Ping was a little impatient inside!
“Mr. Chen, don’t be in a hurry, you can stay at my Ge Clan for one night first, tomorrow we will set off!”
Ge Fuhai said to Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only nod and agreed to stay at Ge’s house for one night.
Ge Fuhai smiled, and then gave a wink towards Ge Jiayi at the side, who was blushing!
I wonder what these two father and daughter were up to.