A brilliant light flashed in Wan Hong’s eyes, “Chen Ping, are you telling the truth?”
“Of course, I would like to see how far your so-called deduction masters’ spiritual power has reached!”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said.
“Well then, I hope you won’t back out ……”
After saying that, Wan Hong recalled the Fiery God Bird, followed by slightly closing his eyes, pulling out a black stone from his body and continuously tossing it on the ground!
“Chen Ping, he’s cheating, he’s using the stones on the ground to draw the field so he can expand his sensory distance!”
Hu Ma Zi warned at Chen Ping.
Wan Hong only needed to sense the stones he threw onto the ground, before he could sense the surroundings through them!
This was a pleasing method, except that this method would be pa*sed through the stones in the middle, so some things would be perceived less accurately.
“I’ll let him cheat and see what can be done ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Chen Ping was confident in his own spiritual power, and he did not have a deep understanding of the Heavenly Dao, if he could deepen his understanding of the Heavenly Dao by following Wan Hong’s confrontation, then Chen Ping’s purpose would be achieved!
Soon, Wan Hong closed his eyes slightly, and a huge burst of spiritual power began to spread out in all directions!
As Wan Hong’s spiritual energy spread, the black stones on the ground began to glow with lustre!
Looking at the lustre of the stones on the ground, one could very well tell where Wan Hong’s perception had reached!
Chen Ping instantly wrapped that huge spiritual power around him, and it was as if his entire body had arrived in an unfamiliar space!
Only to see that within this space, there was a white blanket everywhere, without the slightest thing!
Even heaven and earth were white, and Chen Ping seemed to be floating in mid-air!
People would become very frightened and agitated in such an environment!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was calm as he waited quietly, waiting to see what Wan Hong would do to him!
Soon, the whiteness around him began to disappear and land appeared underneath Chen Ping’s feet!
A house appeared around him, and there was even a large field with many people working in the ground!
“Chen Ping ……”
“When did you kid come back!”
“Chen Ping is already so big ……”
The people working in the fields kept greeting Chen Ping after him!
Chen Ping looked very familiar to these people, but surprisingly he couldn’t remember!
“Chen Ping, you child, uncle and aunt greeted you, why didn’t you say anything?”
At this moment, a familiar voice came into Chen Ping’s ears!
Chen Ping turned his head to look and found that it was his mother, Tang Hongying, who at that moment still had black hair and was holding tools in her hand, also ready to go to work in the field.
“Mom, you …………”
Chen Ping was about to speak after Tang Hongying, but soon a stab of pain flashed through his mind!
A spiritual force, if any, had entered Chen Ping’s mind and began probing his thoughts!
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, it seemed that this Wan Hong wasn’t useless, this spiritual power did have two tricks up its sleeve, to the extent that he had unknowingly entered his spiritual power into his mind!
“Had enough of playing?”
Chen Ping finished, and with a flick of his palm, everything in front of him disappeared, while that spiritual power in his mind was instantly cut off by Chen Ping!
Wan Hong took a violent step back, his forehead covered in cold sweat as he gasped for air!
While Chen Ping looked at that Wan Hong quietly, “With this ability, how dare you call yourself a master and enlighten the Heavenly Dao?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, and then a brilliant aura shot out from his eyes, and a domineering spiritual force instantly entered Wan Hong’s mind!
Only to see that Wan Hong froze, his eyes instantly became dull!
Soon, panic appeared on his face, and his whole body trembled as he began to wave his arms continuously!