“Since you’re here, don’t try to leave ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with murderous intent, and then with a lift of his hand, a wave over ten meters high rose above the sea, and then thousands of arrow feathers emerged from the wave towards those who had fled from the Flying Star Sect!
These arrows were all condensed with Chen Ping’s spiritual power, and they filled the sky like a violent storm!
Those martial artists of the Flying Star Sect, whether they were Martial Saints or Martial Gods, were all unable to resist these arrows and were instantly pierced through their bodies, dead beyond repair!
In an instant, the sea turned a blood-red colour, and as he watched the people he had brought with him, dying one by one before his eyes, Seventh Sovereign’s eyes were filled with horror, and he could only explode all the aura in his body to form a shield around himself.
He no longer had the ability to care about the others, only his own desperate attempt to escape, he had to get out of this horrible purgatory-like place!
He regretted it, regretted agreeing to the Sect Leader to come after this Chen Ping!
He had never imagined that a martial artist from outside the realm would have the strength of a Martial Emperor, this was beyond his perception!
In the end, the Seven Deadly Monarchs escaped with serious injuries, while all the people he had brought with him from the Flying Star Sect died on the sea!
Chen Ping did not go after the Seven Deadly Monarchs, but stepped on the water and walked step by step towards Wang Defa. One second to remember https://m.lqzw.org
Wang Defa looked at Chen Ping who was walking over, feeling Chen Ping’s gaze, and his face revealed a look of extreme panic!
He had just watched with his own eyes as the Seven Deadly Monarchs led the people of the Flying Star Sect to flee like dogs in distress, only to be killed by Chen Ping with a wave of his hand on the sea!
He knew that the Seven Deadly Monarchs were even stronger than him, yet he still dared to follow Chen Ping’s lead!
At this moment, Wang Defa finally understood why that Seven Fiendish Monarch had never made a move, but was secretly watching from the sidelines!
“Chen Ping, don’t …… Don’t kill me ……”
Wang Defa was scared and followed Chen Ping in supplication!
“I won’t kill you, but you want to kill me, so why do I still have to leave you behind?”
Chen Ping asked in a cold voice.
“I only came after you to avenge my son, you said that Tong Youcai was killed by the Great Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect, I believe you now, I will let the Heavenly Thunder Sect hunt down the Burning Heaven Sect when I return and will never make things difficult for you!”
Wang Defa hurriedly said.
“Tong Youcai is your son?” Chen Ping asked as he looked at Wang Defa.
Wang Defa nodded, but did not speak!
A smirk appeared on Chen Ping’s face before he said, “I can spare you from death, but a deadly crime can be spared, but a living crime is hard to escape!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he kicked out violently, instantly breaking one of Wang Defa’s arms!
Wang Defa endured the pain without uttering a word, cold sweat dripping from his forehead!
Breaking an arm was nothing to Wang Defa, as long as he went back and activated his genetic transformation, the broken arm would be restored again, the main thing now was to save his life!
“You can get lost, but let me tell you, that Tong Youcai was indeed killed by that Great Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect, it has nothing to do with me ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he leapt onto a demonic beast and sped away immediately afterwards!
Wang Defa endured the severe pain and also headed towards the shore!
At this moment, on top of the mountain range by the sea, the Seven Deadly Monarchs were covered in wounds and panting heavily!
The Seven Deadly Monarchs felt very lucky to have escaped, so he had to return to the Flying Star Sect as soon as possible to tell Leng Wu Dao that Chen Ping was no longer as strong as they knew him to be!
But just as the Seven Deadly Monarch took a few breaths and was about to continue on his way, he was suddenly stopped in his tracks by a group of people!
The Seven Deadly Monarchs looked up and instantly their faces turned ugly!
“Yao …… Yao Qing?”
There was a bit of panic in the Seven Deadly Monarch’s eyes!
This Yao Qing was the sect leader of the Burning Heaven Sect, and the Burning Heaven Sect had enemies with the three sects and six factions of the Hidden Realm, and now suddenly people from the Burning Heaven Sect showed up and blocked his way, Seventh Fiend King knew he was in trouble!