“Running Thunder Palm ……”
A huge palm slowly took shape, and within the palm, lightning streaked through, pressing down with a thunderous momentum!
A streak of lightning struck the bodies of those demonic beasts, instantly causing the demonic beasts to go up in smoke!
Looking at Chen Ping’s Running Thunder Palm, the many cultivators were also surprised!
Now that all of them had regained their spiritual energy, they could check out Chen Ping’s realm!
It was only the third rank of the Transition Realm, but the strength displayed was shocking!
Bing Lu, the few of them, were also fighting hard to kill the demonic beasts.
Only that they were also at the forefront, and the hordes of demonic beasts, undaunted by the onslaught of death, made Bing Lu and the few others feel very overwhelmed!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s Origin Star flashed and used the Origin of Illusion to lay an Illusion Formation directly in front of Bing Lu and the others!
Although the Illusion Formation did not have any killing power, it was able to stop the pace and speed of the demonic beasts’ onslaught!
Sure enough, after these beasts rushed into the Illusion Formation, they all became slow, like headless flies lost!
This also allowed Bing Lu and the others to catch their breath!
Ouyang Zhenhua led the crowd of the Ouyang family, as well as the other cultivators who stayed behind, and fought against the beast tide!
Ouyang Zhenhua’s Transition Realm 9th Grade strength, his palms danced and countless black shadows flew out from between his sleeve robes!
Immediately after that, these black shadows transformed into puppets, like robots, and manoeuvred to rush towards those demonic beasts!
Even as the demonic beasts swarmed around, no one retreated!
On the ground were already countless corpses of demonic beasts, blood flowing into rivers, turning the white snowy ground, long ago, into red!
The thick smell of blood made even the crowd, who were used to killing, a bit overwhelmed!
But the beast pills all over the ground also stimulated people’s greed!
Some of the corpses of these dead demonic beasts directly burst open, and the beast dan fell to the ground!
One must know that for every demonic beast, there was a beast dan in its body!
With so many dead demonic beasts, when the time came to take out the beast dan, it would be a considerable amount of resources!
Many people who fought to the death and didn’t retreat should also have a reason for this!
Who wouldn’t want to get some beast pills!
However, the demonic beasts seemed to be boundless, and it was simply impossible to kill them all!
And this kind of killing was undoubtedly the most spiritually draining, some cultivators could only swallow pills while desperately resisting!
The illusion array that Chen Ping had laid down had temporarily slowed down the demonic beasts, but soon the illusion array could not support it anymore!
After all, it was temporarily laid down, and the strength of the illusion formation was not great!
Along with the illusion formation being broken through, the pressure on Bing Lu and the other Saint Maidens increased dramatically!
Some demonic beasts began to rush to the front, following Bing Lu and the others to fight at close range!
Some Saint Maidens were starting to get injured!
“Sister Ying Ying, what should we do?”
Bing Lu was sweating profusely and looked towards Blue Ying Ying somewhat helplessly!
And Blue Yingying also looked desperate at the moment, how would she know what to do?
Faced with endless demonic beasts, it was as if they simply couldn’t be killed!
They were all on the verge of reaching their limits!
Even if they had more determination, their bodies’ limits had already been reached, and without their spiritual power to support them, it would be useless for them to fight for their lives!
“Retreat, all retreat ……”
Chen Ping, who was suspended in mid-air, could already tell that Bing Lu and the others had reached their limits!
If this continued, sooner or later, they would die under the iron hooves of that demonic beast!
Chen Ping had still underestimated the strength of these demonic beasts!
Bing Lu and the others looked at each other, then began to quickly retreat backwards!
However, those demonic beasts were dead set on biting, so Bing Lu and the others could only fight and retreat at the same time!
Ouyang Zhenhua also had a helpless look on his face, and with a wave of his hand, he said “Retreat, quickly retreat to the top of the mountain!”
Ouyang Zhenhua knew that if he held on, he was afraid that the whole army would be wiped out!
Seeing this, the other cultivators also retreated backwards, as for those beast pills on the ground, they could only come back for them when they had the chance!
The Dragon Crystal in front of Chen Ping’s chest flickered, and all kinds of power were working desperately!