But looking at the terrifying aura of the dragon, no one dares to say that they can defeat this dragon!
If they don’t kill this dragon, they will have no way to get the Spiritual Fruit!
“This dragon is so powerful, I’m afraid there is no way for us to kill it ……”
The Great Protector said with a frown.
“Then what can we do? We can’t just give up?”
The fruit of the spirit is right in front of us, but we can’t get it.
“There is one way, and that is to have someone attract the hatred of the dragon, so that the dragon will be drawn away and we can take the opportunity to go up and pick the fruit!”
The Great Protector said.
“This method is feasible, but who should attract the hatred of the dragon?”
Leng Yun asked.
Who would do such a thing?
The three of them looked at each other, but no one would do such a deadly job!
And if they asked their men to do it, with their strength, they would probably be swallowed up before they could lure the dragon away.
At this moment, Tong Youcai suddenly put his eyes on Liu Rui and Chen Ping, and a brilliant light flashed in his eyes!
“There, we can let these two guys attract the hatred of the giant dragon, and we can take the opportunity to pick the Tong Ling fruit!”
Tong Youcai himself wanted Chen Ping to die, so if they let Chen Ping attract the dragon’s hatred, he would definitely die!
“Good idea, the two of them won’t survive anyway, so we can make use of them!”
Leng Yun also nodded his head!
Although the Great Protector was a bit reluctant to let go of Chen Ping’s physical body and strength, he had no choice but to agree to face the Tong Ling Fruit!
“Chen Ping, we’ll give you a chance to live, you two go and lure the dragon away now!”
“If you lure the dragon away, you two can leave this place and spare your lives!”
Tong Youcai walked up to Chen Ping’s face and said in a lofty manner.
“Tong Youcai, do you think we are fools? If we go to attract the dragon, we will be eaten by the dragon, and we will die for sure.”
Liu Rui shouted at Tong Youcai!
“That’s not necessarily true, if you two work well together, you still have a chance to live, if not, we will kill you both now ……”
At this time, Leng Yun also came over and threatened Liu Rui and Chen Ping!
“Don’t dream, we will not help you even if we die.”
Liu Rui knew that she was going to die today, but she didn’t want to help these guys before she died!
“Fine, if you say so, then I will send you on your way!”
Tong Youcai instantly burst out with his breath and was about to strike Liu Rui and Chen Ping!
“Wait a minute ……”
Chen Ping opened his mouth at that moment!
The boy Youcai stopped his hand and asked Chen Ping, “Think it over, and know that this is your last chance to live!”
“Okay, I promise you, I will lure the dragon away.”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said.
When Tong Youcai heard this, he was immediately happy and said with a light smile, “That’s right, remember, you always have to fight for your own chance.”
“Mr. Chen ……”
Liu Rui didn’t understand why Chen Ping wanted to help Tong Youcai and the others!
They were going to die anyway, so why did they have to help them before they died? Liu Rui couldn’t understand!
Chen Ping waved his hand at Liu Rui and said, “Even if I have to die, I don’t want to die in their hands ……”
The first time I heard this, Liu Rui said nothing more!
“Have backbone, now you go to lure the dragon away, remember don’t play tricks, if you don’t lure the dragon away, you will not be able to escape at all!”
Tong Youzhu admonished Chen Ping!
Chen Ping ignored him, but slowly walked towards the tree with his dragon chopping sword in his hand, while Liu Rui was following closely behind him!
Although she knew she was going to die and was mentally prepared, Liu Rui still looked a bit nervous when she saw the huge dragon in the canopy of the tree!
“Don’t be afraid, we won’t die ……”
Chen Ping looked at Liu Rui, smiled slightly and said comfortingly.