On this journey, Zhou Jie’s expression was so grave that Chen Ping knew something big must have happened at the Dragon Sect!
When Chen Ping arrived at the Dragon Gate, he found that the entire Dragon Gate was under a cloud of mourning!
Moreover, the gates of the Dragon Gate had just been repaired.
When the guards at the gate saw that Chen Ping had returned, they all shouted excitedly, “The Sect Master has returned, the Sect Master has returned ……”
Some of the Dragon Sect members actually cried when they saw Chen Ping come back!
After all, the Dragon Sect had lost so many people to death and injury, all of whom were some of the people they spent time with, so these Dragon Sect members couldn’t avoid grief!
After hearing that Chen Ping had returned, Ji Ru Xue led the others , and Xu Changsheng came out to greet Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s face instantly turned ugly when he saw that Ji Ruxue was there with all the others, as well as Xu Changsheng, but Long Xingxu and Hu Ma Zi were nowhere to be seen!
“Ruxue, what’s happened?”
Chen Ping looked at Ji Ru Xue and asked in an icy voice.
Ji Ru Xue truthfully told Chen Ping what had happened, and as soon as Chen Ping heard it, his entire body was struck by lightning, and his body was so bad that he couldn’t stand still!
He had to know that Long Xingxu had been managing the Dragon Sect for a long time and had done his duty, besides, he and Chen Ping were connected by blood, so Chen Ping had long regarded Long Xingxu as his brother!
And that Hu Ma Zi is even more needless to say, although the two of them usually always quarrel and argue, but Chen Ping likes to take Hu Ma Zi with him wherever he goes!
After all, Hu Ma Zi had a lot of knowledge, and in a pinch, Hu Ma Zi could always give Chen Ping some surprises!
Now that he was told that both Long Xingxu and Pocky Hu were going to die, how could Chen Ping bear it!
“I know what that Hundred Refinement Pavilion father and son are capable of, it’s fine for them to seriously injure Xing Xu, but Master Hu has the Purple Gold Gourd in his hand, even if they join forces, it’s impossible for them to seriously injure Master Hu.”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xingxu and Pocky Hu on the bed and asked with a murderous look on his face.
“It was an old monk who did it, and he also snatched Master Hu’s purple gold gourd, and before he left, that Shi Qingpei said that you should go to Kuchan Temple to find him, otherwise he would still come to the Dragon Sect to kill people!”
Ji Ru Xue followed Chen Ping and said.
“Kuchan Temple?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, it seemed like he had never heard of this place before.
However, Chen Ping knew that now was not the time to consider this, he had to save Long Xingxu and Hu Ma Zi first.
“Valley Master, my subordinates have already checked, the two of them have gone on too hard, the meridians and bones of their bodies have been shattered, I am afraid there is no way to recover, it would be good to keep their lives!”
“The other side is too ruthless, obviously deliberately let Master Hu and the others suffer before they die ……”
Xu Changsheng said with a face of grief and anger.
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with anger, a terrifying killing intent rose up within him, “No matter who it is, I will make them die even more painfully ……”
Chen Ping stepped forward and a spiritual energy struck into Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu’s bodies!
After examining them once, Chen Ping’s face turned ugly as well!
If it was just a simple broken meridian, or broken bones, Chen Ping would have had a solution!
But the other party had shattered all the meridians and bones at once, which required reshaping the meridians and bones, almost as much as reshaping the flesh!
Chen Ping closed his eyes and thought carefully about the solution, as the Supreme Dan Record kept flashing through Chen Ping’s mind!
No matter what, Chen Ping had to save Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu!
But Chen Ping had tried hard to go through his mind, but he could not find a way to save Pocky Hu and Long Xingxu!
Although Chen Ping could save their lives, but if they were to lie in bed for the rest of their lives like invalids, I’m afraid it would be worse than death!
Zhou Jie looked at Chen Ping nervously, whether he could save Pocky Hu or not, he could only rely on Chen Ping!
“Elder Xu, you stay here and take good care of the two of them, I’ll go think of a way ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t find a way to save them, so he could only ask for help!
He decided to make a trip to the Fire Sect Secret Realm to see if Ge Cang Sheng had a way to heal Long Xing Xu and Hu Ma Zi.