“Help, help …………”
Just as Chen Ping and the others had just walked not too far, they suddenly heard the sound of help!
The one shouting for help was a girl, and it was very urgent!
Chen Ping hadn’t wanted to care, after all, within this Divine and Demonic Battlefield, there were all kinds of people who came here to search for treasure!
Since it was for treasure hunting, one should be prepared in their heart to encounter all sorts of situations!
But just as Chen Ping had wanted to pretend he didn’t hear it and walk past from the side, he saw a young girl who was covered in a mess and was only 17 or 18 years old running in panic!
The girl’s skin was very white, her features were also very clean and cultivated, she was a little beauty at first glance, and the aura on her body was not low, she had actually reached the Ferrying Realm as well!
At this kind of age to the Transition Realm, if it wasn’t for a smart natural talent, then it would be a very hard backstage, perhaps a great lady of a certain clan!
After all, only a large amount of resources could support cultivation!
Like those impoverished mountain people, although they were all cultivators as well, they might not be able to reach the Ferrying Realm even after a lifetime of cultivation!
The girl’s forehead was covered in cold sweat at this moment, and she kept looking back!
Behind the girl, the two demonic cultivators quickly chased after her!
“Little girl, you can’t escape, be good and give in ……”
The two devil cultivators said with a lewd smile on their faces!
Where would the girl listen, desperately running forwards, but when she saw Chen Ping, she suddenly stopped, then looked at Chen Ping with a wary face!
She didn’t know who Chen Ping really was, and whether he was following that demonic cultivator together, so the girl was very wary!
But the two demonic cultivators behind her were already getting closer and closer!
At this time, the girl saw Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix, being the same girl, they might have a natural closeness!
Only to see the girl bypassing Chen Ping, she actually ran towards Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix!
“Sister, two sisters save me ah ……”
The girl ran to Bai Shallow and Fire Phoenix and then hid behind them with a panicked face!
Bai Shallow followed the fire phoenix looked at the girl’s pitiful appearance, all heartbroken security said: “Don’t be afraid, there we are, no one will hurt you ……”
At this time, the two devil cultivators had already chased up, when the two devil cultivators saw Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix, they even grinned, “Hahaha, today is really a good day, even came two beauties again, this time there can be lustful fortune.”
The eyes of the two devil cultivators were staring straight at Bai Shallow and the girls, completely not noticing Chen Ping who was not far away!
“You two devil cultivators, why are you bullying a girl, want to be shameless?”
Bai Shallow angrily questioned the two devil cultivators!
“In this Divine Demon Battlefield, what face do you want?Not to mention that this is the Heavenly Demon Mountain, it’s our demonic cultivator’s territory, how dare you?”
A devil cultivator said wildly.
This Divine Demon Battlefield was opened at the Heavenly Demon Mountain, it was the territory of the demon race, so they weren’t afraid at all!
“I advise you to be good and obedient, as long as you serve our brother and sister comfortably, you will still be able to save your lives, I see that you are not big girls anymore, so accompanying our brother and sister to have fun is nothing.”
The other devil cultivator was a bit impatient and slowly approached towards Bai Qian and the girls!
Listening to that devil cultivator’s words, Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix were both infuriated enough!
“My woman, you also dare to hit on her, is it the end of your life?”
This was when a playful voice sounded behind the two demon cultivators!
The two devil cultivators hurriedly turned around to look and found that Chen Ping was coldly looking at them not far away!
The two men instantly relaxed when they saw that Chen Ping was only a first grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm!
“Kid, you’re a first grade cultivator of the Transitional Appearance Realm, do you also come with a woman?”
“Let me tell you, the two of us playing with your woman was to give you face, you should feel lucky!”
The two devil cultivators sneered at Chen Ping!
Swish …………
Chen Ping did not speak, instead, the Dragon Cutting Sword suddenly appeared in his hand, followed by a sword blade slicing through!