“Chen Ping, we meet again ……”
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping with a fierce smile on his face!
“Ning Zhi?”
Chen Ping was stunned, he didn’t expect it to be Ning Zhi who came!
Originally, Chen Ping thought it would be that Song Qingping coming, but he didn’t expect it to be Ning Zhi who came, which surprised him!
“Not bad, it’s me, are you surprised? This Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu that you worked so hard to obtain is now mine.”
Ning Zhi held the He Shou Wu towards Chen Ping and then reached out and grabbed Chen Ping’s shoulder, “Not only is this He Shou Wu mine now, but even you, I’m taking it away.”
Ning Zhi thought that Chen Ping had lost his power, so he just made a casual grab!
But Chen Ping’s eyes flashed brightly, and with a direct move, he clasped Ning Zhi’s wrist and snatched the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu out of his hand, and then smashed his fist fiercely into Ning Zhi’s chest!
Ning Zhi was caught off guard and his whole body was instantly sent flying, directly knocking a big hole in the wall!
Ning Zhi was astonished and got up to look at Chen Ping, “You, your kung fu power hasn’t disappeared?”
“Disappear? Why should it disappear? Are you trying to say that by poisoning me, you can make my kung fu disappear?”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Ning Zhi coldly.
Ning Zhi’s face was ugly at this moment, “D*mn, a bunch of trash ……”
But it was useless for Ning Zhi to curse anything now, things had come to this, so he could only grab it hard!
But the loud noise just now caused both Hu Ma Zi and Jiang Wei Quan to rush over.
“Don’t get attached to the battle, let’s go ……”
The spirit said to Ning Zhi.
If he was facing a single Chen Ping, Ning Zhi, with the Soul Spirit inside him, could still put up a fight!
But now that Chen Ping had come to help, Ning Zhi could only flee for the time being!
At this moment, Chen Ping felt the aura inside Ning Zhi’s body, and his eyes slightly stared, “No wonder I always felt a familiar aura just now, so that hunchbacked old man is now residing inside you.”
“Old man with a hunchback?”
Ning Zhi was dumbfounded, he didn’t know that Chen Ping had followed the demon amba*sador that was residing inside the hunchbacked old man before!
“Don’t talk nonsense to him, just go ……”
The spirit urged!
Ning Zhi nodded once, then flames rose violently from his body, the flames wrapped around Ning Zhi’s body, and then surprisingly began to slowly disappear!
When Chen Ping saw this, his eyes were filled with surprise, he didn’t know when this Ning Zhi had such a spell!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, let me tell you, you’re not the only one with a special physique, Laozi is also an Inferno Demon Body.”
Ning Zhi laughed as his body slowly was about to vanish into the void!
“Hmph, a mere spatial technique, you want to escape too ……”
Suddenly, that Jiang Wei snorted coldly, and a rope with a flickering light suddenly appeared in his hand!
Suddenly, Jiang Wei threw the rope towards Ning Zhi!
Soon, a golden light flashed, and Ning Zhi, who was about to disappear, actually flashed out again at this moment, and the rope wrapped Ning Zhi up.
“A binding immortal rope?”
Terror appeared in Ning Zhi’s eyes.
“I didn’t expect you to know the Binding Immortal Rope ……”
Jiang Wei had a smug look on his face, this Immortal Binding Rope was their Jiang Family’s Martial Saint Artifact, and this time don’t Jiang Wei brought it out!
“Chen Ping, quickly imprison this area of space ……”
Hu Ma Zi said, several yellow talismans suddenly emerged from his body and flew directly towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping immediately understood and instantly bit through his finger, waving it with his hand as dense, blood-coloured runes appeared on top of that one talisman paper!
These runes flickered with light, imprisoning Chen Ping’s entire room, preventing that Ning Zhi from using spatial magic to escape!
Ning Zhi looked at the constantly flickering runes and said with a surprised look on his face, “Chen Ping, you …… how do you still know rune spell magic?”
You know, Chen Ping knew so many things, and now he even knew the Runic Spell Technique, and was so proficient at it, which filled Ning Zhi’s heart with horror!