After all, Wei Qing was a deacon, and he had come over from his own assessment, and knew the perilousness of that assessment place!
“Don’t worry senior brother, I have my measure, besides junior brother is the God of Fortune, will never let anything happen to him.”
Qian Xiu said with a smile!
Boom!
Right at this moment, a thunderous sound rang out from within the radiance of the formation!
Immediately after that, the scene within the radiance slowly disappeared, accompanied by the appearance of a light door!
The door of light flashed with a brilliant golden light that shone on the faces of everyone!
Everyone’s breathing began to become rapid, both nervous and excited!
One must know that many outer sect disciples had not been able to enter the inner sect for more than ten years!
Especially those like Lu San, who were very strong, but just couldn’t practise the Supreme Fire and kept hanging around the outer sect!
You have to know that there is a huge difference between the resources of the outer sect disciples and the inner sect disciples!
Moreover, outer disciples don’t have any rights or status!
As long as one became an inner disciple, that would be a much higher status!
“The examination begins!”
Accompanied by Liu Sh*tong’s shout, the crowd swarmed towards the light door!
After entering the place of assessment, the light door automatically closed, and Chen Ping found that the guy called Lu San was always checking himself out with his divine sense!
Chen Ping was now at the fourth level of the Transition Realm, so no matter how much that Lu San probed, he couldn’t find out anything at all!
“Senior brother, now the first level of the examination, is something that needs to be done alone, but don’t be afraid, there is no danger whatsoever.”
Qian Xiu barked at Chen Ping!
“En, I know!” Chen Ping nodded!
As the group went deeper, soon Chen Ping realised that the people in front of him had unexpectedly disappeared one by one!
Immediately after that, the surroundings turned white, and one could not see anything but themselves!
“Illusion Formation?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, he knew that in fact, these people had not really been separated individually, they were just using an illusion formation to make these cultivators mistakenly think that they were the only ones left!
A red light flashed between Chen Ping’s eyebrows and then penetrated through the white mist, seeing Qian Xiu and the others not far from him!
An illusion formation of this level could be easily broken by Chen Ping!
Only Chen Ping did not do that, he was only here for the examination, and by destroying the illusion formation, then his true strength would be exposed!
Retracting his Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Chen Ping pretended to know nothing as he travelled through the illusion formation, and soon saw a high platform appear in front of him!
On top of the platform, an old man in white stood motionless, like a statue!
Chen Ping probed over with his divine sense and found that the old man was unexpectedly unable to detect his cultivation.
The old man’s pair of eyes looked coldly towards Chen Ping, with endless majesty and wisdom in his eyes!
It was as if this glance could see through Chen Ping!
“Junior, if you wish to become a disciple of my Purple Flame Sect, you must have a sincere heart, a quiet heart, and a firm heart.”
“There must not be the slightest concealment from the sect, do you know that?”
The old man slowly opened his mouth, his voice was not loud, yet it carried an irrefutable and questionable tone!
Chen Ping looked at the old man, the corner of his mouth raised a cold smile, it seemed that this first level of examination was to screen those cultivators who had something to hide!
If there were disciples who had committed crimes or had many enemies, such people becoming inner disciples would invite trouble for the Purple Flame Sect!
And the purpose of the first level was to weed out some disciples who had something to hide!
Those like Chen Ping, who concealed their identity, their realm, and even their breath, would definitely have no way to pass this level if they were not strong enough!
However, Chen Ping was not afraid in the slightest, this was nothing but an illusion, in order to charm the mind and make the examiner not dare to lie!
Chen Ping could break this illusion with a wave of his hand, of course he was not afraid of this old man’s enquiry.
“I know!” Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Good then, now tell us your purpose for joining the clan, and your true identity ……”
The old man’s voice carried a shock that could hit the heart!