The atmosphere in the entire Ji family hall became a little tense!
Even if they called Chen Ping here, there was no way that Ji Lianjun would let the people from the Giant Barbarian Palace take Chen Ping away!
Not to mention the fact that Chen Ping had saved the old master of the Ji Family, regarding Chen Ping’s cosmic star origin space, Ji Lianjun knew that in the future, Chen Ping would definitely become a generation of lords!
At that time, they were afraid that the Ji family would be nothing in Chen Ping’s eyes!
Now, Ji Lianjun wanted to take advantage of the fact that Chen Ping had not yet developed, to follow Chen Ping to make good friends, when Chen Ping really became a generation of lords, their Ji family can also follow the light!
About ten minutes later, Ji Cheng came back, but only by himself, not followed by Chen Ping!
“What’s going on?” Seeing this, Ji Lianjun hurriedly asked!
“Father, Mr Chen is not in the room, it seems like he has already left ……”
Ji Cheng said truthfully!
“I think it was you who deliberately let that Chen Ping get away, right?”
Qin Jingyun was not happy when he heard this!
Ji Cheng coldly glanced at that Qin Jingyun and ignored him!
Ji Lianjun pondered, he knew that it was impossible for Chen Ping to leave the Ji family, if Chen Ping wanted to leave, he would definitely say something!
Suddenly, Ji Lianjun thought that his daughter, Ji Meiyan, could not be found either!
After thinking that Chen Ping was also absent now, Jilian Jun seemed to understand something!
He knew that Ji Meiyan must have brought Chen Ping and entered the ancestral land through the secret passage!
Very few people knew about that secret passage, but Ji Meiyan knew that now that both of them couldn’t be found, there was a high possibility that they had entered the Ancestral Ground through the secret passage in advance!
Although the Ancestral Ground prohibited outsiders from entering, but if Chen Ping went in, Ji Lian Jun still had no problem with it!
“Big brother, now that Chen Ping has run away, how are we going to follow the Giant Savage Palace to explain?”
“He’s the one who started this whole thing, and now that the person has disappeared, the Giant Barbarian Palace definitely won’t agree.”
Ji Lianying asked to Ji Lian Jun!
It was obvious that Ji Lianying was speaking in favour of the people from the Giant Barbarian Palace!
“Since Mr Chen isn’t here, we can let the people of the Giant Savage Palace leave for the time being, and when Mr Chen comes back, I’ll personally deliver him in front of the people of the Giant Savage Palace, that’s always fine, isn’t it?”
Ji Lian Jun said!
“Family Master Ji, that won’t do, breaking my son’s arm, I’m going to ask for an explanation today, if not, then don’t blame me for being impolite.”
After Qin Hetian finished speaking, the crowd of the Giant Savage Palace took up positions!
Even outside, a sudden sound of footsteps rang out, followed by the entire hall starting to shake as if it was an earthquake!
The crowd looked through the window and realised that there were many people from the Giant Savage Palace outside, all of them were tall and big, and every step they took caused the ground to shake!
Obviously, this Giant Barbarian Palace had already prepared to turn the tables before coming!
Seeing this scene, Ji Lianjun’s face turned cold “Qin Hetian, this is Yellow and Blue City, it’s our Ji family, not your Giant Barbarian Palace, you want to spread wildness here, think I’m afraid of you?”
Ji Lian Jun’s words fell, his body’s aura surged, Ji Cheng also instantly drew his longsword, and the many Ji Family children also set up a battle!
The scene of swords drawn, the great war is about to start ……
“Big brother, for the sake of a Chen Ping, do you want to follow the Giant Barbarian Palace in a bloody battle on this day?”
“You are disregarding the interests of the rest of us, how on earth did you become this family head?”
“We managed to survive until the opening of the Ancestral Lands, are we just going to give up like this?”
Ji Lianying took the opportunity to lash out at Ji Lian Jun!
When the other Ji Family collateral lines heard this, they also started to turn on Ji Lian Jun. After all, if they fought, these collateral lines of theirs suffered along with them, and it was not easy for the Ancestral Ground to open without any way to enter!
This time, Ji Lian Jun became a target, very difficult to get up, he knew that today the Giant Savage Palace suddenly appeared, it must be calculated, this is Ji Lian Ying’s trap.
But Ji Lianjun has no way, at this time he is also a little out of his depth!