But the guy’s hand had just reached out when it was grabbed by Chen Ping!
“I’ll pay the money she owes you, don’t do it ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently to the guy with the gold chains.
“You’ll pay?” The guy looked Chen Ping up and down, saw that Chen Ping was dressed in ordinary clothes, his whole body did not exceed two hundred, he sneered, “Do you know how much money she owes us?”
“One million ……” said Chen Ping!
“Hmph, one million is not enough ……” the guy with the gold chains snorted coldly.
“How can it not be enough? You and I said last week, as long as I pay back a million ……”
Wang Han Han heard this and hurriedly questioned loudly.
“Last week was last week, don’t I want interest on my money? Now one million three hundred thousand, not a penny less!”
The guy with the gold chains said with a slightly raised corner of his mouth and a contemptuous face!
When Wang Han Han heard this, her whole body was frozen, this week’s time has gone up by 300,000, even if she was a money printing machine, I’m afraid she wouldn’t be able to pay back this loan shark!
“Okay, one million three hundred thousand, I’ll give you ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Seeing Chen Ping agree so readily, the guy directly froze for a moment, and even Wang Han Han’s eyes were wide open as he looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
“Brother Chen Ping, you …… where would you have that much money?”
Wang Han Han knew that there was no way Chen Ping could have so much money, he had just gotten out of jail a few days ago and didn’t even have a job, so how could he have over a million dollars!
When the guy with the gold chain heard Wang Han Han say that, he immediately looked at Chen Ping with a fierce look and said, “Kid, are you sure you have money? If you dare to fool me, you should know the consequences, right?”
With that, the guy took out a dagger and gently scraped it on his chin!
Seeing the other guy pull out a dagger, Wang Han Han became even whiter in fear and hid tightly behind Chen Ping!
“If I say I’ll give it to you, I’ll definitely give it to you, you guys just follow me to the bank to get the money ……”
Chen Ping had a calm face, not the slightest bit of panic!
The guy with the gold chain saw how calm Chen Ping was, he couldn’t help but have a flash of admiration in his eyes and said, “Good, seeing that you’re a man, I’ll believe you and go with you to the bank ……”
The guy with the gold chain said, dodged and gave way, after a look, immediately a little brother opened the car door!
“Let’s go, get in the car ……” The guy with the gold chains waved his head!
“Han Han, you go home, don’t follow your mum and my parents, I’ll be back in a minute!”
Chen Ping turned around and said softly to Wang Han Han.
“Brother Chen Ping …………”
Wang Han Han pulled on Chen Ping’s arm, her eyes full of worry!
“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly before turning around and walking towards the car!
Looking at the car that left, Wang Han Han’s tears flowed out, she didn’t know what kind of end Chen Ping would have after he was taken away!
Soon, the car took Chen Ping to the front of a bank!
“Remember, don’t give me any tricks, we’ll be waiting for you outside ……”
The guy with the gold chain threatened at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping ignored him, but walked straight inside the bank!
At this moment, many people were doing business inside the bank lobby, so Chen Ping could only wait in line at the back!
“Sir, if you want to withdraw money, you can go to the ATM, so you don’t have to queue up ……”
A bank staff said politely to Chen Ping.
“I’m withdrawing a bit too much money, the ATM can’t take it out ……”
Chen Ping said with a polite smile!
“Sir, may I ask how much money you are withdrawing?” The staff asked.
“Over a million ……”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, many of the people in line in front of him instantly turned back to look at him!
After all, more than a million was not a small amount!