Chen Ping looked at such a high fighting spirit of the Sheng family, and was Avray touched inwardly!
This proved that Sheng Bushi was very popular in the Sheng family!
“Although your fighting spirit is high, but you don’t even have a treasure weapon, do you fight with your fists?”
Bai Shao asked as she looked at those Sheng family members!
The Sheng family members all cultivated arts and talismans, so very few of them had treasure weapons or divine weapons in their hands!
However, this time, they were the attacking side, and it wasn’t really suitable if they used formation talismans!
“Even if we use a pair of fists, we’ll follow the Ye family and fight to the death.”
Long Bo clenched his fists and said!
“I still have some divine weapons here, you guys watch and pick something you take advantage of!”
Chen Ping said, directly taking out a large number of divine weapons from his storage ring!
Many of these were obtained from the Divine Demon Battlefield.
Looking at the pieces of divine weapons, the Sheng family members all looked straight!
“Mr Chen, it’s amazing that you would have so many treasures on you, these are all worth a fortune!”
Sheng Jiahui said with great envy as she looked at those divine weapons!
“Although these divine weapons are good, they are of no use in my hands, you guys should pick them yourselves!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Soon, the Sheng Family crowd began to pick!
Chen Ping watched from the sidelines, he had the Dragon Beheading Sword in his hand, as well as the Dragon Tattoo Bell, and the Demon Drawing Whip, all of which were very powerful weapons, so Chen Ping did not need any other divine weapons!
Moreover, all of these divine weapons had gone through thousands of years of sun and moon erosion, and had long since lost the power they had at the beginning!
But even if that was the case, the Sheng family would still increase their strength quite a bit by having this kind of divine weapon in their hands!
The Sheng family members all picked out the guys that were in their hands!
Chen Ping took out some more pills that could save their lives at critical moments!
After all, it was impossible for Chen Ping to be able to treat the injured Sheng family members anytime, anywhere!
It would also be beneficial to have all these people have some pills on hand!
With everything prepared, the Sheng family members were all more confident one by one!
“Today, we’re going to follow the Ye family in a battle to the death, even if we die, we’re going to pull in a cushion.”
“If we don’t save the family head, we will never live on, we will fight.”
“Even if we end up blowing ourselves up and can’t live forever, we will never compromise.”
The Sheng family roared.
“Chen Ping, I …… also want to contribute to the Sheng family, can you unlock the poison in my body?”
Sheng Tiantai seemed to have been infected by the Sheng family’s crowd and asked Chen Ping with some excitement!
“Mr Chen, never, never untie the poison.”
Sheng Jiahui did not trust her second uncle at all now!
“Mr Chen, this Sheng Tiantai is treacherous and betrayed his ancestors, his words cannot be trusted ah.”
Long Bo also blocked at Chen Ping!
Now that Sheng Tiantai had poison in his body, he didn’t dare to act rashly, if he gave him the poison to cure him, he didn’t know what he would do at that time!
Sheng Tiantai’s face was red with shame, but his eyes were firm as he looked at Chen Ping “I will never do anything to apologise to the Sheng family, now that the Ye family dares to trick me, I will fight them!”
“You believe me, I will never betray my own family ……”
Chen Ping looked at Sheng Tiantai and casually took out a pill and handed it over “This is the antidote to the poison, if you eat it you will be automatically detoxified.”
“There won’t be anyone controlling you back there, do yourself a favour ……”
Sheng Tian Tai swallowed the antidote pills in one gulp, his eyes were full of anger “I will go to the Ye family now to fight for my life, playing me like a dog, I will never be able to swallow that breath.”
After Sheng Tian Tai finished speaking, he even took the lead in rushing towards the Ye family!
Seeing this, Chen Ping and the others also rushed and swooped towards the Ye family!
In this sparring match, Chen Ping knew that many people would die!
However, from the faces of those Sheng family members, there was no timidity or cowardice to be seen at all!
Even when faced with a highly powerful family like the Ye Family, the Sheng Family would never retreat!