The middle-aged man leapt and hovered in mid-air, then let his eyes look out!
Discovering that not far away, there was a blanket of white mist shrouding the area, these mists gathered but did not disperse, just covering a few miles in a circle!
Seeing this scene, the middle-aged man quickly flew over!
Along with a divine sense dispersing, the middle-aged man realised that there was no one else around, only that when this divine sense entered the white mist, it suddenly disappeared without the slightest feedback at all!
“Could it be that this is a spell formation laid down by someone? Surprisingly, even the divine sense can’t penetrate through?”
The middle-aged man frowned slightly, then pulled out two black orbs from his arms, followed by throwing them towards the ground!
The orbs exploded, and from within the black smoke, two hungry wolves rushed out!
The two hungry wolves bared their teeth and under the command of the middle-aged man, they rushed towards the white mist!
But just after entering the white mist, two sounds of participation were heard, and the two hungry wolves never moved again!
This time, the middle-aged man’s expression became a bit gloomy, but at this time, suddenly the white mist fluctuated, and soon a sharp sword unexpectedly flew out!
The middle-aged man’s eyes went cold, and he slapped his palm out towards that sharp sword!
Boom!
Under this palm, even the sword was directly shattered!
Just as the middle-aged man was surprised, he realised that a figure had already arrived in front of him, followed by white light flashing past him!
The middle-aged man frowned, and a black shield instantly formed outside his body, directly blocking that white light!
The middle-aged man fixed his eyes and found a girl holding a longsword staring angrily at him!
This girl was none other than Luo Xi, after Luo Xi knew that someone was coming, she chose to rush out of the formation in order to not let anyone disturb Chen Ping’s cultivation!
The middle-aged man looked at Luo Xi and couldn’t help but smile “Little girl, with this strength, you dare to sneak attack me, you really are impatient.”
“Nen you and I are both Demons, I won’t kill you, but just now what treasure was that colourful light emanating from? Hand it over immediately.”
The middle-aged man saw that Luo Xi was also a devil cultivator, so he planned to let her off the hook, as long as Luo Xi handed over the treasure!
“You don’t think so, that thing belongs to Mr Chen, how can it be handed over to you ……”
Luo Xi’s eyes rounded, a face of anger said!
“Good you little girl, toasting wine, then I’ll kill you first, before taking that treasure ……”
Saying that, the middle-aged man swung his palms violently, and a monstrous black mist directly erupted from his body, and immediately transformed into a black python, attacking towards Luo Xi!
Seeing this, Luo Xi’s face changed slightly, and she hurriedly waved the longsword in her hand, and a sword awn rushed up to the sky!
“Miss Luo, quickly come back ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s voice rang in Luo Xi’s ears!
One must know that this middle-aged man was the strength of the sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, while Luo Xi was only the second rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, the difference was very great, so how could he be the opponent of the other party!
Hearing Chen Ping’s voice, Luo Xi wanted to retreat back into the formation, but it was already too late, the black python had already reached Luo Xi’s eyes!
Luo Xi was in a state of panic, just as she was at a loss for words, suddenly three rays of light shot out!
These three rays of light instantly penetrated the black python, solidified black python, in these three rays of light offensive, instantly turned into a black mist, slowly dissipated!
Luo Xi looked and realised that those three rays of light were actually three long swords, all of which were the treasured swords that Chen Ping had used to lay down the formation in the first place!
Luo Xi took the opportunity to retreat back into the formation, by this time Chen Ping had opened his eyes and gazed at the middle-aged man outside the formation!
“Mr Chen, it seems that this place will become more and more dangerous, there will soon be many people looking for this place.”
Luo Xi said to Chen Ping with a palpitating heart!
Of course Chen Ping knew that it was dangerous to stay here, but this place was so full of Immortal Qi that he just couldn’t bring himself to discard it!
Slowly, the white mist shrouded by the formation dispersed, and Chen Ping and Luo Xi’s figures were exposed to the middle-aged man!