Chen Ping was carving the divine pattern at this time, and was not concerned about all things!
After all, trapped in this place, there was still the white chicory guarding it, there would be no danger!
But just as Chen Ping was carving the divine pattern, a sudden wave of unusual aura fluctuated, smoothly causing him to open his eyes!
Only to see that in front of him, at an unknown time, there was an additional old man in a black robe!
The old man carefully surveyed Chen Ping, his eyes thick with incredulity!
“Kid, how many divine lines have you mastered now?”
The old man asked!
Chen Ping then looked at the other party and frowned slightly, “Who are you? Who am I to tell you?”
“Hahaha, who am I?”
The old man laughed and casually waved his hand!
The sky instantly became pitch-black, and within the pitch-black sky, a formation pattern appeared!
The complexity of these formation patterns was no less than Chen Ping’s current engraving of divine patterns!
Moreover, these formation patterns were like stars, covering the entire sky!
Seeing such huge formation patterns, Chen Ping was dumbfounded!
However, within these formation patterns, a demonic aura continued to emanate out!
At this, Chen Ping instantly understood who the person in front of him was.
“You are a Formation Demon?”
Chen Ping asked with great surprise!
“Not bad, I am the Formation Devil, the Divine Pattern that you are practising is not the best at all, this Devil Pattern of mine is the best.”
“You don’t need to be practising any godly patterns, learn the magic pattern from me, when the time comes, I will guarantee that you will be able to ascend to the heavenly realm.”
The Formation Demon lured at Chen Ping!
“Are magic patterns so powerful?”Chen Ping had disbelief!
“Of course it’s powerful, can’t you see it, and if you learn from me, I’ll personally teach you, unlike my senior brother, who spends all day selling his name and pretending to be a disciple, and refuses to teach him personally.”
The Formation Demon said bad things about that Godly Tattooed Ancestor!
“You fart ……”
As soon as the words fell, the figure of the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor appeared and then said to Chen Ping, “Don’t listen to his nonsense, Demonic Patterns aren’t as powerful as Divine Patterns, and it’s impossible for you to cultivate Demonic Patterns now that you’ve already congealed your innate Divine Patterns.”
“It’s possible to cultivate, I can remove your innate divine lines, and you can condense your innate demonic lines again.”
Formation Devil hurriedly said!
“Formation Devil, you f*cking pried my disciple in front of me, aren’t you going too far?”
The Divine Pattern Ancestor was enraged!
“Senior brother, why are you cursing again, there’s no quality at all.”
The Formation Demon said unhappily!
“You have quality, you pry someone else’s disciple and call it having quality, do you want to be shameless.”
The Divine Ripple Ancestor roared angrily!
This time, the two old men actually quarrelled for Chen Ping, if it was not for the fact that they had just struck, the two had consumed too much and had not yet replenished, it was estimated that there would be a fight again in this moment!
Chen Ping looked at the two people who were quarrelling, and was also speechless for a while!
And it sounds like, these two people are still master and brother, only Chen Ping does not understand, master and brother two people, how will become now like this!
“Stop, stop ……”
“You two stop arguing!”
“I’m nobody’s disciple, what are you guys arguing about!”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
The two people were stunned, and the Divine Ripple Ancestor looked at Chen Ping and said, “You’ve condensed all of your innate Divine Ripples, and you’re saying that you’re not my disciple?”
“Of course not, it’s not like I’ve worshipped a master, you’re the one who trapped me here to let me learn.”
“I learnt your Divine Patterns, I can respectfully address you as a senior, but if you want to be my master, you are not qualified enough ……”
Chen Ping’s sentence caused the Divine Pattern Ancestor to just stare!
The Formation Demon, however, laughed out loud, “Hahaha, a youngster with talent, that’s how it should be!”
The Divine Stripe Old Ancestor’s face turned red as he said, “The old man, a Star Formation Immortal of the Heavenly Realm, is not qualified enough to be your master? Aren’t you too wild?”
The Divine Grain Old Ancestor was about to die of anger!