“Chen Ping, don’t forget, this is the Guanghan Palace, do you dare to make a move here? Are you not afraid of the Guanghan Palace?”
Mu Kui was surprisingly not afraid of Chen Ping in the slightest!
This was the Guanghan Palace, his aunt was an elder of the Guanghan Palace, Mu Kui had a lot of power in the Guanghan Palace, of course he would not be afraid of Chen Ping!
As long as Chen Ping dared to make a move, he would immediately leave the Trial Tower, and at that time, he would be able to have the people of Guang Han Palace surround Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping? Could it be that this person is the one that the Demon Sealing Alliance used a hundred years of offerings to put to death?”
At this moment, a cultivator behind Mu Kui asked with golden eyes after hearing Chen Ping’s name!
“Not bad, that’s him, whoever of you can kill him will receive a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Mu Kui said as he pointed at Chen Ping!
When those few cultivators heard this, light shot out of their eyes as if they had seen a big girl!
“Hahaha, getting rich, with the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offerings, there’s no need to go on a f*cking Polar Journey.”
“Kill ya, what a lucky break!”
“No one is going to grab it from me ……”
These few cultivators still thought that they had got lucky and scrambled towards Chen Ping!
Looking at the several rushing cultivators, Chen Ping on the other hand had a calm face, in his eyes, these fellows were already dead!
They had already died the moment they moved to kill themselves!
Mu Kui, on the other hand, looked at everything with a cold smile, and then his body kept moving closer towards that gem!
He knew that these people were no match for Chen Ping!
He was doing this on purpose, in order to just make Chen Ping make a move to kill these people!
At that time, when he went out from the Trial Tower, he would be able to label Chen Ping, and the Guanghan Palace would not sit idly by!
Chen Ping had also long seen that Mu Kui’s thoughts, but there was no way he was going to let Mu Kui leave alive, if his identity was exposed, it would be troublesome!
Chen Ping raised his hand and a bow and arrow appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
Divine King Bow!
Chen Ping had actually brought out the God King Bow!
In order to keep everyone here, as long as these people died, no one would know his identity, much less that he had the God King Bow!
Seeing the God King Bow that Chen Ping had suddenly taken out, several cultivators were all stunned!
But just as they froze, Chen Ping had already fastened the bowstring and then slowly pulled it full!
The Dao Pattern Fatal Qi continued to condense and finally became several arrow feathers!
Swish!
As soon as Chen Ping let go of his hand, these arrow feathers instantly headed towards those few cultivators!
There was no time to have any reaction at all, and the bodies of those few cultivators were penetrated by the arrow feathers!
At the moment the arrow feathers penetrated, the bodies of the several cultivators unexpectedly began to vaporise, and in the end, they directly flew into ashes, not even leaving behind their corpses!
Looking at the horrifying scene, Mu Kui, who had just been laughing coldly, was directly dumbfounded!
He did not know that Chen Ping even had such a powerful weapon in his hands!
This fellow unexpectedly did not recognise the Divine King Bow!
Mu Kui turned around and lunged towards that gem, he wanted to leave this trial tower as soon as possible!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, pulled his bow once again, and an arrow feather that emitted an icy aura appeared!
Chen Ping gently loosened his fingers, and the arrow feather travelled towards Mu Kui like a shooting star!
The arrow feather pierced through the void in the blink of an eye and arrived in front of Mu Kui!
“What in the world is this ………… fellow?”
Mu Kui was shocked, he did not understand what kind of prince or noble Chen Ping was, how could he have such a powerful weapon in his hands!
Feeling the aura of death approaching, Mu Kui had some regrets, regretting what he was doing by messing with this Chen Ping, wouldn’t it be fine for him to directly leave the Trial Tower!
But now it was too late for regrets, he could only keep waving out a spiritual qi, then various barriers were generated in front of Mu Kui!
In the end, it was a wall of fire, and these barriers blocked Mu Kui to death!
It was a pity that Chen Ping was holding a Divine King Bow, not an ordinary weapon!
These barriers were less fragile than waste paper in front of the Divine King Bow!