Only then did Chen Ping realize that no wonder Su Wenzong asked Chen Ping if he was in trouble as soon as he entered the door!
“Chen Ping, you are too small for my Su family, although this 5 billion is quite a lot, but it is not what I sold my industry for, to say the least there is still a lot of your money in it, the money from the sale of the Little Returning Pill is also in it, and this relationship between you and Yu Qi, almost everyone in Jiangcheng knows about it, so many companies are following my Su family’s cooperation, which makes us earn a lot of money! ”
“And all the Xiao family’s properties, if it wasn’t for you, how could I have bought them over at a low price? So this money is also your due, you’d better take it, if it’s not enough, we’ll think of something, after all, we’re a family!”
Su Wenzong said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s heart warmed up, he nodded and put the bank card away, with this money, he would be able to get enough money for the medicine of the Medicine King’s residence!
Seeing Chen Ping put the money away, Su Wenzong smiled faintly and continued, “Just returned, you two go and rest first, in the evening at the Regal Hotel, there is a banquet, ancient, and Mayor Ling knows you are back, so he thought of sitting together, and there are quite a few Jiangcheng tycoons, all waiting to befriend you!”
Chen Ping smiled helplessly, in fact, he disliked this kind of entertainment, but with Gu Wentian and Ling Zhenchuan around, after all, the two people had helped him a lot, so he always had to save face, so Chen Ping nodded his head and agreed!
Su Wenzong wanted Chen Ping to rest at the Su family villa, but Chen Ping decided to go back to the Pan Long Bay villa, where there was more spiritual energy after all, and Chen Ping hadn’t practiced properly since he had broken through to Foundation Establishment!
Su Wenzong let Su Yuqi follow Chen Ping back to the Pan Long Bay, parting Su Wenzong also did not forget to Su Yuqi admonished: “Yuqi, you take care of Chen Ping more, Dad is not an old stubborn, if you can give me a grandchild, I will watch the child for you all day …… ”
“Dad, what are you talking about? We’re not even married yet, have you talked to your own daughter like this?”
Su Yuqi said as she blushed and glared at Su Wenzong.
“It’s not easy to say, you guys will get your license tomorrow, dad will give you a wedding, the most luxurious wedding in all of Jiangcheng is guaranteed!”
Su Wenzong said with a smile.
“Ignore you ……”
Su Yuqi pulled Chen Ping and left, leaving only Su Wenzong laughing behind him!
Back at the Pan Long Bay villa, Su Yuqi was tired from the half-day car ride, so she laid down and rested, while Chen Ping transferred the money in his hand to Chi Feng, so that she could get the herbs as soon as possible!
And then Chen Ping sat on his knees and began to slowly cultivate, after entering the Foundation Establishment stage, Chen Ping’s need for spiritual energy was getting greater and greater!
But not long after Chen Ping had entered into cultivation, the phone suddenly rang, it was Red Phoenix calling!
As soon as the call was answered, Red Phoenix’s voice with anxiety came through, “Hall Master, something has happened, all of our men at the Jiang family villa have died!”
“When did this happen?” Chen Ping frowned!
“It should have been in the morning, I was negligent and didn’t come over here to check, only now did I find out that everyone was dead!”
Chifeng blamed himself very much.
Chen Ping’s face was gloomy, although he had returned, there was still someone guarding the Jiang family villa though, and now people had actually been killed!
“Do you know what kind of person it was? That Jiang Zhengde? Or someone from Xuan Yue Valley, or maybe there was someone else?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Not sure, but since the other party didn’t find you here, they will definitely go to Jiangcheng, so Hall Master, you should pay more attention to yourself!”
Red Phoenix reminded Chen Ping.
“Okay, I know!” Chen Ping finished speaking and hung up the phone!
Chen Ping’s deep eyes were filled with killing intent, no matter who came, soldiers would come and kill each other!