“Yue Buqun, what about Chen Ping?” The Divine Reckoning took a look at the modest cave and there was no sign of Chen Ping at all!
“With Master Divine Reckoning’s skills, do you still need me to tell you where Chen is?”
Yue Buqun laughed!
“That’s not necessary ……” The Divine Reckoning said, pulling out a copper coin and, after blowing a fierce breath, spinning it around in his hand a few times!
Then he put the coin away and said, “Chen Ping is on his way back, so I’ll wait for him for a while ……”
“Master of Divine Calculation is really powerful, it is worthy to be able to spy out the heavenly opportunity, called the half immortal person ah ……”
Yue Buqun also boasted to the Divine Reckoning!
This time, the divine calculator was blown away and was full of complacency!
“Yue Buqun, why do you think you offended the entire Hidden World sect for a single Chen Ping, and ended up in a situation where you were almost destroyed ……”
“If you are not helping that Chen Ping now, and are honest and repentant, I will go and put in a word for you, so that Leng Wu Dao will let you off the hook ……”
The Divine Reckoning spoke to Yue Buqun to console him!
“Master Divine Calculus has no idea, that Leng Wu Dao has long since seen no one in his eyes, our three sects and six schools in the hidden world, originally there is no difference between high and low, but now they have to listen to that Leng Wu Dao.”
“And the Flying Star Sect has obviously joined forces with the Heavenly Thunder Sect apparently, by then the whole Hidden Realm will have to listen to them.”
“Even if the Divine Calculation Master were to speak out, that Leng Wu Dao may not give you face.”
Yue Buqun deliberately said so to stir up the divine Reckoning’s fire!
“Hmph, that Leng Wu Dao can look down on others, but if he dares to look down on me, he doesn’t have the guts to do so.”
“On the other hand, why do you want to help that Chen Ping? Could it be that he has some secret in him?”
The reason why the Divine Abbot had come alone was to find out if there was any secret in Chen Ping’s body!
The Divine Abbot had once divined Chen Ping to see what secrets Chen Ping had, only that unfortunately nothing came out, and that was what aroused his curiosity!
“Master Divine Reckoning, if I am correct, you must have divined Chen and did not divine anything, right?”
Yue Buqun asked.
The Divine Abbot nodded “Yes, this is the first time I have encountered such a situation ……”
“Master Divine Reckoning, to be honest, that Mr. Chen does have a great secret in his body, I once also divined Mr. Chen, but not only did I get nothing, but I almost got killed myself ……”
Yue Buqun said in a small voice.
This, more than anything else, had aroused the curiosity of that divine calculator, and this was the result Yue Buqun wanted!
“When that Chen Ping comes back, I want to divine him in person, I want to see what secrets are in this guy that will be so powerful ……”
“And he can also control so many demon beasts and make those demon beasts listen to him, this is too incredible ……”
The divine Calculus said with some impatience.
Just then, Chen Ping had hurried back, and when he saw those Divination Gang disciples at the entrance of the cave, killing intent instantly rose up from Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to make a move, Liu Xing hurriedly greeted him and said “Mr. Chen, these people are from the Divination Gang, and their master, the Divine Calculus, is waiting for you inside the cave ……”
“They didn’t make a move, did they?” Chen Ping asked.
Liu Xing shook his head, and then whispered, “No, this Divine Reckoner has a flaw, he likes to listen to people’s praise, we just gave him a praise, he did not do anything, now my master is inside, is praising him ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, he couldn’t help but laugh, he didn’t expect there to be such people ……
Chen Ping walked into the cave and saw the Divine Reckoner sitting inside!
“Mr. Chen, this is Master Divine Abbot, the leader of the Divination Gang ……”
Yue Buqun hurriedly followed Chen Ping and introduced him!
Chen Ping merely nodded slightly before sitting to the side!