Just for the pleasure of killing?
“Can’t you see that this is someone who is going to use the aura that emanates from that corpse as it decays to restore themselves.”
“This is called Corpse Qi, and Corpse Qi can also be used for cultivation.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch explained after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s scalp was numb and goosebumps were rising at the moment, it was for the purpose of using Corpse Qi to cultivate, then luring people in to kill them and letting the corpses slowly decay!
In this way, people become cultivation resources, and the cultivators of the entire Bibo Star become captive animals that can be slaughtered at any time when they want to eat!
It’s horrible ……
Chen Ping didn’t dare to think any further!
“Chen Ping, how’s it going, you’ve been frozen for half a day?”
At this time, Lin Keting saw that Chen Ping’s expression was not right, so she pushed and asked!
“Oh, nothing.”Chen Ping hurriedly shook his head!
“Then let’s go up, it looks too scary here ……”
Lin Keting saw that Chen Ping was fine, so she wanted to walk up the tower!
Seeing this, Chen Ping wanted to stop her, but did not say anything, at this moment Chen Ping was torn inside!
He didn’t know, what kind of thing was the guy who cultivated with corpse qi!
This would be a disaster if he killed them all as well and then used their corpse Qi to cultivate!
However, seeing that Lin Ke Ting had already headed towards the stairs, Chen Ping could only follow him head on!
A few people stepped on the wooden stairs on the first floor, making creaking sounds!
Chen Ping’s face was a little pale and his expression was tight!
He couldn’t tell the others what he knew, or else he would scare these few people!
After coming to the first floor, he found that the first floor was surprisingly full of corpses as well, both male and female, except that these corpses were all intact, each with a vivid expression, as if they were alive!
It was just that all of these corpses had no clothes on, they were all naked, with some demonic beasts’ corpses mixed in!
Hundreds of naked corpses stood in various poses, if one didn’t look closely, one would think they were sculptures!
Seeing these, Zhu Qingxiu and Lin Keting’s faces instantly reddened and they directly turned their bodies away!
Too shy, what is this?
The two guys, Lei Beast and Ji Yun, both looked straight and stared wide-eyed, unable to take a step!
Chen Ping had no choice but to wave his hand gently, and instantly a mist covered all the corpses!
Otherwise, there was no way for them to pass through these corpses.
“What the hell is this perverted fellow?”
Chen Ping cursed inwardly, he didn’t know what kind of perverted guy Tali was!
“Let’s go, go upstairs, don’t look!”
Chen Ping said, then took Zhu Qingxiu and Lin Keting’s hands and walked towards the upstairs!
The two girls had their eyes closed the entire time, too shy to look!
“Open your eyes, you can’t see anything anymore, don’t pretend, just now you two secretly opened your eyes, don’t think I didn’t notice.”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but laugh when he saw Zhu Qingxiu and Lin Keting in that state!
Although the two had their eyes closed, they still had a little gap left!
The ambivalence made them want to look but not dare to look, that’s why they were like this, sneaking a couple of glances!
“Nonsense you, who peeked ……”
Lin Keting opened her eyes and realised that she was surrounded by mist and could no longer see the naked bodies, so she glared at Chen Ping and said!
“That’s right, who peeped, I didn’t peep.”
Zhu Qingxiu also had a stiff upper lip and did not admit it.
Chen Ping also did not dare the two to admit it or not, and directly pulled to go upstairs!
What is on the first floor, Chen Ping does not want to see it, even if it is hidden treasures, Chen Ping does not want to find it!
Hot eyes …………
Soon several people came to the third floor, the third floor was very bright, and there was no longer a trace of the smell of decay, and surprisingly, there was also a trace of a faint fragrance!
This contrast directly made a few people a little confused!