‘I’m afraid that a man like Junior Brother won’t be able to see many more in the entire Celestial Realm!’
At this time, Qian Xiu walked in!
Seeing that it was Qian Xiu, Wei Qing froze and said, ‘Senior Sister Qian, if you’re not staying in your own mansion in the middle of the night, why are you running here?’
‘Senior brother, I’ve come to see how Junior Brother has recovered, and by the way, I’ve brought some fruits for Junior Brother!’
Saying that, Qian Xiu pulled out a few bright red, dripping spirit fruits from his arms!
One must know that in a desert place like the Purple Flame Sect, it would be too difficult to eat fruits, not to mention that this kind was still spirit fruits!
‘Senior Sister Qian, you …… are stealing Elder Hu’s spirit fruits?’
Wei Qing looked at the few spirit fruits and said in surprise!
‘How can it be considered stealing, now that my master has been imprisoned for thirty years, I have the final say in the entire mansion, and these things will be distributed by me.’
‘I was worried that Junior Senior Brother wouldn’t recover well, so I brought them over for him!’
‘Junior Brother, eat it quickly, this kind of thing, only the Elder level can see it!’
Qian Xiu handed a few spirit fruits to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was not polite, ‘Thank you senior sister!’
‘What’s the point of being polite with elder sister, what do you want, just tell elder sister, elder sister will satisfy you!’
Qian Xiu said with a smile!
This could make Wei Qing on the side envious to the point of crying!
Chen Ping was also speechless for a while, he could tell that this Qian Xiu wanted to sleep with himself!
However, Chen Ping did not have any feelings for Qian Xiu!
Although Qian Xiu was also good looking and was considered a beauty, but compared to the women around Chen Ping, it was still almost meaningless!
If compared to the girl that he had just seen in that Spirit Pool, it was even worse!
‘Senior brother, did you know that that Huo Dong came back today.’
Qian Xiu said to Wei Qing!
‘What? How did he come back? Wasn’t he expelled from the sect?’
Wei Qing said with a puzzled expression!
‘Then who knows, now that his father is the sect master, he must have called him back.’
‘And that Liu Sh*tong was all but crippled by Junior Master, Sect Master Huo must have needed to find a competent helper to do so!’
Qian Xiu said!
‘Senior brother, what is this Huo Dong?’
Chen Ping asked curiously!
‘This Huo Dong is Sect Master Huo’s son, who was kicked out of the sect and didn’t know where he went.’
‘I didn’t expect that he would come back now!’
Wei Qing explained!
‘Why was he driven out of the sect?’ Chen Ping was puzzled, in the past, that Huo Yuan Ting was an elder anyways, how could an elder’s son be driven out of the sect?
‘Junior Brother, you don’t know, this Huo Dong is a big pervert, the female disciples who were in the sect at that time were not spoilt by him.’
‘So much so that later on, there were fewer and fewer female disciples in the Purple Flame Sect, but no one cared about him because his father was an Elder.’
‘But I didn’t expect that this guy was so colourful and daring that he made a move on Senior Sister Zhu Ling and almost played with her, but luckily he was discovered.’
‘At that time, when the old Sect Master saw that his daughter was almost spoilt, he was about to kill that Huo Dong in a fit of rage, but it was only after a few Elders begged for mercy that Huo Dong was expelled from the sect!’
‘Now that the old Sect Master has abdicated and Huo Yuan Ting has become the Sect Master, he didn’t expect to call his own son back again, this time the female disciples within the Sect are going to suffer again.’
Wei Qing said with a light sigh!
After Wei Qing finished speaking, Chen Ping could not help but look towards Qian Xiu, after all, Qian Xiu was also a female disciple!
Seeing Chen Ping looking at himself, Qian Xiu hurriedly explained, ‘I have not been touched by that Huo Dong, I am still innocent now!’
‘Senior Sister Qian hasn’t been touched, at that time, Elder Hu was watching tightly, that Huo Dong couldn’t even find a chance to lay his hands on her.’ Wei Qing also hurriedly said!
‘Senior Sister Qian, then when this Huo Dong comes back, you have to be careful, now that Elder Hu is locked up, there is no one to make decisions for you, if that Huo Dong messes up, can you beat him?’
Chen Ping reminded Qian Xiu!