Inside the City of Ultimate Bliss, Chen Ping kept sending spiritual energy into Xiao Ru’s body!
The spirit fire on the palm of his hand was constantly jumping around.
“Xiao Ru, wake up, wake up quickly …………”
Chen Ping shouted anxiously inside.
This was the fourth time that he had channeled spiritual energy into Xiao Ru’s body to allow the cold ice on her body to fuse.
Each time, Chen Ping would exhaust the spiritual energy in his dantian before he would stop!
It was the fourth time, but Xiao Ru still had not moved at all, and the spiritual energy Chen Ping had channeled seemed to sink into the sea.
This time, the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body was once again exhausted, but Xiao Ru still did not change.
Chen Ping let out a long sigh, the beast pills on the ground had already been consumed by Chen Ping, but he still could not bring Xiao Ru back to life!
Helplessly, Chen Ping prepared to cultivate again, and after the spiritual energy in his dantian had recovered, he would continue to save Xiao Ru.
But just as Chen Ping was about to sit on his knees, a white light suddenly flashed across his chest.
The Dragon Crystal inside Chen Ping’s body then seemed to react and unexpectedly began to pulsate.
Chen Ping was stunned, then a sharp pain shot through his chest, followed by the Dragon Crystal actually coming out of Chen Ping’s body!
The dazzling Dragon Crystal was like the sun, emitting a scorching light!
Under this light, Chen Ping did not dare to open his eyes, and his body was also stung by the hot light!
Slowly, the dragon crystal actually flew above Xiao Ru’s head, followed by the light wrapping Xiao Ru up.
“What is this??”
Chen Ping was startled and stared at Xiao Ru with a deadly stare.
Only to see that the frost on Xiao Ru’s body began to slowly fade away under this hot light, and Xiao Ru’s skin slowly turned from pale to rosy!
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed, he did not expect that after all his efforts, he had not been able to revive Xiao Ru.
And as soon as this dragon crystal appeared, the frost on Xiao Ru’s body immediately disappeared.
Could it be that this ice dragon’s ice seal could only be undone by the Inferno Dragon?
At this moment, Chen Ping seemed to understand that this dragon crystal, now, was a combination of the ice dragon and the dragon crystal of the inflamed dragon.
This sizzling light should have been emitted from the Inferno Dragon Dragon Crystal.
Just as Chen Ping was contemplating, the frost on Xiao Ru’s body completely disappeared, and Xiao Ru’s tightly closed eyes, at this moment, moved slightly, then slowly opened!
“Xiao Ru …………”
When Chen Ping saw Xiao Ru open her eyes, his entire body rushed up in excitement.
“Brother Chen Ping?”
Xiao Ru was bewildered when she saw Chen Ping.
What happened after being frozen, Xiao Ru didn’t remember at all, she only remembered that they were on Dragon Lock Island, taking the Ice Dragon Dragon Crystal.
“Great, great, you’re finally awake ……”
Chen Ping looked at Xiao Ru and unexpectedly burst into tears.
Seeing Chen Ping actually crying made Xiao Ru a little overwhelmed, “Brother Chen Ping, what’s wrong with you? Where are we?”
Xiao Ru looked around in bewilderment.
“We’re here on Dragon Lock Island, you’ve been frozen by that ice dragon ……”
Chen Ping explained excitedly.
Remembering what had happened, Xiao Ru hurriedly asked, “Brother Chen Ping, did you get that ice dragon dragon crystal? Where is that ice dragon?”
“Got it, got it ……”
Chen Ping nodded desperately, then reached out and slowly grabbed the dragon crystal on top of Xiao Ru’s head in his hand.
“Look, this is the dragon crystal, this is not only the ice dragon’s dragon crystal, but also the inflammation dragon’s dragon crystal ……”
Chen Ping handed the dragon crystal to Xiao Ru’s face.
Looking at the crystal clear dragon crystal in front of her, Xiao Ru also had a smile on her face, since Chen Ping had obtained the dragon crystal, then her efforts had not been in vain.
However, Xiao Ru did not understand how Chen Ping still had the Inferno Dragon Dragon Crystal, so she asked, “Brother Chen Ping, what exactly happened? How come you still have the Inferno Dragon Dragon Crystal?”
Chen Ping swallowed the dragon crystal into his body, and then slowly followed Xiao Ru as he recounted what had happened.
Only at this time did Xiao Ru realise that she had actually been frozen for months and that so many things had happened during these months.