Especially this Remorseless City, it was the biggest city he had ever seen!
“Prime Minister Yu, why is it that after we entered the city, everyone in the city is not moving ah?”
Chen Ping looked at both sides of the street, the crowds of people who were standing still, and asked curiously!
“This is the rule of our Xiao Dynasty, it is also to avoid anyone from committing an assassination, after all, in such a large dynasty, there will always be people who have mischief in their hearts.”
Yu Wenqiang said bluntly!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was speechless, this kind of rule could really avoid being assassinated, no one was allowed to move, if they moved, they would be treated as an assassin, although this method was immoral, it was very effective!
Chen Ping knew that in the secular world it was actually all the same, often when the top brass travelled, they were also under martial law in advance and emptied the staff.
It seemed that this Celestial Realm was no different from the secular world!
It was just that everyone in the Celestial Realm was a cultivator, but after everyone cultivated Immortality, Immortal Cultivators were not worth much anymore!
Soon, Chen Ping arrived at the Imperial City in the centre of the city, after arriving here, Chen Ping got off the bus and could only enter on foot!
However, Xiao Yuanshan and Xiao Feng, father and son, were already waiting at the entrance of the Imperial City!
It was evident that this Xiao Yuanshan attached importance to Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, it’s been a long journey, it’s been hard ……”
Xiao Yuanshan was very polite as he went forward and greeted Chen Ping after him, without the slightest bit of a stance!
Xiao Feng, on the other hand, bowed deeply towards Chen Ping and said, “Mr Chen, the kindness of saving my life, I will never forget it ……”
“Emperor Xiao, Prince, you guys are too polite, I was just raising my hand.”
“What’s more, you all paid for it as well, this is considered a transaction on our part, it’s not a life-saving favour!”
Chen Ping hurriedly waved his hand!
Xiao Yuanshan followed Xiao Feng’s attitude, causing Chen Ping to be somewhat flattered!
Seeing this scene, Zhen Yuandao and the others were also envious inwardly, if their Zhen Family could receive such courtesy from Emperor Xiao, then the Zhen Family would be prosperous!
“Oh, I almost forgot, I still have Immortal Bones that I haven’t given to Mr Chen, I’ll order someone to go get them!”
Xiao Yuanshan instantly slapped his head when he heard Chen Ping’s words!
“Emperor Xiao, I don’t mean that, the Immortal Bones can be fetched at any time, let’s go and take a look at those sick spirit beasts!”
Chen Ping knew that Xiao Yuanshan had misunderstood his meaning!
“Good, then I will take you to take a look at ……”
Xiao Yuanshan nodded and said!
From the beginning to the end, Xiao Yuanshan did not say a single word after the Zhen Family’s crowd, and from this, it could be seen that the Zhen Family was really a mole in front of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Xiao Yuanshan personally led Chen Ping and the others to the side of the Imperial City, where there was a large area where quite a few spirit beasts were kept in captivity!
“Mr Chen, the spirit beasts in this circle don’t know what’s going on, they suddenly became what they are now, take a look!”
Xiao Yuanshan said as he pointed at one of the courtyards that had been bred with formations!
Chen Ping took a look and found that there were dozens of spirit beasts here, only that these spirit beasts looked a little shrivelled, and there were also spirit beasts that had lost all their five senses, and there were even some that were roaring and screaming, with red eyes!
The symptoms of all these spirit beasts were surprisingly different, which made Chen Ping feel a little strange!
“Are there no problems with the other spirit beasts?”
Chen Ping asked!
“No, even the spirit beasts in the other courtyard right next to them are all normal, and these spirit beasts have the same resources every day.”
“It’s just that I don’t know what the reason is, all of a sudden the spirit beasts in this courtyard had a problem, I’ve had all the pharmacists in the Imperial City look at it, and I can’t find the reason at all!”
Xiao Yuan Shan said!
“This is strange, since all these spirit beasts consume the same resources, why is it that only the spirit beasts in this courtyard have problems?”
“Could it be because of viral contagion, but these spirit beasts are not all of the same species, so what could possibly be contagious?”
“How strange!”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, then looked towards Zhen Yuandao and Zhong Yi, “Both of you, I wonder if you can see any problems?