To deal with such a projection, supreme fire was the best weapon.
“Extinguish.”
A single word, spoken lightly.
“Boom!!!”
The grand projection of the Tianyuan Pavilion Master was forcibly crushed into a shower of light!
Seeing this, everyone was dumbfounded!
“Just a mere projection dares to threaten me? Truly courting death!” Chen Ping snorted coldly!
“Thud!”
Tianci tried to flee, but his legs gave way, and he collapsed to his knees, his trousers soaked. This so-called prodigy of Tianyuan Pavilion had been scared to the point of wetting himself!
Seeing Tianci’s pathetic state, Mo Qingyun burst into laughter, thoroughly amused.
Who let this guy act so high and mighty before? Now he was humbled!
“Trying to run?”
Chen Ping crushed the stone tiles beneath his feet, each step pounding on Tianci’s heart.
Tianci, tears and snot streaming down his face, crawled backwards, “Chen… Senior Chen, spare me! I… I was just following orders! It has nothing to do with me, and I won’t trouble Mo Qingyun anymore.”
Tianci begged desperately, only wanting to survive.
“Tianyuan Pavilion’s prodigy?” Chen Ping stomped on his chest, “Nothing special.”
Golden light spread from his foot, and Tianci let out a gurgling sound from his throat, turning into a charred corpse in an instant.
“Boom! Boom!”
Suddenly, two loud explosions came from the distance. The two warrior statues returned, having slaughtered over a dozen Tianyuan Pavilion experts!
The statues returned and transformed into black mist, merging back into Chen Ping’s body!
Seeing this, the Third Elder of the Asura Hall was filled with shock. Those two warrior statues were also relics, truly treasures to anyone!
Though he knew they were treasures, the Third Elder no longer dared to harbour even a shred of greed.
“Mr. Chen, since the matter has been clarified, we shall take our leave. I must report back to our young lady.”
The Third Elder clasped his fists towards Chen Ping!
“Please convey my apologies to the Asura Hall,” Chen Ping said, returning the gesture.
Since the Asura Hall was so reasonable, Chen Ping felt he had gone too far in killing Sang Kun.
“I will. If you have time, please visit our Asura Hall as a guest, Mr. Chen.”
The Third Elder said!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded!
He knew he needed to visit the Asura Hall. After all, he had killed their young master, yet they not only refrained from seeking revenge but also apologised to him!
Chen Ping felt that going in person to explain would show respect to the Asura Hall!
After all, having more friends was better than having more enemies!
The Third Elder left with his men!
Only the Mo family remained, standing amidst the ruins!
At this moment, everyone’s gaze fell on Mo Qingchen!
“Family Head, I was deceived by Mo Qingchen, which led me to make mistakes and join him in forcing you to abdicate. Please punish me, Family Head!”
“Yes, we were deceived. Please punish us, Family Head!”
A group of Mo family elders suddenly knelt before Mo Wuji!
They knew that siding with Mo Qingchen now would likely cost them their lives!
Mo Qingchen’s face was ashen, as if he had eaten filth, his body trembling as he knelt!
“Uncle!” Mo Qingchen frantically kowtowed, his forehead bloodied and mangled, “It was all Elder Tong from Tianyuan Pavilion who forced me!”
Mo Wuji looked at the kneeling Mo Qingchen, his face like cold iron, devoid of any familial affection!
“Traitor!”
“I raised you to adulthood, yet you stabbed me in the back. You deserve death!”
A flash of sword light, and a head rolled.
The scene fell silent.
Mo Wuji turned and bowed deeply to Chen Ping, “The entire Mo family thanks you for your great kindness, sir!”
Chen Ping hurriedly stepped forward to help Mo Wuji up, saying, “No need for such formalities, Family Head Mo. Since Qingyun is my woman, we are family, and it’s only right that I help.”
“Yes, we are family!” Mo Wuji nodded happily!
Then, turning to the Mo family members, he declared loudly, “From today onwards, when you see Chen Ping, treat him as you would the Family Head.”
“Anyone who dares to disrespect Mr. Chen will face family law…”
“We pay our respects to Mr. Chen…”
All the Mo family disciples knelt on one knee in unison, looking at Chen Ping’s imposing figure with awe in their eyes.