Chen Ping nodded and said with a faint smile, “Not bad, she is indeed a Martial God.”
At these words, Ginger Wei was instantly confused, his mouth was open and he looked at Liu Rui in disbelief!
Obviously they didn’t believe that Liu Rui, a young girl, could possibly be a Martial God!
Liu Rui could also see that several people did not believe her, so she radiated her Martial God aura slightly, instantly making several people feel a terrifying pressure!
This time, several people had to believe it and looked at Liu Rui with shock!
“Mr. Chen, what realm are you …… at now?”
Ginger Wei asked to Chen Ping.
“The Eighth Grade Martial Saint Realm ……” Chen Ping said indifferently.
When they heard that Chen Ping had already reached the Eighth Grade Martial Saint Realm, the faces of several people were even more shocked.
They knew that when they separated from Penglai Island, Chen Ping was only a Grand Martial Marquis!
Now he had reached the Eighth Grade Martial Saint realm, and if he had more time, he could have broken through to Martial God!
But Chen Ping, a Martial Saint of the eighth rank, would have no problem dealing with a Martial God of the fifth rank!
“With Mr. Chen here, we still have nothing to fear from the Heavenly Thunder Sect.”
“A Martial God and an Eighth Grade Martial Saint, who else in the martial world would dare to disobey.”
Zhu Hao opened his mouth with excitement!
Because Zhu Hao had been angry with Chen Ping during his time on Penglai Island, the patriarch kept his head down and did not dare to speak after meeting Chen Ping!
Now he heard that Chen Ping was already a Martial Saint of the eighth rank, and that the woman he brought with him was a Martial God, so he could be said to be walking around with such strength!
“Zhu Hao, I remember you always wanted to fight with Mr. Chen in the past.”
Ginger Wei looked at Zhu Hao and said in a playful manner.
Zhu Hao blushed and said with embarra*sment on his face, “That was my ignorance, now a fart from Mr. Chen can kill me!”
“Ho ho ho …………”
Liu Rui was instantly amused at the sound of this!
“Don’t be careless, the world of martial arts is not what you see, there are many masters in the world of martial arts, and the Martial Gods may not even count for anything.”
“Follow me to the mountain later, don’t take any action without permission ……”
Chen Ping said to Jiang Wei and the others!
“Don’t worry, Mr. Chen, we will do whatever you say. ……”
Ginger Wei nodded heavily!
Soon, Chen Ping led Ginger Wei and the others towards the Kunlun Mountains!
Many other martial artists saw this, and some followed behind them. After all, there must be treasures in this kind of Kunlun Mountain Range.
Slowly, hundreds of martial artists followed behind Chen Ping and the others, heading towards the Kunlun Mountains!
At this moment, at the foot of the mountain, a few Tian Lei disciples were leaning against a tree, chatting.
When they saw the martial artists who had run away returning, they became furious!
“How dare you! Don’t you understand what our Second Young Master is saying?”
“How dare you come back after you’ve been driven away, do you want to die?”
A disciple of the Heavenly Thunder Sect stepped forward and stopped Chen Ping, cursing arrogantly!
To these martial artists in front of them, the Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples had no regard for them at all, they were like ants!
“This Kunlun Mountain doesn’t belong to your family, so I can’t even go up there if I want to?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently.
“No, our Heavenly Thunder Sect has now sealed this place off and made it a forbidden place, so you can’t go in!”
The Heavenly Thunder Sect disciple said arrogantly.
“What if I have to go in?” Chen Ping asked.
“That would be seeking death ……”
The disciple of the Heavenly Thunder Sect had an aura of a half-step Martial God!
When they felt this aura, their faces instantly turned ugly, an ordinary disciple was so much stronger than them!
“When did you become so arrogant? You simply don’t care about other sects!”
Liu Rui finished her sentence and kicked the disciple of the Heavenly Thunder Sect out of the room.