When he saw Su Wenzong coming, Xiao Yan smiled coldly, “Old Su, you have come just in time, take your daughter away, I will definitely get this brat killed today!”
Su Wenzong ignored Xiao Yan and instead looked at Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, I have frightened you!”
Su Wenzong’s humbled appearance caused everyone to fall in disbelief!
“No matter, a mere Xiao Clan can’t help me yet!”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently!
Chen Ping’s words once again enraged Xiao Yan: “Kid, if I don’t kill you today, how can my Xiao Clan gain a foothold in Hong City!”
After saying this, Xiao Yan looked at the dozens of bodyguards under him, “Whoever can kill this brat will be rewarded with one million dollars!”
Upon hearing the reward of one million, the dozens of bodyguards’ eyes turned red and they all rubbed their fists together!
“I’ll see if any of you dare to move!”
Su Wen Zong shouted angrily, “Don’t forget, this is on my turf, this is my hotel!”
As Su Wen Zong’s words fell, dozens more security guards hurriedly arrived, and the Su family’s old butler also arrived with a head full of sweat.
“Master, I have already explained what you ordered, the security guards from the Su family and the property are all rushing towards here, and those bodyguards from the Su family will also arrive soon!”
The old butler followed Su Wen Zong to report.
Su Wen Zong nodded and the old butler retreated!
Xiao Yan listened to the Su Family’s old butler’s report and his brows instantly knitted together, “Su Wenzong, are you planning to fight me to the death for such a brat?”
“Xiao Yan, if you are determined to kill Mr. Chen, what can you do if you fight with your Xiao family, do you think I will be afraid of you?”
Su Wenzong said without the slightest fear.
The Xiao Clan and the Su Clan were already of equal strength, so if they really fought, it would definitely be a lose-lose situation!
All the guests were hiding far away at this moment, calculating in their hearts that if the Su Clan and the Xiao Clan fought, it would definitely be the other clans that would benefit.
Xiao Yan’s face turned red with anger as the killing intent in his eyes grew thicker and thicker!
“Su Wenzong, you are forcing me again, then don’t blame me for not being polite, you have forgotten one thing, that is, Master Tiger owes our Xiao Clan a favour!”
As soon as Xiao Yan’s words left his mouth, Su Wenzong’s face instantly changed and there was a bit of panic in his eyes!
Even the surrounding guests were all shivering when they heard the words Master Tiger, and they could not help but have chills rising from their hearts!
This Master Tiger was called Lin Tianhu, the Master of the Gathering Hall of Righteousness, and this Lin Tianhu was the underground emperor of the entire Hongcheng!
There is a famous saying in Hong Kong City: “Better to mess with the King of Hell than the Hall of Righteousness!” This phrase was enough to show the strength of the Gathering of Righteousness Hall in Hongcheng!
And Lin Tianhu, who was the head of the Gathering of Righteousness Hall, was the one who would make Hong City tremble when he stomped his foot!
Seeing Su Wenzong’s frightened expression, Xiao Yan laughed out loud, “Su Wenzong, if you take your people away now, I will pretend that nothing has happened, don’t force me to call Master Tiger!”
The muscles at the corners of Su Wenzong’s eyes twitched continuously, he hesitated because that Lin Tianhu’s name was too loud and their Su family could not afford to mess with it.
“Mr Su, I’ll take care of my own matters, you’d better take your people away!”
Chen Ping could see that Su Wenzong was hesitating, so he spoke out.
Su Wenzong gritted his teeth and said, “Mr. Chen, you saved my life, are you not slapping me in the face by saying this, if we fight later, I will let Yu Qi take Mr. Chen and escape while I have the chance, then whether it is Lin Tianhu or Xiao Yan, they will not dare to kill me.”
“Dad ……,” Su Yuqi grabbed Su Wenzong’s sleeve with a deadly grip!
“Yu Qi, after you take Mr. Chen away, go to the Su Family secret room, you know the location, and come out after the wind and waves have calmed down!”
Su Wen Zong barked at Su Yu Qi.
“Su Wenzong, how’s the consideration? Do you want me to trouble Master Tiger?”
Xiao Yan saw that Su Wenzong had not taken a position, so he urged.
“Xiao Yan, Mr. Chen, I am bailed out ……”
Su Wenzong said with a firm face.
“Good, you kid have guts!” Xiao Yan gritted his teeth in anger and directly dialed Lin Tianhu’s number!
In fact, this favor, Xiao Yan very much did not want to use, because it was used by the Xiao family to save their lives, back then, Xiao Yan’s father, had once let Lin Tianhu borrow a night in the rain, so back then, Lin Tianhu, who was still very young, had said that he owed the Xiao family a favor, and that he could find him to return this favor whenever he wanted!
Originally, the Xiao family expected to use this favour when the family was in great distress, but in this situation today, if Xiao Yan did not kill Chen Ping, he would not be willing to do so, and their Xiao family would also be laughed at, so Xiao Yan decided to use this favour and invite Lin Tianhu here.
Shortly after the call was made, only a rumbling sound was heard, followed by a messy sound of footsteps, many people looked out through the window and one by one they were instantly dumbfounded.
They saw people dressed in black suits and holding machetes, directly surrounding the entire Regal Hotel, numbering hundreds of people, each with a murderous aura!
Seeing this scene, Su Wenzong’s heart was somewhat in a state of disbelief, it seemed that Chen Ping would not be able to escape today!
Creak …………
The door of the banquet hall was pushed open, first rushing in were more than twenty men in suits who were one meter nine tall, sturdy and cold-faced, twenty men standing in two rows, with their chests raised, lined up in a row!
“Greetings to Master Tiger …………”
The twenty men in suits shouted in unison, the shouting shook the lights on the roof.
“What a big show!”
“Worthy of being Master Tiger!”
“Shut up all, be careful of your little life ……”
The crowd whispered, but soon they all shut their mouths!
All eyes looked in the direction of the doorway, and then a middle-aged man, nearly fifty years old, wearing a well-fitting suit with leather shoes on his feet, walked in!
A pair of leather shoes were so shiny and oily that they could reflect a person’s shadow, this man was the underground emperor of Hongcheng, Lin Tianhu, the head of the Gathering Hall of Justice!
“Master Tiger ……”
Xiao Yan hurriedly stepped forward and shouted with a respectful face!
“I am busy, who are you going to kill?”
Lin Tianhu asked in a straightforward manner.
Xiao Yan pointed at Chen Ping and said, “That’s him!”
Lin Tianhu swept his gaze over Chen Ping, who was dressed in an ordinary outfit and looked physically somewhat thin, there was nothing special about him, so he wondered why Xiao Yan was killing him!
Lin Tianhu walked towards Chen Ping, Su Wenzong and Su Yuqi blocked in front of Chen Ping, looking at Lin Tianhu who walked over, both of their bodies all trembled.
“Get lost ……”
Lin Tianhu said with a frown when he saw Su’s father and daughter blocking in front of him!
With just these two words, Lin Tianhu’s body emitted a monstrous momentum, and the two people, Su Wenzong and Su Yuqi, were instantly unable to catch their breath from this aura.
Seeing this, Chen Ping directly put his hands on Su Wenzong’s father and daughter’s shoulders, “Mr. Su, Miss Su, you guys should stand down, I’ll handle my own matters!”
Chen Ping pushed Su Wenzong’s father and daughter aside and stepped forward to face Lin Tianhu directly!