Chen Ping, on the other hand, had the corners of his mouth slightly raised as he gently flipped his palm, a ball of Supreme Flame igniting in his palm, followed by a casual wave of his hand!
The flames that roamed the sky directly blocked those Blood and Bone Sect disciples, and there were also Blood and Bone Sect disciples who were stained with the Supreme Flame and were burned to the point of wailing!
Looking at the roiling Supreme Flame, they had to retreat backwards once again!
“Kid, who the hell are you?”
Looking at the roiling fire, Di Chong Jing asked Chen Ping!
Because he knew that no one from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had mastered this kind of Supreme Flame, and for Chen Ping to cast the Supreme Flame so easily, then he definitely would not be someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
As for the token in Chen Ping’s hand, maybe it was still stolen!
“I am your father ……”
Chen Ping smiled playfully towards Di Chong Jing and said!
“Kid, you seek death ……”
Di Chongjing was furious, his own age, but by Chen Ping a brat so say, where can stand!
Only to see Di Chong Jing’s palms swung violently, a red blood mist wrapped towards Chen Ping!
The blood mist filled the air, the entire heaven and earth turned red, in this red, whether it was vision or divine sense was affected.
Without being able to see, and without being able to sense each other, Chen Ping had become blind with his eyes open!
Di Chongjing smiled coldly as Chen Ping and the others were wrapped in the blood mist, becoming lambs to the slaughter!
But Di Chongjing didn’t realise that Chen Ping’s forehead had started to flicker with light, and an eye had opened on Chen Ping’s forehead.
Chen Ping had opened the Heavenly Underworld Eye, so even when he was wrapped in this blood mist, he could still clearly see what was going on around him!
Di Chongjing did not realise that Chen Ping was able to see, but instead, he strutted towards Chen Ping, intending to teach Chen Ping a good lesson!
However, Di Chongjing had just walked towards Chen Ping and before he could do anything, there was a sudden loud bang!
Snap!
Immediately after, a whip viciously lashed at Di Chongjing’s body!
Di Chongjing was stunned, and then she rushed into a splitting headache, and it was as if there were thousands of ants gnawing away in her sea of consciousness!
Di Chongjing desperately retreated, then flopped to the ground, rolling continuously.
This pain of having his sea of consciousness attacked was too much for him.
As Di Chongjing rolled on the ground, the blood mist slowly dissipated.
Ochre Yan as well as Patriarch Jiang and the rest of them were also confused when they saw Di Chongjing rolling on the ground, seemingly in great pain.
There was a mist of blood just now and they didn’t realise what had happened.
“You …… you even have a Demon Drawing Whip ……”
Di Chongjing was helped up by her disciples, then looked at Chen Ping with horror in her eyes and said.
“You’re quite knowledgeable, this devil drawing whip is specially designed to deal with devil cultivators like you.”
“Does this taste good, do you want to try it again!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile as he held the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand.
Di Chong Jing didn’t say anything, but through his expression he was able to see out that he simply didn’t want to take such a hit anymore!
“Kid, don’t be wild, I am a Mahayana realm expert, if I am subdued by your mere seventh grade minor cultivator of the Transition realm, then I don’t have to live.”
After Di Chongjing finished speaking, he only saw his palm flip over, and a bone flute that was milky white in colour and emitted light appeared in his hand!
This bone flute was obviously made from immortal bones, its body was white and smooth, more than half a metre long, and it looked like a human calf bone.
Moreover, on top of this bone flute, there seemed to be blood flowing, and there was a constant red glow that flickered!
“Since you want to die, then I will fulfil you ……”
Di Chongjing held the bone flute, and within her eyes, killing intent surged!
Along with Di Chongjing placing the bone flute to her mouth and blowing, a whimpering sound emanated from within that bone flute!
The sound was low, like the low roar of the hungry ghosts from hell, and after hearing it, people could not help but let their hairs explode, and their hearts and minds were tightened!
Soon, along with the sound of the bone flute continuously ringing, some of the disciples of the Soul Demon Sect began to become manic, and their eyes were also covered with blood!