Although he can also hire formation masters from the Two Yi Sect, but after all, they are hired, and some of the sect’s confidential matters, Huo Yuan Ting can’t possibly hand them over to Gu Tianzhao!
Like the formations for the clan’s examinations, they were all maintained and run by Elder Cui, they couldn’t be left to outsiders!
“Sect Master Huo, since you’ve got the Divine Flame Seal and recognised the master, then you’re the Sect Master of the Violet Flame Sect, of course I can’t possibly go against you!”
“It’s just that I don’t want the Violet Flame Sect to lose both of them, and even more so, I don’t want any outsiders to get involved in our Violet Flame Sect’s internal matters.”
Elder Cui said with a righteous face!
Huo Yuan Ting frowned slightly and looked at Gu Tian Chao, after all, he was able to get the Divine Flame Seal thanks to Gu Tian Chao!
Moreover, he would have to follow the Two Yi Sect in the future, so it was inappropriate to drive Gu Tianzhao away now!
If they really fought, Gu Tianzhao’s formations could be very useful!
Gu Tianzhao saw that Huo Yuanting was in a difficult position, so he smiled coldly and said, “Sect Master Huo, I’ve heard that your Purple Flame Sect’s Elder Cui’s formations are very powerful, I’ll get a lesson from you. ……”
After Gu Tianzhao finished speaking, he formed a seal with both palms and a strange formation pattern appeared in mid-air, these formation patterns emitted a blood-red glow and carried a strong smell of blood!
The formation patterns descended from the sky and shrouded towards Elder Cui, at the same time, from within that formation pattern, an incomparably fierce ghost, as if it had appeared from hell, with a mournful hiss, surrounded Elder Cui!
“Ten thousand ghosts are coming?”
Elder Cui’s face changed drastically, desperately casting spells to resist, but it was obvious that Elder Cui was no match for this Gu Tianzhao!
The crowd of Old Sect Masters who saw this scene all changed their faces drastically, their expressions becoming tense!
Huo Yuan Ting, on the other hand, laughed coldly when he saw this!
In the entire Purple Flame Sect, there was no one who could stop him anymore, he could do whatever he wanted!
“Elder Cui ……”
Elder Yu and the others saw that Elder Cui was surrounded by ten thousand ghosts, but they couldn’t do anything about it, so they could only shout desperately!
Even the old Sect Master could only watch helplessly, unable to do anything!
“A mere brat, how dare you disgrace yourself ……”
Suddenly, a gust of wind swept by, followed by a figure appearing.
Accompanied by ten thousand rays of golden light scattering all over the sky, the hideous stern ghosts, under this golden light, instantly turned into gusts of black mist and disappeared without a trace!
Elder Cui’s face was pale, his forehead was filled with cold sweat, if he was a little later, he might have died here!
“Little Senior Brother ……”
“Little Senior Brother ……”
Wei Qing, Zhu Ling and the others saw that the person coming was actually Chen Ping, and each of them were suddenly excited!
When the old Sect Master saw Chen Ping, he was also slightly stunned, the strength Chen Ping had shown had shocked him!
Elder Yu looked at Chen Ping’s arrival, but an inexplicable sense of security came over him!
Huo Yuanting looked at Chen Ping with incredulity in his eyes!
He didn’t understand how this new disciple recruited by Elder Yu could have such a skill, the formation that Elder Cui couldn’t even manage to break open, Chen Ping made those ten thousand ghosts disappear without a trace with a wave of his hand!
And that Gu Tianzhao looked at Chen Ping, his brows tightly furrowed, he could clearly remember Chen Ping’s aura!
It was Chen Ping who had spoiled his good deed when he was in the Wantong Pavilion!
“Senior sister, are you guys alright?”
Chen Ping walked to Zhu Ling and asked with concern!
“It’s fine, we’re fine, where have you been, senior brother? Where are the people from that Ghost Face Sect?”
Zhu Ling asked curiously!
Chen Ping had blocked so many Ghost Face Sect’s people alone, in their opinion, Chen Ping should have died for sure!
But now Chen Ping had returned, and it seemed like he was not injured at all!
“All killed ……,” Chen Ping said indifferently!
“What?”
Everyone was shocked!
Chen Ping, a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Ferrying Realm, even if he was able to cross over, he was facing dozens of Ghost Face Sect people and that Elder Tu of the Mahayana Realm all by himself!
How could he possibly kill those Ghostface Sect people?
This was clearly just impossible!