Fancheng, Sheng Family!
Sheng Jiahui followed Long Bo and led the Sheng family members and began to set up spell formations over and over again around the entire Sheng family!
To prevent a sudden attack from the Ye family!
Chen Ping wasn’t idle either, he asked Ji Yun to inform Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man!
Now that the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was strong, he could also help Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, please go and take a look, Second Uncle, he might not make it!”
Sheng Jiahui suddenly ran and said to Chen Ping!
“What’s going on?”Chen Ping asked!
“I’m not sure, the people guarding Second Uncle, found that Second Uncle was suddenly foaming at the mouth with a very painful expression.”
“If he dies, then my father and brother will not know where they are being held.”
Sheng Jiahui said anxiously!
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately smiled, “It’s fine, he can’t die, I just secretly gave him some medicine to give him a taste of bitterness, otherwise he would not have been able to painfully tell the whereabouts of the Sheng Family Lord.”
It turned out that while imprisoning that Sheng Tiantai, Chen Ping had drugged that Sheng Tiantai, as long as that Sheng Tiantai was scared and couldn’t bear it, he would speak!
Chen Ping followed Sheng Jiahui to the place where Sheng Tiantai was being held!
At this time, Sheng Tiantai was screaming in pain, his forehead was covered in cold sweat, the whole person was simply in pain!
“Kill me, kill me, please kill me quickly ……”
Sheng Tiantai rolled in pain, begging others to kill him!
His legs were now broken and he was suffering from severe poison, so he simply didn’t have the ability to free himself anymore!
“Do you want to die so badly?”At this time, Chen Ping walked in, looking at the agonising Sheng Tiantai, a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth, “I’m doing this in my own way, just now when you poisoned us, you didn’t think of your own consequences, did you?”
“It was you?What exactly did you poison me with?Kill me, quickly kill me ……”
Sheng Tiantai stared angrily at Chen Ping, itching to kill him with just his eyes!
“I am not going to let you die, you haven’t told me where Sheng Family Master and the others are being held, I will let you experience a feeling worse than death every day until you obediently tell me.”
Chen Ping said with a playful face!
Sheng Tiantai was trembling, his entire body had reached the brink of collapse!
“Jiahui, please, please, kill second uncle, help second uncle ……”
Sheng Tian Tai didn’t want to be tortured like this all the time!
Sheng Jiahui couldn’t bear to look at it and didn’t even look at that Sheng Tiantai!
Sheng Tiantai saw the situation and could only say breathlessly, “Okay, I say, I’ll take you guys to the place where big brother is being held.”
“You have to stop my pain right now immediately ……”
Sheng Tian Tai compromised!
“No problem ……”
Chen Ping pulled out a pill and had Sheng Tiantai swallow it!
After swallowing it, Sheng Tiantai’s body was immediately relieved!
Wiping the cold sweat from his forehead, Sheng Tiantai slowly climbed up!
“I’m telling you, this is just to give you relief, don’t think of playing tricks, the poison in your body is something only I can cure.”
Chen Ping barked at Sheng Tiantai!
“I understand!”
Sheng Tiantai also knew how powerful Chen Ping was at this moment!
Walking out from the place where he was being held, Sheng Tiantai led Chen Ping and Sheng Jiahui towards a house in the deepest part of the Sheng Family!
“Second Uncle, isn’t that the Sheng Family’s ancestral house?Could it be that you have locked up my father followed by my brother in the ancestral house?”
Sheng Jiahui asked with some surprise!
“Of course not, in that ancestral house are all my Sheng family ancestors, how could they just enter.”
Sheng Tian Tai shook his head!
After the three of them walked to the house, Sheng Tian Tai turned a stone lion in front of the house!
As the stone lion turned, suddenly a circle of light slowly emerged from the ground!
“A teleportation array?Your Sheng Family has even laid down a teleportation array?”
When Chen Ping saw the halo that emerged, he immediately recognised that it was a teleportation array.