Especially with the surrounding Flame Qi, what Chen Ping felt was not scorching heat, but a very comfortable feeling!
Chen Ping’s body was radiating light at this time, and surrounded by red-coloured flames, the entire person was like an immortal descending from the earth!
And Chen Ping truly understood the true meaning of the True Fire Dharma Body!
The True Fire Dharma Body, to put it bluntly, was a Dharma Body that had grown up using the Supreme Fire, and this Dharma Body possessed absolute immunity to any flame!
Therefore, when the Dharma Body fused with Chen Ping, Elder Tu’s Supreme Flame attack would be like scratching an itch for Chen Ping!
“I don’t know if this True Flame Dharma Body has any weaknesses, and since the True Flame Dharma Body has not reached great completion right now, I don’t know what intensity of Supreme Flame it can withstand.”
“But since there is a True Fire Dharma Body within the Violet Flame Sect, then do other Kung Fu Sects also have Dharma Bodies of other Kung Fu?”
Chen Ping guessed wildly amidst his extreme shock!
He still knew too little about True Fire Dharma Bodies!
“What kind of gongfa is this ……?”
Elder Tu saw Chen Ping in that state, not even afraid of his own Supreme Fire attack!
At this moment, Elder Tu’s face was dumbfounded and his head was even more filled with question marks.
He really couldn’t figure out how this Chen Ping, who was at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, was able to come up with some means every now and then!
He had never even seen any of these tactics before, and even more so, he did not understand them!
Originally, he thought that Chen Ping was a turtle in a jar, and would surely die, but what was wrong with this?
Especially that red-coloured flame around Chen Ping’s body, it seemed to be much stronger than this Supreme Fire of his!
“I am a cultivator of the Mahayana realm, would I be afraid of you, a tiny fourth ranked cultivator of the Transition realm.”
“No matter what heavenly means you have, but everything is futile in front of the realm divide, I don’t believe you can defeat me.”
Elder Tu simply did not believe that Chen Ping had the possibility of defeating himself!
Although Chen Ping’s performance was surprising, the realm was here!
This kind of large realm span could not be compensated by one or two feats!
Elder Tu roared angrily as his two palms intersected, while dozens of ghost faces on his body opened their mouths at the same time, and a black spirit light continued to gush out, heading towards Chen Ping at the same time!
While Chen Ping was looking at Elder Tu at this moment, he did not have the panic that he had just felt!
At this moment, after fusing the True Flame Dharma Body, it was as if he was like a fish out of water in this flame vortex!
It was as if this body was made for the flames, and only in a place like this could one feel comfortable and exert maximum strength!
Chen Ping felt as if he was the master of this magma river!
Just as that attack immediately arrived in front of Chen Ping, Chen Ping, who was originally moving slowly, suddenly disappeared!
Elder Tu was startled and hurriedly looked around!
“I’m here ……”
Chen Ping’s voice unexpectedly emanated from behind that Elder Tu!
Elder Tu’s body trembled, and when he saw Chen Ping appear behind him, his entire body was in disbelief!
One had to know that in this flame vortex, it was difficult to move normally, let alone move so swiftly as Chen Ping!
This chance was impossible, the flame vortex had long ago distorted the void, and even more so, it had a huge suction force that made movement hindered!
But how could Chen Ping ignore all this?
“How in the world did you …… you do that?”
Elder Tu’s pupils shrunk as he asked incredulously!
“My strength is far more powerful than what you can see, do you think that the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings are that easy to take?”
“How many cultivators in the Celestial Realm have been eyeing me, but none of them have been able to get their hands on me, you don’t think it’s because I’m lucky, do you?”
“All those who tried to kill me have now gone up in smoke, and you are no exception!”
Chen Ping coldly looked at Elder Tu, his palm slowly raised, a crimson flame pulsed on Chen Ping’s palm!