“Long Xiao, be quiet, you don’t have no chance at all, just …… just ……”
Venerable Ting Hsuan wanted to say something but then stopped.
“Master, do you have any ideas? You say it, you say it ……”
Long Xiao’s eyes seemed to see hope.
“For you to recover now, you must have the evil spirit enter your body and let the evil spirit recover your body to do so ……”
Venerable Ding Huan said after gritting his teeth.
When Long Xiao heard this, he instantly fell into confusion, he didn’t understand what an evil spirit entering the body was, nor did he understand what Venerable Ding Huan was talking about.
“Master, what do you mean by that? As long as I can recover, anything will do ……”
Long Xiao now only wanted to recover his body to take revenge, regardless of what evil spirits or not.
“Long Xiao, you should think carefully, when the evil spirit enters your body, your whole person will be inhuman and ghostly, and it may even devour your soul ……”
Venerable Ding Huan followed Long Xiao and talked about the dangers of evil spirits entering the body.
“Master, any kind is fine, it’s better than lying in bed for the rest of my life, I’m willing ……”
Long Xiao shouted desperately.
Venerable Ding Huan pondered for a moment and said with a fierce clench of his teeth, “Good, I will fulfill you ……”
Saying this, Venerable Ding Huan walked out of the room, but soon returned.
This time, however, he held a wooden fish in his hand, and the delicate wooden fish was covered with dust.
Venerable Ding Huan gently wiped away the dust and fixed his eyes on the wooden fish in his hand, “I hope my decision will not be wrong ……”
After Venerable Ding Huan finished speaking, he only saw his mouth recite the words, and a golden light shone out from the wooden fish.
When Long Xiao saw this, his eyes widened.
Instantly, a black mist emanated from within the wooden fish, and immediately afterwards the whole room was as cold as winter inside!
All that could be seen was a black shadow suspended in mid-air fluttering about!
“Hahahaha …… I’m finally free ……”
The black shadow laughed crazily.
Long Xiao was all a bit dumbfounded when he saw this scene.
“I’ll let you out and hope that you can restore my disciple’s body ……”
At this moment, Venerable Ding Huan said indifferently.
He didn’t seem surprised at all, he should have known that there was a black shadow in this wooden fish!
That black shadow glanced at Venerable Ding Huan and then looked at Long Xiao who was lying on the bed.
“A good seedling with talent, this body is just what I want ……”
After saying that, he only saw the black shadow instantly burrowing into Long Xiao’s body.
Long Xiao’s eyes were wide open and his face was full of horror, he only felt a dizzy spell, followed by the voices of other people that seemed to appear in his head.
“Don’t resist, or else the old man will hurt your divine sense, and this body of yours will be useless ……”
In his mind, the black shadow barked at Long Xiao.
At this moment, Venerable Ding Huan also hurriedly said, “Long Xiao, since it is your own choice, you have to accept it, don’t be afraid, and don’t resist ……”
Slowly, Long Xiao settled down, and immediately afterwards a stream of black fog wrapped Long Xiao’s body in it.
A moment later, the black mist dissipated and Long Xiao’s body became shiny and his entire muscles became very tight.
Long Xiao looked at himself in surprise and fiercely stood up from the bed, a lurid glint in his eyes.
“Hahahaha …… hahahaha, I’ve really recovered!”
“I will make that Chen Ping’s life worse than death ……”
Long Xiao laughed out loud in a maniacal manner.
“Long Xiao, your current strength still needs more practice, otherwise you are not a match for that Chen Ping ……”
Venerable Ding Huan said persuasively to Long Xiao.
“Is that so?” Long Xiao suddenly looked at Venerable Ding Huan sorrowfully, a very strange smile on his face.
Venerable Ding Huan frowned, and a bad feeling rose in his heart.
But just as Venerable Ding Huan was about to retreat, Long Xiao suddenly struck out and slapped Venerable Ding Huan on the head.
In an instant, the power in Venerable Ding Xuan’s body began to be absorbed by Long Xiao in a frenzy.