Right now, Fire Phoenix did not know that Qi Peijia was the one who was looking for Chen Ping to kill him at this moment!
“Alright, your revenge is avenged, now come with me to find someone!”
Qi Peijia said!
“Who is master looking for?” Fire Phoenix asked!
“Looking for a guy named Chen Ping!” Qi Peijia said!
“Chen Ping?” Fire Phoenix froze!
“What? You recognise it?”
Qi Peijia looked at Fire Phoenix’s expression and frowned!
“No, no, no, don’t recognise, I’m just curious, what is master looking for this Chen Ping for?”
Fire Phoenix asked curiously!
“Kill him ……”
When Qi Pei A said kill Chen Ping, his body unexpectedly could not stop trembling a little!
It seemed that this Qi Peijia was physically excited at the thought of killing Chen Ping!
Seeing this, the Fire Phoenix was secretly afraid in her heart, fortunately, she had lured this Qi Peijia away, otherwise Chen Ping would be in danger!
“Master, I …… still have my revenge to report, can you help me in?”
At this time, Fire Phoenix had to delay Qi Peijia as much as possible, he could not let Qi Peijia find Chen Ping!
Qi Peijia glanced at Fire Phoenix “Let’s go ……”
The fire phoenix continued to fly with Qi Peijia, but this time, the fire phoenix was a bit embarrassed, not knowing what to look for!
Soon, the fire phoenix brought Qi Peijia surprisingly to the location of the immortal mine!
At this time the Lion King, Leopard Emperor, Thousand-faced Demon King, and Monkey King were all down there, and these guys were still rummaging through the storage bags of those dead people!
Seeing these few fellows, the fire phoenix was immediately on a plan!
“Master, the ones who bullied me are down there, there is an immortal mine down there, they took it away.”
The fire phoenix hurriedly pointed!
“Immortal mine?” Qi Peijia’s eyes lit up, then followed the fire phoenix and rushed down!
The Lion King and the others also noticed Qi Peijia following the Fire Phoenix, only that they didn’t recognise the Fire Phoenix.
After all, the current Fire Phoenix’s aura strength was too low, following the Fire Phoenix they knew was simply a world away!
Instead, it was Qi Peijia’s aura of the eighth level of the Transition Realm that made several people alert!
Qi Peijia swept a glance at the dead bodies on the ground, and looked at the Lion King and their rummage storage bag, can not help but cold snort “Hmph, the things here are my, you can roll ……”
Qi Peijia’s sentence froze the Lion King and the others!
How to say that they are also a dignified figure in the beast clan, and also the demon king among the three kings and four kings, now they were even reprimanded by Qi Peijia like this?
“What the f*ck are you, daring to talk about us like that, do you know who we are?”
The Lion King roared!
“Are you kid looking for death?” The Leopard King also had a cold light flashing in his eyes!
The Monkey King raised his head at this moment and suddenly saw Fire Phoenix following Qi Peijia, he was about to open his mouth but was stopped by a look from Fire Phoenix!
“This fellow Taoist, the things of the Divine and Demonic Battlefield are inherently ownerless, how can you say they are yours?”
“And there’s always a first come, first served, right?”
The Thousand-faced Demon King asked politely to Qi Peijia!
And while the Thousand Faces Demon King was speaking, the aura on his body was rising, the peak of the seventh grade of the Transition Realm, straight towards the eighth grade of the Transition Realm!
The Lion King, the Leopard Emperor, and the Monkey King also exuded aura from their bodies, enveloping towards Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia was slightly stunned, he didn’t expect these few people to be not weak!
Although he was at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, but if he had to deal with these four people at the same time, it was not certain who would lose or win!
“Originally, I discovered this place first, but since you guys found this place, let it be yours ……”
Qi Peijia did not intend to follow the Lion King and the others to start a conflict, he wanted to save his energy to kill Chen Ping!
“Then thank you very much!” The Thousand-faced Demon King arched his hand and collected his breath!
Qi Peijia also turned around and left, which made the Fire Phoenix anxious!
“Master, aren’t you going to avenge me?”
Fire Phoenix asked in disbelief!