Only the Lion King’s eyes were full of unwillingness to part with it, looking blankly at the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand!
But now that they were all unwanted, he himself was afraid that he would not be able to get the Divine King Bow at all!
“Lion Head, I see that you are still a bit unconvinced and still want to fight with my master, right?”
Fire Phoenix frowned and looked towards that Lion King and asked!
“No, no, no, I don’t want the Divine King’s Bow either, back then, if it wasn’t for you, I’m afraid I would have died at the mouth of the old Lion King, where would I be today.”
The Lion King hurriedly shook his head and said!
“Auntie, in fact, we just saved your master, it was that guy who wanted to kill him, and we helped your master block it.”
The Monkey King said as he pointed at that Qipaijia!
“Right, right, right, it was this guy who was trying to kill your master, and we stepped in to help!”
The Leopard King also rushed to say!
Actually, if they didn’t say anything, Fire Phoenix also knew that Qi Peijia wanted to kill Chen Ping!
Now that the Lion King and several others were there, Fire Phoenix was not afraid of this Qi Peijia, so she snorted coldly and said “Want to kill my master, I think you are tired of living ……”
“Give me …………”
The words of the fire phoenix had not finished, only to see Qi Peijia double palms swing, a black fog instantly wrapped the whole body!
When the black mist dispersed, Qi Peijia’s figure had long disappeared!
Facing five seventh grade cultivators of the Transition Realm, in addition to Chen Ping, even if Qi Peijia was a fool, he would not make a move on Chen Ping!
“Damn, count on you to run fast ……”
Fire Phoenix cursed!
“Auntie, we still have to look elsewhere to see if there are any treasures, let’s go first ……”
The Monkey King followed the Fire Phoenix’s words and directly turned around and ran away!
Seeing this, the others also all ran away, fearing that in a moment, the Fire Phoenix would get angry and give them two big slaps!
After the Lion King and the others left, Chen Ping and the others didn’t dare to stay too long and quickly left as well!
They were afraid that Qi Peijia was chasing them back!
But right after Chen Ping and the others left, two figures emerged!
“Old Ancestor, what are we going to do?”
Ning Caichen asked to Ning Zhi!
Their Ning Family had come with quite a few people, and now they were the only two left, and they hadn’t found any treasures yet!
This was really a loss of troops, and they hadn’t managed to get anything!
It was so hard to get an Immortal Law, but Chen Ping asked for it back!
“Let’s go, let’s go after Qi Peijia, I’m bullish on this guy …….”
Ning Zhi was going after Qi Peijia!
“Old Ancestor, he’s a demonic cultivator, let’s ……”
Ning Caichen wanted to say something, but before he could finish, he felt Ning Zhi’s icy gaze and swallowed his words back!
Ning Zhi brought Ning Caichen to Qi Peijia!
Now that Chen Ping didn’t trust their Ning family anymore, and Chen Ping seemed to have doubts about his identity, so Ning Zhi wasn’t in a good position to get close to Chen Ping, and could only think of a way to contact other people!
Qi Peijia was now the best partner Ning Zhi had found, after all, Qi Peijia was a casual cultivator, even if Qi Peijia was powerful, he still wanted to have his own forces!
In addition, Qi Peijia used to be in a very low realm and was often bullied, only to suddenly get the opportunity to let his strength soar, this kind of person, although highly powerful, didn’t have much of a brain and was easy to cheat!
And the main point is that Qi Peijia has a grudge against Chen Ping and has always wanted to kill him!
This was the point that Ning Zhi valued the most, and Ning Zhi’s greatest wish right now was also to kill Chen Ping!
However, Ning Zhi’s current strength was not enough to kill Chen Ping, even if the entire Ning family’s power, it couldn’t do it, after all, the Ning family’s power was too small!
And now Chen Ping had quite a few helpers by his side, especially that Fire Phoenix, the realm was not high but his connections in the Celestial Realm were very wide!
People from the Three Emperors and Four Kings were being called around, which made it even more necessary for Ning Zhi to use the power of others!
It was only that the Ning family had no popularity at all in the Southern Domain, so it was almost impossible to borrow the power of a large family clan, so he could only look for a casual cultivator like Qi Peijia!