“Good, then we’ll go to Boulder Village, I’ll see what kind of a god this kid is ……”
Wu Feiyu’s eyes were slightly frozen with a strong killing intent in his eyes!
At this moment, Chen Ping did not know that Wu Fei Yu and Zhang Bei had already set their eyes on Bashi Village, and after he led Ah Li and the others out of that scorched area, he was going to take a detour to return to Bashi Village!
But just as Chen Ping was leading Ah Li and the others on their way, two figures suddenly blocked their path!
Seeing someone blocking their way, Ah Li and the others all tensed up, while Chen Ping looked at the person in front of him and frowned slightly “Lang Feng?”
The one blocking Chen Ping’s way was the wolf king Lang Feng, who had already taken human form, and beside him was a girl with clear eyes!
“To be able to escape from Wu Feiyu’s hands and pick the Immortal Crane Grass, you are really something!”
Lang Feng looked at Chen Ping and said with slight admiration!
“What are you stopping us for?”
Chen Ping asked warily at that Lang Feng!
As a wolf king who had already taken human form, this Lang Feng was definitely stronger than that Ning Can and Wu Feiyu!
Chen Ping had not recovered his strength now, so there was no way to find out Lang Feng’s true strength.
“Don’t be nervous, I’m not interested in the Immortal Crane Grass you’re holding, it’s just that our princess is interested in you and wants to talk to you!”
Lang Feng smiled faintly when he saw Chen Ping’s nervous look!
“Princess?” Chen Ping looked at the girl beside Lang Feng in surprise, he didn’t expect that this girl was also a demon beast illusion, but Chen Ping didn’t feel the slightest bit of beast aura from the girl’s body!
“Not bad, this is our Princess Isha, she is very interested in the divine beast aura on you!”
Lang Feng said with a nod!
“I don’t have time now, I have to hurry, or I won’t be able to walk this mountain range today!”
Chen Ping did not want to follow Princess Isha’s conversation.
After all, Chen Ping knew nothing about the identities of Lang Feng and this so-called Princess Isha, and there was no way he could trust them!
“If we don’t let the way through, are you absolutely sure you can get out of here?”
Princess Isha said with a faint smile!
When Chen Ping heard Princess Isha’s words, his entire body fell into silence!
Let’s not mention what realm strength Princess Isha was, just one Lang Feng alone, Chen Ping and the few of them were no match!
“What do you want to talk about? Hurry up and ask, we’re in a hurry to get going!”
Chen Ping said to that Princess Isha!
But Princess Isha didn’t answer Chen Ping, instead she looked at Lang Feng and said “Lang Feng, you send the others out of the mountain range, as for this man, I want to stay and have a good chat!”
“As you wish ……”
Lang Feng nodded respectfully and said!
“No, Brother Chen Ping has to come with us, we will never leave Brother Chen Ping behind by himself.”
When Yun’er saw that the other party wanted to leave Chen Ping alone by himself, she immediately said loudly!
“Right, we can’t leave Brother Chen Ping alone!”
Pillar shouted back, they were going in with Chen Ping!
Hearing Yun’er and Pillar’s loud yelling, Lang Feng’s face turned cold and he was about to open his mouth to reprimand them, but Princess Isha gently raised her hand to stop them!
Then Princess Isha looked at Yun’er and Pillar with a smile on her face and said in a light tone, “You two little brats, do you think you have the right to speak here?”
“I won’t hurt your brother Chen Ping, be good and go home, it won’t take long for your brother Chen Ping to go back too!”
Yun’er and Zhuzi, however, did not relent, they did not want Chen Ping to be left alone and were about to open their mouths to retort to Princess Isha, but they were stopped by Chen Ping.
“Yun’er, Pillar, you guys go back, I’ll be fine!”
Chen Ping said, then looked at Ah Li and said “Ah Li, you have to keep them both safe!”
“Don’t worry, I’ll keep an eye on the two of them!”
Ah Li nodded his head!