The dark brown flames transformed into a fire dragon that wrapped Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, however, did not dodge and allowed these fire dragons to encircle him!
Chen Ping was going to try and absorb and refine that mauve coloured Supreme Flame from within this flame!
Since this Liu Sh*tong’s Supreme Flame was not a true fusion, then Chen Ping would have the opportunity to absorb and refine it from it!
If Chen Ping were to defeat Liu Sh*tong right now and directly absorb and refine that lavender-coloured Supreme Flame from within his body, he would definitely be discovered and suspected!
Right now, Chen Ping could only take the risk of separating that mauve-coloured Supreme Flame from this fused flame!
Fortunately, Chen Ping had already refined the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame, so the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame could be distinguished from the flames, and the rest was the lavender Supreme Flame!
However, Chen Ping did not know that this mauve-coloured supreme flame was also of the Purple Flame Sect, but it was a top secret supreme flame of the Purple Flame Sect, so even the deacon disciples of the Purple Flame Sect did not know about it, so how could Chen Ping know about it!
Chen Ping’s Undying Golden Body activated, because it was surrounded by flames, there was no discovery of Chen Ping’s Undying Golden Body, otherwise Chen Ping’s identity would have probably been exposed!
After all, in the entire Celestial Realm, Chen Ping was the only one who was able to perform the Unbreakable Golden Body, covered in golden scales!
‘Senior Brother!’
‘Junior Brother ……’
Seeing Chen Ping not dodging and being wrapped in that Supreme Fire, Wei Qing and Qian Xiu all shouted in alarm!
They didn’t understand why Chen Ping didn’t dodge, could it be that he couldn’t dodge?
In fact, even Liu Sh*tong himself was a bit surprised, he didn’t expect to take control of Chen Ping as soon as he struck, the flame wrapped around Chen Ping!
Although Liu Sh*tong also did not know, why Chen Ping did not dodge, or simply could not dodge!
But now that Chen Ping was wrapped in that to fire, he definitely would not survive!
Liu Sh*tong’s face was filled with a cold smile as a ball of flame was still shooting out from within that Black Demon Lotus!
Chen Ping’s expression remained relaxed as he was wrapped in the flames!
With the Unbreakable Golden Body protecting his body, coupled with the Extreme Cold Ice Flame running, Chen Ping could not feel the slightest bit of heat!
Looking at the flames rising around his body, Chen Ping only saw the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame jumping, and then began to use the principle of attraction of the same kind of Supreme Flame to slowly separate the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame from the flames!
Soon, in front of Chen Ping, a lavender flame jumped up, in which the Purple Flame Sect’s flame had already been attracted out!
Without hesitation, Chen Ping opened his mouth and sucked in the lavender flame!
Only this Supreme Flame was too small to be refined, so Chen Ping continued to start separating the two types of Supreme Flames and absorbed them again!
Just as Chen Ping was separating the Supreme Flames and absorbing them, the flames around Chen Ping’s body unexpectedly began to weaken!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly put away his Undying Golden Body and then pretended to be in pain as he struggled in the flames!
If that Liu Sh*tong saw that Chen Ping was unharmed, he was afraid that he would not continue to use the Fusion Supreme Flame!
The flames slowly went out!
Chen Ping was slightly in a sorry state, his entire body half-kneeling on the ground unsupported!
His body was still trembling, ‘What a powerful Supreme Flame, I didn’t expect you to fuse the Supreme Flames.’
‘If it burns on, I’m going to turn into ashes!’
Originally, when Liu Sh*tong saw that Chen Ping was actually still alive, his entire body was stunned, but when he heard Chen Ping’s words, Liu Sh*tong laughed and said, ‘Kid, it’s too late for you to know how powerful I am ……’
Saying that, Liu Sh*tong was about to cast to fire again!
‘Stop, admit defeat, we admit defeat ……’
‘Referee Elder, we admit defeat, this is just an assessment match, not a life and death fight, we can’t let Liu Sh*tong lay down a killer!’
Seeing this, Wei Qing and Qian Xiu hurriedly yelled!
They conceded defeat, not allowing Chen Ping to continue fighting, in this situation, if they continued to fight, they would really be dusted off!
‘Hmph, it’s not like you guys are competing, there’s no point in you admitting defeat!’