When Xiao Lei saw that Chen Ping was in the mood to laugh at this time, he couldn’t help but become even angrier: “Chen Ping, even if you find it, it’s useless because you’re going to die soon, these people are indeed from the Red Dragon Gang, they all kill without blinking an eye, do you think you have a chance to live today?”
Xiao Lei’s face was full of gloom, and his eyes had a malicious look in them.
“I think I should still be able to live well today!” The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted before he looked at the dozens of Red Dragon Gang members and said, “Didn’t Liao Fei Xiong inform you that you couldn’t mess with me?”
Chen Ping’s words directly caused the dozens of members of that Red Dragon Gang to stop in place and look Chen Ping up and down!
“Kid, who are you and how do you know Brother Xiong’s name?”
At this moment, a middle-aged man in a long shirt asked Chen Ping!
Obviously this middle-aged man was the little head of these people from the Red Dragon Gang!
“Who I am, you are not qualified to know, before you make a move, you better call Liao Fei Xiong here ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Chen Ping, what are you pretending to be, can’t Brother Xiong be seen by you just because you want to see him?” Xiao Lei stepped forward, “None of you need to be afraid of him, this kid I understand, has no status, just a reformed laborer just released from prison!”
“Brothers now make a move to cut him down, whoever cuts him down first, I’ll give 200,000, another 10,000 for doing it ……”
Xiao Lei knew that people die for money and birds die for food, as long as they are under enough benefits, people will lose their minds to fight for their lives!
These people once heard that the first one to do the chopping can get 200,000 more, one by one, like crazy, rushed towards Chen Ping, all want to chop this first chop!
Although Xiao Lei had given the Red Dragon Gang a lot of money, it was extremely limited when it came to their hands.
When Chen Ping looked at these people looking for death, he let out a cold laugh, then he raised his hand and directly grabbed a machete, without even seeing how Chen Ping did it, only to see the four-finger wide machete, directly popped into two pieces!
The first member of the Red Dragon Gang was dumbfounded, looking at the machete that was only half left in his hand, his eyes filled with horror!
The others were also stunned, they couldn’t imagine that Chen Ping could catch the machete with his empty hand and even break it into two pieces, while Chen Ping’s hand wasn’t hurt at all!
“How is that possible?” Xiao Lei’s eyes were also wide with disbelief when he saw this scene.
Just as the crowd was dazed, Chen Ping flew up and kicked the Red Dragon Gang member who had rushed in first, straight away!
The Red Dragon Gang member spat blood out of his mouth, not knowing whether he would live or not!
Looking at the bloody scene in front of him, Xiao Lei’s face became very ugly, and that Geng Shanshan was so scared that she hid behind Xiao Lei!
“Don’t freeze, let’s go together, even if he can take the white blade with his empty hand, with so many people, we can still cut him into meat paste ……”
Xiao Lei roared loudly!
Those members of the Red Dragon Gang responded by raising their machetes and rushing towards Chen Ping once again!
Chen Ping’s body flashed, only to see a streak of shadow constantly wandering through the crowd, these were all members of the Red Dragon Gang, Chen Ping did not need to show mercy, in just a minute’s time, these dozens of Red Dragon Gang members all fell under Chen Ping’s feet!
They were all covered in blood, their arms or legs were broken, and they were reduced to invalids.
Chen Ping didn’t kill them, and gave these Red Dragon Gang members a chance to live.
Xiao Lei’s whole body trembled at the sight of the tragic situation in front of him, and Geng Shanshan’s face was so pale with fear that she didn’t dare to look at Chen Ping!
“With this number of people, you also want to take revenge and kill me? Do you underestimate me too much?”
Chen Ping slowly walked towards Xiao Lei!