By now the girl had already rushed to Chen Ping’s front, looking surprised in the face of such a swift counterattack.
However, the dagger in her hand did not stop, sending it to Chen Ping’s neck with deadly force.
“You’re actually immune to my charm technique, are you a man?” The girl’s face turned white with anger, and the gaze she gave Chen Ping became increasingly chilly.
“Is it strange? Don’t you know all about it?” With a dumbfounded expression, Chen Ping directly backhanded the dagger and tucked it in his hand, gently shaking it, the dagger instantly shattered into two pieces and fell to the ground.
In the very next second, the cold aura within the girl’s body instantly erupted, followed by a black aura rising up.
In almost an instant, that black aura surrounded Chen Ping.
Looking at the black qi that rose up, in thinking of the way he had just done it, Chen Ping snapped awake.
“You …… are not Wu Mei’er?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were full of surprise, because the girl in front of him looked almost identical to Wu Mei’er, and surprisingly, they both knew charm techniques.
If it wasn’t for the fact that the girl had used martial arts on Chen Ping, and also radiated poisonous qi, Chen Ping would have really taken her for Wu Mei’er, it was too similar, just too similar.
But now when Chen Ping thought about it, although the girl looked exactly like Wu Mei’er, there was more of a cold aura inside her body than Wu Mei’er.
“Who said I was some kind of Wu Mei’er, it’s you who misidentified yourself in the first place ……”
After the girl finished speaking, a fist went towards Chen Ping.
In her opinion, Chen Ping was already wrapped in poisonous gas and would soon be poisoned and delirious, so with this punch, Chen Ping would not be able to dodge at all.
But to the girl’s surprise, she only saw that Chen Ping easily dodged her attack, and even opened his mouth and sucked the poisonous gas out of him.
“What kind of person are you? Why do you look so similar to a friend of mine?”
Chen Ping did not strike back at the girl, but asked with a puzzled expression.
Although he did not know what relationship the girl had following Wu Mei’er, Chen Ping could be sure that the girl and Wu Mei’er were definitely related by blood, and it was likely that the two were twins.
Chen Ping knew that Wu Mei’er was picked up by Long Wu, so it was possible that a family had a pair of twin daughters and chose to throw one away because of the pressure.
Because the cost of raising children was getting higher and higher, it was common to throw one away because you couldn’t afford to raise them.
“I’m the one who came to get you ……”
After the girl finished speaking, she once again struck out towards Chen Ping, only to be dodged by Chen Ping each time, and after a series of dozens of moves, the girl began to pant for breath.
Chen Ping looked at the girl tired like that and spoke indifferently, “All right, that’s about it, you’re not my opponent, you can’t catch me, I just want to know what you are, you really look like a friend of mine, almost exactly the same.”
The girl looked at Chen Ping, who was standing in front of her, and said with great dissatisfaction, “Are you looking down on me?”
“If it wasn’t for the fact that you follow a friend of mine who looks exactly the same, you would have been a corpse by now, don’t think I would have pity on you, your charm technique is useless to me, you better answer my question, tell me who you are and why you want to capture me?”
Chen Ping looked at the girl coldly, his aura rising up.
Just now, Chen Ping had clearly sensed the girl’s true strength, but she was only a martial artist who had just stepped into the Grand Master, how could she possibly catch herself.
“Arrogant and C*cky!”
The girl’s gloomy face did not take Chen Ping’s words to heart at all as she suddenly leapt up, her body looking unusually bizarre in the night sky as countless cold arrows flew towards Chen Ping from above!
“Seven Stars to Take Life!”
The girl let out a furious shout, and countless flying swords fell from mid-air, directly enveloping Chen Ping’s surroundings, making Chen Ping unavoidable.