Chen Ping’s body looked so insignificant in front of this whale demon!
When Chen Wenliang and the others saw this, they were all shocked, they had never seen such a huge demonic beast before.
“Chen Ping, run …… quickly.”
“Chen, run, run quickly ……”
Seeing this, Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng hurriedly yelled at Chen Ping!
So many huge demonic beasts were simply terrifying!
Many pill masters were frightened and unconsciously retreated backwards!
Gu Tianzhao simply, on the other hand, led the disciples of the Two Yi Sect to prepare to rush over and then lay down a defence spell formation to help Chen Ping withstand the attacks of the demonic beasts.
“You guys don’t come over ……”
Chen Ping stopped Gu Tianzhao and the others, knowing that even a defensive formation could not stop such a huge demonic beast.
Chen Ping sacrificed his Dragon Slashing Sword and headed towards the ten whale demons.
When Elder Liu saw this, he laughed coldly, “Something looking for death, these whale demons are not something you can kill.”
Chen Ping took the Dragon Slashing Sword and met a Whale Demon, and his entire body was instantly swallowed into the mouth of the Whale Demon!
That whale demon’s large mouth could be more spacious than a palace.
A huge suction force continuously sucked Chen Ping into its belly.
Chen Ping did not struggle, but followed that suction and entered the whale demon’s belly!
Seeing Chen Ping being eaten by the Whale Demon, Elder Liu smiled smugly and said, “Haha, if you enter the belly of the Whale Demon, you won’t want to be alive.”
But as soon as the words left his mouth, a light suddenly shot up from the whale demon’s back!
Only Chen Ping’s body was scattered with golden light, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand resounded with a dragon’s roar!
The Whale Demon hissed and let out a miserable cry as it fell heavily into the sea, setting off monstrous waves.
A golden dragon slowly emerged behind Chen Ping’s back amidst the burst of dragon roars.
This time, the remaining whale demons, each with fear in their eyes, after letting out terrified roars, they quickly rushed into the sea, instantly without a trace!
The originally complacent Elder Liu was instantly dumbfounded after seeing this scene!
Before he could react, he only saw a golden light coming!
Elder Liu’s head was directly chopped off by Chen Ping with the Dragon Beheading Sword.
As soon as Elder Liu died, the remaining disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect were all scared out of their wits and wanted to flee.
“President Chen, don’t let these people escape, or else we’ll be in trouble if our whereabouts are leaked.”
Chen Ping hurriedly said.
“Don’t worry, not a single one can escape ……”
Chen Wenliang led his men to chase after them on their own, and in just a few minutes, they slaughtered the remaining Zhentian Dharma Sect disciples.
In this battle, many of the pill masters were also injured, and there were a few seriously injured ones.
This was still with the help of the Two Yi Sect, without the Two Yi Sect’s help, those of them were afraid that they wouldn’t be able to defeat the Zhentian Dharma Sect’s disciples.
The crowd returned to the spirit boat, at this time the spirit boat had long been tattered and torn, barely able to see that it was still a boat.
It was clearly impossible for this spirit boat to sail back to the Western Continent Continent!
“Gu Tianzhao, you bring your men to immediately set up a formation to protect this spirit boat from sinking, we now have to rely on this tattered spirit boat to find that island.”
Chen Ping commanded!
Gu Tianzhao led the people to set up the formations, while Chen Wenliang was worried, “Fellow Daoist Chen, on top of that small island, it must be the lair of that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, if we go to the small island again, won’t we be throwing ourselves into a trap?”
“We have to find the continent to repair now, and this spirit boat simply won’t be able to resist us returning to the Western Continent, so we can only take the risk of going to that island.”
“And just now we had a big battle, I think the people from the Zhentian Dharma Sect must have called for help as well, in that case there shouldn’t be too many people from the Zhentian Dharma Sect on top of that small island, as long as we are careful on the way and don’t run into the people from the Zhentian Dharma Sect again, that’s all.”
Chen Ping said!
“Listening to Fellow Daoist Chen, there is really no other way for us at the moment other than going to that island, there are still a few seriously injured people, and most of the resources on most of them have already been consumed, so they must be replenished before they can do so.”
Zhong Qi agreed with what Chen Ping said, to go to that island!