“Here you are, this is the token of my Jade Tripod Sect, this token is the only one of its kind, and those who have it can exercise the same rights as the Patriarch.”
“If you want to return to the Jade Tripod Sect, you can come back at any time, the Jade Tripod Sect welcomes you at any time and I will always be waiting for you ……”
Chen Ping took the token, as the two held hands, Liu Ruyan didn’t let go for a long time, she was feeling the temperature on Chen Ping’s hand!
At this moment, Chen Ping was also a bit distracted up, if he let a girl, wait for himself for the rest of his life, Chen Ping’s heart would feel guilty!
But now Chen Ping had too many things to do, it was impossible for him to stay in the Jade Tripod Sect for long, and it was impossible for him to give Liu Ruyan happiness!
In this Celestial Realm, Chen Ping had some difficulty in protecting himself, and if he did unite with Liu Ruyan, then Liu Ruyan would be in danger, Chen Ping could not be that selfish!
Chen Ping struggled to free himself from Liu Ruyan’s hand, and then put the exquisitely crafted token into his coat pocket!
Just as Chen Ping and Liu Ruyan had let go of their hands, the Third Elder walked in!
Seeing Liu Ruyan’s smiling face Pei red, the third elder hurriedly smiled and said “Sorry, I went to the wrong ……”
The third elder thought that Chen Ping followed Liu Ruyan in a love affair and was afraid of disturbing the two!
“Third elder, what do you want?”
Just as the Third Elder was about to go out, Liu Ruyan called out to him!
“Patriarch, I just came over to inform you that you have just taken the position of Patriarch, and that you should hold a meeting for the senior management of the Jade Tripod Sect on this first day.”
The Third Elder said!
“Oh, I know!” Liu Ruyan nodded her head!
“Mr. Chen can also participate, now Mr. Chen’s status in my Jade Tripod Sect is going to be higher than me as an elder.”
The Third Elder said as he looked towards Chen Ping!
“I won’t be participating, I’m leaving.”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
“Mr. Chen is leaving?” The Third Elder was stunned, then asked with some confusion “Why is Mr. Chen in such a hurry to leave? We still have the Hidden Medicine Pavilion to open, if Mr. Chen needs it, I can open it for you at any time.”
“No need, when there is almost, I will visit your Hidden Medicine Pavilion.”
“I have a few friends who have been scattered with me for a long time, and I haven’t heard from them at all now, I need to find them as soon as possible to do so.”
Chen Ping replied!
“Then does Mr. Chen know where your friends are?”
The Third Elder asked.
Chen Ping shook his head!
The Third Elder frowned “I don’t know where it is, that’s not easy to find, this Celestial Realm is incredibly wide, I’ve been in the Jade Tripod Sect for decades and I’ve never even understood all the places in the Celestial Realm.”
“I just heard that the north and south poles of the Celestial Human Realm are separated by more than a hundred thousand kilometres, in which there are countless clans, towns, and even imperial cities and countries, if you don’t know where your friend is, I’m afraid it will be hard to find him.”
After hearing this, Chen Ping could not help but let out a sigh, this Celestial Realm was indeed too big, it was indeed too difficult to find Su Yuqi and her friends, but even if it was difficult, Chen Ping would not give up!
“Even if it’s the end of the world, I will find them ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with determination!
Seeing that look in Chen Ping’s eyes, Liu Ruyan seemed to sense something, so she asked “The friend you’re talking about, is it your girlfriend?”
Chen Ping looked at Liu Ruyan and did not say anything, but only nodded slightly!
“No wonder you didn’t stay, so you were looking for your girlfriend.”
“But I will keep what I said, I will wait for you forever ……”
Liu Ruyan said with firm eyes!
Chen Ping didn’t dare to look at Liu Ruyan’s eyes, he was afraid that he would be too soft-hearted to leave!
“Alright, I should go too, if there’s anything, feel free to find me!”
Chen Ping said, turned around and left the room, he didn’t dare to stay too long!
And Liu Ruyan looked at Chen Ping’s back and muttered “Chen Ping, I will always wait for you ……”
The third elder at the side looked at Liu Ruyan’s appearance and could only sigh, shaking his head and leaving.