As expected, Qi Peijia soon couldn’t laugh anymore, his smile froze on his face, only to see that under Qi Peijia’s feet, there were actually a few sword awns stabbing down fiercely!
Along with the several sword awnings stabbing at Qi Pei Jia’s feet, the Black Demon Armour on his body unexpectedly began to shatter, and in the end, the Black Demon Armour shattered into pieces, and reappeared as a burst of black mist drifting away!
“This …………”
Qi Peijia was shocked, he didn’t expect this Chen Ping to know the weakness of the Black Demon Armour and break it down!
One must know that no one would attack the opponent’s feet unless they knew that the opponent’s weakness was right above the feet!
Now that Chen Ping was using the Nine Shadow Sword Technique, those sword awnings that had erupted were, to put it bluntly, to attract Qi Pei Jia’s attention, and Chen Ping knew that those sword awnings would not be able to break through Qi Pei Jia’s Black Demon Armour at all!
Only when Qi Pei Jia was careless could he attack the weak points of the Black Demon Armour by surprise!
“How did you know about the Black Magic Armour weakness? How on earth did you know that?”
Qi Pei Jia roared at Chen Ping!
“Want to know, kneel down and beg me, I can tell you ……”
Chen Ping’s hand in one move instantly became quite confident!
As long as this Qi Pei Jia’s various divine abilities could not help Chen Ping, then Chen Ping was not afraid!
“Without the Black Demon Armour, I can easily kill you as well ……”
Qi Peijia’s palm slowly crossed over his forehead, and in an instant, an eye appeared on his forehead!
Along with the blinking of the eye, the entire sky was turned into a dim colour, it was as if everything was under Qi Peijia’s gaze.
“Heavenly Underworld Eye ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch “How can this Heavenly Underworld Eye be broken, this thing is too perverted, opening the Heavenly Underworld Eye, all of my movements will not be able to escape his eyes ……”
Opening the Heavenly Underworld Eyes was as if time had slowed down instantly, Chen Ping’s every move was like a slow play in Qi Peijia’s eyes!
How could this make Chen Ping fight after Qi Peijia?
“Thunder, use the power of thunder to bombard the Heavenly Underworld Eye, the Heavenly Underworld Eye is most afraid of the power of thunder, besides, this Heavenly Underworld Eye of his is only practiced.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood, so his entire body was suffused with a bizarre aura!
The sky instantly darkened, and dark clouds rolled across the sky as if it was the end of the world, and it was as black as ink for a hundred miles around!
And within the dark clouds, a streak of lightning continued to streak by as Chen Ping’s body soared up and hovered underneath those dark clouds!
The lightning origin aura emanated out, instantly attracting those lightning bolts to his surroundings!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was surrounded by lightning, and there was also a constant flash of electricity in his eyes!
The pervasive Lightning Origin aura caused all the lightning to intertwine together, forming a large web of lightning!
A lightning origin was running wildly in Chen Ping’s origin space, and Chen Ping had never had such an outburst of origin power before.
The lightning origin operated to the extreme, then Chen Ping slowly raised his hand, and all the lightning all converged into one place!
A lightning bolt as thick as a bucket was formed in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping then pointed his finger and the lightning instantly struck down!
Brush!
The lightning streaked across the void, causing the dark as ink sky to instantly shine!
Seeing this, Qi Peijia’s expression became tense, and the black Qi around him instantly exploded out!
However, at this moment, heaven and earth seemed to stand still, as the thick lightning streaked across the void and continued to fall downwards!
This time, Chen Ping had actually unintentionally executed the Immortal Finger!
This was a mastery that had been passed down to Chen Ping by the Ji Family’s old ancestor, and could only be performed if Chen Ping had comprehended the Time Origin!
However, with this finger, Chen Ping had unintentionally executed the Immortal’s Finger, causing the entire heaven and earth to seemingly stand still!
Chen Ping did not know that the reason for this situation was because Qi Peijia’s Heavenly Underworld Eyes had changed the flow of time in this space!
Although Chen Ping hadn’t comprehended the Origin of Time, he could now cast Time Spells, which was considered to be a hint of understanding of time, and had just unintentionally cast it, which had the effect of the Immortal’s Finger!