Even though he did not use his spiritual power, Chen Ping’s punch still carried a faint white mist above it.
This was because Chen Ping was too fast, plus the force was great enough to cause the moisture in the air to condense!
“Has this fellow gone mad?”
The four black bronze robes were stunned to see that Chen Ping had actually relied on the strength of his physical body and charged straight over.
But this time, the four Black Bronze Robes did not dare to take Chen Ping lightly, and the black and gold light on each of them flashed up, so even if Chen Ping relied on the strength of his flesh, the four of them did not dare to resist hard!
But just as the four Black Bronze Robes were about to defend themselves against Chen Ping’s attack, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly changed direction.
Chen Ping kicked his feet and his entire body went straight towards the spatial artifact in mid-air.
“Stop him ……”
At this moment, the four black bronze robes reacted and hurriedly waved a stream of powerful qi towards Chen Ping!
But it was already too late, Chen Ping’s body had already reached the Spatial Spell Vessel.
The Holy Light Fist viciously smashed on top of the magic weapon.
Dang!
There was a deafening sound as the Spatial Spell Vessel sent out a stirring and the entire space trembled!
Boom boom boom ……
A stream of power struck Chen Ping, but Chen Ping simply ignored it, all he had to do now was to completely destroy this spatial magic weapon, otherwise he would definitely die!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping once again mustered up all his strength and smashed his fist towards the spatial artifact once more!
Immediately afterwards, there was another loud sound, only to see that the spatial artifact began to shake continuously, and the entire alien space began to shake violently!
“It’s bad, the space is going to break, hurry up and stop him ……”
A black bronze robed shouted out in shock.
“Swimming Dragon Holy Fist!”
“Absolute Heavenly Palm!”
“…………”
The four Black Bronze Robes used their lifelong skills at this moment, and a single spell smashed towards Chen Ping.
Boom, boom …………
Several spells instantly smashed onto Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s body flew straight upwards, his body smashing heavily on top of the spatial spell!
The originally shaky spell artifact was now directly knocked down, falling to the ground and shattering instantly!
And at this moment, the alien space was gone without a trace!
Chen Ping’s body then fell fiercely onto the martial arts arena, smashing it into a large crater!
The alien space was broken and the crowd could now see the battle in front of them in real life.
Everyone was staring at Chen Ping in the big pit, wondering how he was doing.
In many people’s hearts, they were actually expecting Chen Ping to get up!
The clans and families in the martial arts world did not all follow the orders of the Martial Arts Union, and there were many clans and families who did not see what the Kyoto Martial Arts Union was doing!
But due to the power of the Alliance, no one dared to resist!
Now that Chen Ping is fighting alone against the Martial Alliance, many people already see Chen Ping as a lone hero in their hearts!
Chen Ping had also become a kind of spiritual support for many martial arts clans and families!
Although they did not dare to follow the Martial Law Alliance in their fight, they hoped that Chen Ping would win!
Hoping that Chen Ping would stand up and keep fighting ……
As the crowd watched, Chen Ping slowly stood up and walked out of the deep hole!
Chen Ping’s body had long been a bloody mess at this moment, and he could not even see his face anymore!
However, Chen Ping’s eyes grew colder and colder as he looked at the four black bronze robes at this moment.
With a wave of his hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword reappeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s mouth lightly opened, his eyes turned scarlet, and the dragon crystal on his chest began to flicker with light!
The endless power of the divine dragon was injected into the Dragon Chopper Sword.
And the aura on Chen Ping’s body also soared to the extreme!
A terrifying killing aura instantly enveloped the four black bronze robes, while the Dragon Chopper Sword in Chen Ping’s hand also seemed to be responding to the killing aura on Chen Ping’s body, emitting a burst of buzzing sound, appearing exceptionally excited!