Originally, the entire Martial Union was protected by formations, but at this moment, under the Blood Demon’s terrifying aura, that magnificent building was instantly turned into a ruin!
Looking at the Blood Demon’s terrifying ability, Chen Ping couldn’t help but be staggered!
This was too f*cking powerful, if the Blood Demon wasn’t dead at the moment and retained more than a single sentence of his physical body, would anyone else be a match for him?
Nie Cheng’s face was also ashen as he watched the entire Martial Alliance turn into a wreck!
He knew that he was finished, even if Chen Ping didn’t kill him, the great powers wouldn’t let him go.
In the blink of an eye, the Martial Dao Alliance no longer existed, and only the false mountain was still intact and towering!
The members within the Martial Dao Alliance could not even be found as corpses, they had become slags!
Chen Ping looked towards Nie Cheng, who at this moment couldn’t help but feel a tightening of his inner heart!
As a Grand Martial Marquis, the Black Silver Robe of the Martial Dao Alliance, he was now a prisoner, and in such a sorry state!
“Chen Ping, I helped you open the dungeon and I’ve told you everything I know, can you please not kill me?”
Nie Cheng was begging for mercy, he was afraid of death! First published at https://m.lqzw.org
Chen Ping stared closely at Nie Cheng, then his face was cold as he said, “I gave you a chance, but you didn’t cherish it, don’t blame me, blame yourself for not deserving to be this alliance’s master.”
Chen Ping did not kill Nie Cheng right away, but let the Blood Demon carry Nie Cheng and walk towards the Long Family!
Chen Ping kept Nie Cheng in order to publicly sentence him to death, he wanted everyone to know what would happen if they followed the Martial Dao Alliance.
Who else would join the Martial Dao Alliance when the Martial Dao Alliance’s alliance leader, had been sentenced to death, and the Martial Dao Alliance had been destroyed?
Chen Ping was going to follow the Wudao Alliance to the end, and would not stop until he died ……
At the same time, within an extremely volatile space, a man whose body was hidden under a black robe slowly rose to his feet!
“There is still someone in the secular world who is able to shake my spell formation, the fluctuation of that breath just now is too terrifying, could it be that the aura is really reviving and some old things are coming to life?”
The black-robed man spoke indifferently, but there was no one in front of him!
“Mighty, all the major secret realms seem to have gotten word that the time for the revival of aura is coming, and all the major hidden worldly families seem to be making preparations.”
“Many very strong spokespersons of worldly families have sprung up in the secular realm, while our painstakingly operated Martial Alliance has lost its glory and been ruined at this time.”
In the midst of the fluctuating space, an old man with a wrinkled face and a somewhat hunched back appeared.
“Hahahaha, the Martial Dao Alliance is just a bait for me, even if it is a bait, it cannot be destroyed easily, you bring someone to check it out, and if you can, bring that Chen Ping.”
“The true body of the Golden Dragon, perhaps with his body, we will be able to enter another world and meet our long lost demon daddy ……”
The great power laughed wildly, seemingly not angry at the destruction of the Martial Alliance.
“As ordered ……”
The hunchbacked old man slowly retreated backwards, and soon his body was hidden within the fluctuating space.
And in Kyoto, news of the destruction of the Martial Alliance and the capture of Nie Cheng, who was the newly promoted leader of the Martial Alliance, spread instantly!
With this, Chen Ping’s reputation had reached its peak state!
But this meant nothing to Chen Ping, all that prestige, he had to find a way to break open the cell and rescue Su Yuqi before he could do so.
Now that the Martial Alliance no longer existed, but looking at that dungeon, Chen Ping was at his wits’ end, and it made him desperate!
“Mr. Chen, is it that you are troubled by the fact that you cannot break the cell of the Martial Alliance?”
At this moment, Fan Jiang walked over and asked.
Chen Ping looked at Fan Jiang and then nodded, “The formation of that cell is just too strong, even the Blood Demon cannot break it.”
“I spent twenty years in the Martial Alliance dungeon, and the formation in that dungeon is very peculiar, but as long as we find the eye of the formation, we might be able to break that formation.”
Fan Jiang said.