Soon, Ning Zhi arrived at a small raised hill in the middle of Penglai Island, which was just a little over a hundred metres higher in elevation than the surrounding area, a small hill of sorts.
In a hidden place, there was a stone door carved with a floral pattern, and it was ancient and had been left open to the seams!
Ning Zhi went in without a hitch, and inside was a very dark tunnel, and after about two or three hundred metres, there was a great hall of unbelievable width!
The hall was big enough to hold tens of thousands of people, and in the middle of it, there was something like a divine altar, except that the stone pillars on the altar had fallen to the east and west, so it looked like it had been vandalised!
“Elder, is this place a fake relic that we built to trick those people?”
Ning Zhi looked around, his eyes filled with surprise!
If this was a fake relic that had been built, then this was too big of a gesture, to build such a place, I was afraid that it would simply be impossible without several years.
Did the Kyoto Martial Arts Union know that this place was a spiritual recovery and built a fake relic here?
Ning Zhi didn’t quite believe it!
“Originally this place was like this, I just don’t know which sect’s relic it was, but it was destroyed by someone.”
“Some time ago, I sent someone to re-lay a spell formation here and transform it, so as long as those clan lineage people come in, they won’t be able to get out.”
“By then the whole Penglai Island will be ours, and we can slowly wait for the aura to recover and see where the peculiarities of this Penglai Island lie.”
The spirit said slowly.
It turned out that the vision Long Xingxu and the others had felt some time ago was not caused by the revival of the spiritual energy here, but rather the Martial Alliance had managed to set up a formation that had deliberately scared many people on the island away!
If Chen Ping had known that it was all the work of the Martial Dao Alliance that had scared Long Xingxu back to Kyoto, he would have scolded Long Xingxu for sure.
Soon, rumours began to spread on Penglai Island that in the very centre of Penglai Island, there were relics that were spell formations that opened up the recovery of spiritual energy!
And the more the rumour spread, the more mysterious it became!
Many people went to look for it, but they all came back in vain!
Because the entrance had long been closed, Ning Zhi would not let these people find it until the last minute.
By the time Chen Ping arrived at Penglai Island with Jiang Wei and Hu Ma Zi, there were already close to a thousand experts from all the clans on the island!
Chen Ping was astonished by this scale!
Chen Ping didn’t linger and took the group straight to the palace to look for Du Nan!
At that time, after Long Xingxu and the others had evacuated, Du Nan did not evacuate, after all, he was the emperor of the land here and did not want to leave!
After seeing Chen Ping arrive, Du Nan ran out of the palace in joy to greet him straight away!
“Mr. Chen, you’ve finally arrived, this Penglai Island has suddenly come with many people, this is afraid to be chaos ……”
Upon seeing Chen Pingzhi, Du Nan began to complain, almost crying out!
Because these people coming from the island, all of them were experts, one person was afraid that they could destroy his entire palace!
But luckily, during this time, no one came to trouble Du Nan, those people all drew an area each to set up camp!
“You knew I was coming?”
Chen Ping looked at Du Nan with some surprise, not understanding how Du Nan knew that he was coming.
“Ah, I sent someone to Kyoto to invite Mr. Chen, I just didn’t expect Mr. Chen to come so quickly ……”
Du Nan thought his people had invited Chen Ping here, not knowing that his people had gone to Kyoto and couldn’t meet Chen Ping at all!
“I came from somewhere else, I didn’t see the people you sent at all, you prepare the room now, let us rest first.”
Chen Ping said to Du Nan.
“Fine, fine ……”
Du Nan hurriedly prepared the room, and then all the people Jiang Wei had brought with him were properly arranged.
And Hu Ma Zi couldn’t wait to pull Zhou Jie into the room as well, and immediately after that there were sounds coming from inside the room!
Jiang Wei followed by Chen Ping both looked at each other and smiled, both knew what Pocky Hu was doing!