Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness at this moment was as if it had encountered a hurricane, setting off shocking waves!
At the top of Chen Ping’s head, a white light was bubbling outwards!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping felt that he was in a white illusion!
But when Chen Ping looked around, he realised that all the surrounding were actually motionless cultivators, even the Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun were among them!
Chen Ping’s entire body was instantly startled as he looked to the side!
This was because he saw that he was also standing motionless with his eyes slightly closed, just like a statue!
“What’s the situation? Am I …… I a spirit body now?”
Chen Ping hurriedly looked at himself, his brows furrowed!
It turned out that the soul in his body had been pulled out by that huge suction force!
Chen Ping was a little scared at the moment and desperately tried to rush back into his body, but no matter how hard he tried, it was useless!
“Damn, curiosity killed the cat ah ……”
If Chen Ping had known this, he would not have emitted that wisp of divine sense to probe!
Now he had caused his entire soul to be drawn away from his body!
If he couldn’t return, he would be in big trouble!
Just as Chen Ping was at a loss as to what to do, a picture slowly appeared in the white void!
Only to see an old man holding a duster with a white beard, drawing something on the ground with a burnt branch!
Chen Ping fixed his eyes on it and realised that what the old man was drawing with the branch was the very same teleportation array that they were currently sitting on!
The old man had a bit of panic on his face, and the speed of the drawing was very fast!
From time to time, there were black shadows approaching the old man, but they were all sent flying by the old man’s flick of his duster!
Chen Ping did not understand, what was the situation of this picture?
Could it be that this teleportation array was set up by the old man in the picture?
The old man had only used a few breaths of time to finish drawing this huge teleportation array that held hundreds of people! >
As the teleportation array flashed with a stream of light, the old man heaved a sigh of relief!
Dropping the section of the branch in his hand, the old man’s gaze suddenly looked towards Chen Ping!
This startled Chen Ping!
It was as if the old man in the painting could see Chen Ping!
But just at this moment, a mass of black shadows came in the middle of the picture and instantly wrapped the old man!
The old man no longer seemed to be resisting, and his eyes were exposed beyond the black shadows, still staring at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping only felt his head spinning, accompanied by a suction force, falling directly into the endless black vortex!
Suddenly, a golden light pierced through the darkness, and Chen Ping snapped awake, only to realise that at an unknown time, the Great Luo Golden Dictionary in his sea of consciousness had blocked in front of him!
The Great Luo Golden Canon emitted a holy golden light and slowly opened a page!
A sound of sacred chanting entered Chen Ping’s mind, followed by a hellish scream!
The endless darkness slowly disappeared, and Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with excitement, wanting to see what exactly was recorded within that Great Luo Golden Canon!
But before he could see it, he felt his entire body being pushed, and then he opened his eyes once again!
“Master, what are you doing? Are you asleep? I’ve been shouting at you for half a day.”
Fire Phoenix said as she pushed Chen Ping’s body hard!
Chen Ping’s face was still full of bewilderment at the moment, and when he looked around, he realised that they were actually in the middle of a vast jungle!
Around them, many of the cultivators had already left, but there were still a dozen or so of them, standing motionless as stakes!
No one around them bothered about these motionless cultivators!
“Mr Chen, you have finally woken up, just now we thought that you had followed these people and your soul had been sent elsewhere!”
Only when he saw Chen Ping open his eyes did Ji Yun say with relief!
“What the hell is going on here?”
Chen Ping still couldn’t figure out right now, what he had just experienced, was it just a dream?