Boom boom boom …………
A few more palms were swung out violently, a burst of flying sand, but the boulder still didn’t move, not even a trace of it!
“Qiao Zhiyong, what’s wrong with you kid? How dare you hide your strength? Are you trying to mess with us behind our backs?”
Zhu Hao shouted angrily at Qiao Zhiyong, looking like he wanted to make a move.
After all, several people were in an alliance, and Qiao Zhiyong hiding his strength obviously had his own little plan!
Hong Qianjiu stopped Zhu Hao and reprimanded, “What time is it now, there are still thoughts of infighting, let’s combine our efforts to break open the boulder first.”
Although Hong Qianjiu was also very dissatisfied with Qiao Zhiyong at this time, but now it was difficult to protect himself, the priority was to break the boulder!
Just as Hong Qianjiu contacted the crowd and wanted to combine their efforts to break the boulder, Chen Ping spoke up.
“Don’t waste your efforts, even if you combine your efforts, you won’t be able to break the boulder.”
Chen Ping slowly said.
Hong Qianjiu and the rest of them all looked at Chen Ping, then frowned and said, “Chen Ping, what do you mean by that? Could it be that you can break open this boulder?”
“This boulder is imprisoned by a formation, if the formation cannot be broken, the boulder will not move.”
Chen Ping said.
“You are talking nonsense, if there was in formation above this boulder, wouldn’t I not be able to feel it just now, the few palms just now, I didn’t feel the existence of the formation.”
Qiao Zhiyong loudly retorted, just now he had struck several palms, he did not feel the existence of the formation.
“I think this guy is just talking nonsense, we don’t need to pay attention to him, let’s combine our efforts in one place, we can definitely break this stone.”
Zhu Hao disdainfully glanced at Chen Ping, he also didn’t believe what Chen Ping said.
Hong Qianjiu nodded, he could only try, so the three of them plus those from the clan families, together they slapped towards the huge stone in front of them.
The auras of the Great Marquis of Martial Arts crisscrossed across the room and soon intertwined together, fiercely bombarding the top of the boulder.
With a deafening sound, the entire earth trembled, and with the addition of the heavenly thunder constantly bombarding down, the entire inside of the ruins simply became an inferno on earth!
But even so, the boulder remained motionless, which caused everyone to be taken aback!
With so many people joining hands and not being able to shake the boulder, they had to once again place their gaze on Chen Ping.
“You guys don’t need to waste your efforts, just slowly wait for death to come ……”
Ning Zhi’s voice came in from outside!
Hong Qianjiu almost didn’t die from anger when he heard that Ning Zhi’s voice, while the other families of the lineage, all of them also cursed Ning Zhi, now people finally knew why Ning Zhi was so kind to let everyone enter into the relics, it was basically a trap!
Hong Qianjiu looked towards Chen Ping and asked in a grave manner, “Chen Ping, you said that the boulder is imprisoned by a formation, can you open it?”
“Of course I can.”Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Since you can, then you open it quickly ah ……”
Hong Qianjiu said with a face full of anxiety.
At this time, everyone else also looked at Chen Ping expectantly, as long as the boulder was opened, they would be able to escape from here!
“Watch this ……”
Only to see Chen Ping walk to the boulder, golden light flashed above his palm, just like the sun in the middle of the dark night!
The crowd all looked on in shock, wanting to see how Chen Ping actually broke the formation and opened the boulder!
Only to see Chen Ping slap his palm towards the head of that Qilin beast.
Chen Ping did not slap one palm, but three palms in succession!
But after the three slaps, the boulder was also motionless, which instantly made many people die!
“It’s over, it looks like we’re really going to die here.”
“What is this Chen Ping pretending for, he really thought he could open the boulder.”
The crowd was dissatisfied with Chen Ping, but Chen Ping himself was not affected in the slightest.