…………
When Dong Jiahao and Dong Liqun walked out, they saw that Chen Ping was standing in the doorway covered in blood.
“Brother Chen Ping, you’re injured?”
Dong Jiahao’s face was shocked and he hurriedly went forward to check the injuries on Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled lightly, “It’s all just minor injuries!”
“Mr. Chen, I have some good golden sore pills here, as well as qi tonic pills, I will order someone to bring them right away!”
Dong Liqun also stepped forward and hurriedly followed Chen Ping respectfully.
“Master Dong, there’s no need, they’re all minor injuries, they’ll heal soon!”
Chen Ping said gratefully.
Seeing this tone of Chen Ping’s speech, Dong Liqun finally breathed a sigh of relief in his heart and immediately flashed and made a gesture of invitation, “Mr. Chen, please come in the house quickly ……”
Chen Ping walked into the Dong family villa, and Dong Liqun personally poured tea and water for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping could actually see the panic in Dong Liqun’s heart, which was a faint smile.
“Brother Chen Ping, I heard that you killed that Ning Hai?”
Dong Jiahao asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded, “Killed it, but it was him who blew himself up.”
“Self-exploded?”
Dong Jiahao and Dong Liqun were all shocked!
They were aware of the power of a Martial Marquis blowing himself up, and while Ning Hai blew himself up, Chen Ping was fine and only suffered some minor injuries, which was enough to show Chen Ping’s strength.
“Then wouldn’t Ning Zhi also be killed by Ning Hai’s self-explosion?”
Dong Jiahao asked curiously.
“Ning Zhi escaped, but even if he escapes to the ends of the earth, I will still look to beat him!”
Chen Ping shook his head and said.
“That’s a shame, this Ning Zhi is too sinister, if he escapes, you should be more careful.”
Dong Jiahao barked at Chen Ping.
“Thank you, Brother Dong, for reminding me!” Chen Ping nodded, then continued, “Brother Dong, I came to the Dong Family this time because I want your Dong Family to take over all those industries and resources of the Ning Family.”
“You also know that the Ning Family’s industries are huge, and many martial arts families are eyeing them, and now that Ning Hai has died, the Ning Family’s industries will be quickly eaten away if there is no one to take over.”
“I don’t have time to manage these, and these industries don’t mean much to me, so I hope that Brother Dong can take over!”
When Chen Ping finished his words, he caused Dong Jiahao and Dong Liqun to freeze at once!
Especially Dong Liqun, he felt lucky that Chen Ping wasn’t looking for him, but he didn’t expect Chen Ping to deliver such a great bargain to the Dong family!
“Brother Chen Ping, is what you said true, you know that the Ning family’s industry is one of the best in the whole of Kyoto.”
Dong Jiahao asked with some disbelief.
“Of course it’s true!” Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Brother Chen Ping, since you trust me so much, I, Dong Jiahao, have nothing to say, in the future, as long as you, Brother Chen Ping, say the word, I, Dong Jiahao, will go through fire and soup, I will not hesitate to do so ……”
Dong Jiahao was very excited to look at Chen Ping, his eyes were actually red.
On the other hand, that Dong Liqun was full of shame and actually kneeled down in front of Chen Ping with a poof.
Chen Ping was stunned and hurriedly stepped forward to help Dong Liqun up, “Family Head Dong, what are you doing?”
“Mr. Chen, I have never done anything wrong with a bang, but I am ashamed of Mr. Chen ……”
“From now on, I, Dong Liqun, will be Mr. Chen’s pawn, and everyone in my Dong family will be at Mr. Chen’s disposal ……”
“If I, Dong Liqun, dare to do anything that is duplicitous, heaven and earth will not allow it ……”
Dong Liqun was so impressed by Chen Ping’s broad-mindedness at this moment that he could not wait to smack himself several times in the mouth!
“Clan Master Dong is serious, Brother Dong and I are friends, and he hasn’t helped me much, it’s good that we help each other!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping did not stay long in the Dong family, after talking over some matters, he left, he had to make a trip to the Valley of Villains to see if the Four Villains had recovered.