Now that he himself had become a demonic cultivator, it was also entirely because of Chen Ping!
“Understood!”Seeing this, the green-clothed cultivator hurriedly nodded fawningly!
If they really offended Ning Zhi, the few of them were afraid that none of them would want to live, after all, Ning Zhi didn’t belong to their Demon Sealing Alliance’s control, even if they killed them, the Demon Sealing Alliance wouldn’t be able to do it for them!
After saying that, the green-clothed cultivator led the charge towards the Dead Sea, the other demonic cultivators followed closely behind, one by one as if they were sharp arrows, shooting down directly from mid-air!
A dozen demonic cultivators, their breaths intertwined, as if they were a titan, rushed into the Dead Sea with a roar, heading straight for Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu also sensed the aura of the dozen or so demonic cultivators, and her eyes were filled with incredulity!
She didn’t understand how all these devil cultivators were able to enter the Dead Sea, but now was not the time to think!
Only to see the giant sword behind Zhu Qingxiu, sheathed violently, ten thousand golden lights illuminating the surroundings instantly!
Ning Zhi didn’t rush into the Dead Sea, but instead looked down at everything in the sea from mid-air!
And he continued to condense black demonic qi and then strike it into that one cylinder!
A dozen demonic cultivators, led by that green-clothed cultivator, launched an attack on Zhu Qingxiu!
However, under the blockage of that complete sword shadow, and that giant sword, it was surprisingly difficult for them to get close for a while!
“This Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret scrolls are really powerful, a dozen of us, surprisingly, have no way to get close.”
The green-clothed cultivator frowned slightly as he kept dodging the attacks of those sword shadows!
“Big brother, the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret scrolls are bullish, but they also need spiritual power to support them, I’d like to see how long that Zhu Qingxiu, a woman, can support them!”
A devil cultivator smashed a sword shadow with a palm, then said smugly!
“Not bad, he’s a woman, he won’t be able to support it for long!”
The green-clothed cultivator nodded!
More than a dozen devil cultivators kept after all Zhu Qingxiu, while Zhu Qingxiu was sweating profusely, catalysing the jade secrets in her hand, a sword shadow was destroyed before it quickly appeared!
Zhu Qingxiu’s face had long been pale, violently Zhu Qingxiu sprayed out a mouthful of blood, the blood directly sprayed on that jade brief secret manual!
Accompanied by a flash of red light, nine blood-red long swords unexpectedly flew out from the Jade Brief Book of Secrets once again!
Swish swish swish ……
These blood red long swords all ran towards those demonic cultivators!
However, it could be clearly seen that Zhu Qingxiu’s body was trembling and had reached its limit!
“Hurry up, you hurry up, I can’t hold on much longer ……”
Zhu Qingxiu said as she glanced at Chen Ping who was concentrating on carving formation patterns!
Chen Ping also knew the menace of this moment, but he had to carve the divine pattern in its entirety this time before they could have a chance of escaping!
Otherwise, Ning Zhi plus these dozen or so demonic cultivators would be enough for them to drink a pot of water!
Now Chen Ping knew that it was not the time to follow Ning Zhi and fight to the death, this guy Ning Zhi had too many tricks up his sleeve, Chen Ping didn’t know Ning Zhi’s strength yet and didn’t dare to fight hard!
If he really suffered a loss, with that guy Ning Zhi’s nature, it was 100% impossible to be giving himself a chance to escape!
“This Zhu Qingxiu, even using his own essence blood to consume, this is planning to be lifeless!”
The green-clothed cultivator couldn’t help but be surprised when faced with the sudden appearance of those blood-red longswords!
But even if nine blood-red longswords appeared again, they simply couldn’t stop those dozen or so demonic cultivators from approaching!
For every blood-red longsword that was destroyed, Zhu Qingxiu’s body would tremble for a moment, followed by a mouthful of blood being sprayed out!
Zhu Qingxiu sprayed out more and more blood, and his breath had weakened to the extreme!
The jade secret book in his hand also no longer had light flickering, and even less sword shadows appeared!
The blood stained Zhu Qingxiu’s clothes red, and Zhu Qingxiu had become a bloody person at this moment!
She couldn’t hold on any longer and slowly collapsed to the ground, her face as white as paper!