The entire person went straight towards that giant sword!
“What is Chen doing?”
Nie Heng was shocked when he saw this!
“Fellow Daoist Chen isn’t going to commit suicide, is he? How come you don’t dodge or dodge, yet you’re heading towards that giant sword?”
Chen Wenliang also did not understand what Chen Ping was trying to do!
Even Wang Qingshi himself did not expect that even if Chen Ping did not dodge, he now took the initiative to meet it.
This was sticking his head out for himself to cut!
How can there be such a thing?
Is there a trick?
Just when Wang Qingshi didn’t understand what was going on, Chen Ping’s body directly collided with the huge sword in his hand!
Boom!
With a loud bang, golden light splashed everywhere!
Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body, like snowflakes, fell off in pieces and slowly disappeared!
Accompanied by the flash of golden light, the crowd was surprised to see that Chen Ping’s skinny body had actually resisted the blow of that huge sword!
And with both palms deadlocked on that huge sword, there was disdain and coldness in his eyes!
“How is this possible?”
Wang Qingshi was instantly dumbfounded!
To know that the sword he had just used, even if it was a Mahayana realm expert, he was afraid that if he resisted it hard like that, he would be taken away with a single blow, but Chen Ping, a Transition realm 6th rank only!
How could he have resisted a blow and not been injured by the looks of it?
This is impossible!
The others were also baffled, staring blankly, if Chen Ping’s strength was anything to go by, many people had seen it before!
However, they did not expect Chen Ping to be so powerful to such an extent!
This was a hard resistance to this sword, if the physical body wasn’t strong enough, no one would dare to try it!
“My goodness, is this something that a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm can do?”
Zhen Yuandao licked his lips, his face unbelievable!
The others were even more shocked and unable to speak!
Su Tianshuo and the others, when they saw this scene, each and every one of them had their hearts beating wildly, if Chen Ping had killed Wang Qingshi, then those of them, they were afraid that none of them would be able to escape!
“President Su, what do we do? This Chen Ping is also too perverted, he is not human ……”
Bao Longxing said with a face full of fear!
“What are you afraid of, that Wang Qingshi won’t necessarily lose, wait and see, if Wang Qingshi is undefeated, we’ll quietly slip away!”
“Anyway, no one is paying attention to us right now, if we can’t, we’ll just beat a dead horse and deny colluding with the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect.”
“Do they have any evidence, do they really dare to kill all of us.”
Su Tianshuo was prepared to wait and see, anyway, he was prepared with two hands!
In fact, he himself was scared to death, his legs were constantly trembling!
Only that these people are all following his orders, if he shows fear at this moment, then the others will really be finished!
If the people’s hearts were scattered, Su Tianshuo knew that he would have no leverage at all!
“This giant of yours looks tall and powerful, but he has no strength at all, so he is a straw man!”
A cold smile appeared on Chen Ping’s face as he said to Wang Qing Shi!
Wang Qingshi was angry and furious, gritting his teeth, “Don’t be complacent, I haven’t lost yet ……”
Buzz!
Steeply, the giant sword unexpectedly began to be covered with blood-coloured runes as well, and a fierce power erupted out!
Chen Ping looked at the blood-coloured runes constantly flashing above the giant sword and smiled even more broadly, “Playing with me with runes, you’re still a bit young ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he even used his finger to draw a few times with vigour on top of the huge sword!
In an instant, the power that was about to erupt on the giant sword directly hibernated, and the giant sword trembled, sending the giant flying!
Wang Qing Shi was shocked and incredibly looked at the giant sword in his hand!
“What on earth did you …… you draw on top of this giant sword of mine?”
Wang Qingshi asked with a face full of shock!
Knowing that this was his weapon, he had bestowed all of those blood-coloured runes on top of this huge sword!
But who would have thought that by Chen Ping casually scratching and pulling twice, the blood-coloured runes had all failed!