“Patriarch Hai, what do we do?”
Patriarch Yang asked in a small voice!
“What else can we do ……”
Hai Dafu glanced scornfully at Patriarch Luo who was not far away, his face full of helplessness!
However, deep in the bottom of Hai Da Fu’s eyes, there was already a strong dissatisfaction, and at this moment the rift between the five great clans had already appeared!
“Is it possible to just watch that Chen Ping leave? This is a hundred year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance ah ……”
Patriarch Yang said with an unwilling heart!
“Don’t worry, he won’t be able to run away, since we don’t have the means to do it, let someone else do it for us, and we’ll get a share of the benefits when the time comes!”
Hai Da Fu finished speaking and directly pulled out a sound transmission jade slip to crush!
The news that Chen Ping had just left from the five great sects was transmitted by Hai Da Fu!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, who was on his way, did not know that his whereabouts had been leaked out!
“Mr Chen, it’s better for you to leave alone, don’t worry about us for now, we’ll just go slowly.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder said to Chen Ping!
They were all injured and moving very slowly, Chen Ping taking them with him would definitely affect their speed, and if they were to run into the people who were greedy for the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, that would be the end of it!
“Right, Mr Chen you better go first, don’t mind us ……”
Luo Shouhai also said to Chen Ping!
“Alright, you guys stop talking, I am not going to leave you guys behind.”
“This Heavenly Demon Mountain is vast and sparsely populated, we won’t easily run into other people, after we reach Fancheng, I will heal your wounds.”
There was no way Chen Ping would leave alone!
Just after Chen Ping had travelled some distance with the crowd, suddenly from their side, dozens of figures were approaching at a rapid pace!
When Chen Ping and the others saw this, they all became nervous!
“Mr Chen, you go first, big deal, I’ll blow myself up and stop these people ……”
When the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder saw these people coming straight towards them, he knew that the visitors were not good!
Now that they were all seriously injured, how could they cope with only Chen Ping himself?
“Ghost Elder, there is no need to be so pessimistic first, perhaps these people are not coming against me.”
Chen Ping comforted the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder!
Although the words were spoken, Chen Ping’s heart was also very nervous!
Soon, those dozens of figures had blocked Chen Ping’s front.
Each of these people had a gloomy face, and a black aura surrounded their bodies!
One could tell at a glance that they were demonic cultivators.
In front of these people, there were two people wearing black cloaks that looked exactly the same, clearly twins!
The two people exuded an aura of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm!
“Hu Da, Hu Er, what are you doing here? This is the territory belonging to the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
Luo Shouhai saw the visitors, then stepped forward with a cold face and said!
“So it’s Valley Master Luo ah, disrespectful, we’re just here to look for someone.”
Hu Da stepped forward, arched his hand towards Luo Shouhai and said!
“Looking for who?” Luo Shouhai asked!
That Hu Da dropped his gaze onto Chen Ping and said with a cold smile “Of course we are looking for him, a hundred years of offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, this is a walking resource bank ah!”
Luo Shouhai frowned, his face became very ugly, he did not think that these guys were really running towards Chen Ping.
Seeing this, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder hurriedly stepped forward, his eyes filled with disdain and said “Just by you guys? You don’t even piss on yourself, if you don’t want to die, get lost and don’t make me angry.”
To the devil mountain ghost old man in the sky devil mountain area of fame, of course look down on these guys!
“So the ghost old senior is also here ah ……”
Hu Da laughed, seemingly not afraid of Ghost Old Man!
“Since you know me, don’t quickly roll, do you want me to do it?”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man suppressed his breath that was disordered due to his injuries, and pretended to be calm as he said!
“Ghost old man, I see that your face looks a little off, are you injured? And it’s not a light injury, right?”
“Don’t hold on for dear life, since I dared to come, do you think I would be afraid of you?”
Hu Da said with a teasing face!