“Nephew, nephew ah …………”
Luo Jinzuo cried out as he hugged Luo Xiang’s corpse.
With Luo Xiang dead, this was the only child of their Luo family, and in the future, the Luo family would be extinct.
Moreover, Luo Jinzuo knew that after his brother came out of the gate, when he saw that his son had been killed, he would definitely go crazy, and he would also be unlucky.
After crying for a while, Luo Jinzuo slowly got up, his body exuding a majestic killing aura.
His eyes were wide open and he looked at Ning Zhi with a cold aura.
“Who killed my nephew?”
Luo Jinzuo asked through clenched teeth.
Looking at that look on Luo Jinzuo’s face, Ning Zhi’s heart trembled, but he quickly calmed down and said, “Luo Gongzi, was he killed by that Chen Ping?”
“Chen Ping?”
Luo Jinzuo had not heard of Chen Ping’s name, nor did he know who Chen Ping was.
At this moment, the butler whispered a few words in Luo Jinzuo’s ear, supposedly telling Luo Jinzuo about Chen Ping’s information.
After listening to this, Luo Jinzuo frowned: “My nephew has no enmity with that Chen Ping, why would he want to kill my nephew?”
Luo Jinzuo was somewhat unconvinced as to why Chen Ping wanted to kill Luo Xiang.
Ning Zhi hurriedly gave an account of everything.
From the time he told Luo Xiang about the Demon Subduing Tower, to the time Luo Xiang went to find Chen Ping, and the time he went to the Ning family to borrow someone, all of it followed Luo Jinzuo exactly.
And everything was told truthfully, except for one thing that was not told truthfully, and that was that he had killed Luo Xiang.
Ning Zhi knew that the Luo family would definitely investigate and would not listen to his side of the story.
Before he came here, Ning Zhi had already thought about it and told the truth about everything.
No matter how the Luo family investigated, what Ning Zhi said would be the truth.
When Luo Jinzuo heard Chen Ping’s words, he turned his head to look at the housekeeper.
The butler nodded and said, “Second Master, when the young master left home at that time, he did mention this matter and also mentioned that Chen Ping’s name.”
“When they went to Kyoto, I had contacted them, and the young master said he would stay in Kyoto for a few days, so I didn’t dare to ask more!”
Luo Jinzuo’s face was gloomy to the core as he listened to the butler’s words.
“Go and investigate for me, no matter how far that Chen Ping escapes to the ends of the earth, I will make him die without a burial place ……”
Luo Jinzuo roared in anger, scaring the Luo family . . not even daring to breathe out loud.
“Uncle Luo, before coming here, I’ve already sent someone to investigate that Chen Ping’s whereabouts, now I guess I’ve got news, I’ll ask right away!”
Before Ning Zhi came to Desolate North, he had already sent someone to find out Chen Ping’s whereabouts.
He knew that the Luo family would definitely seek revenge on Chen Ping, and when the time came, he could just report Chen Ping’s hiding place directly.
Ning Zhi took out his mobile phone and then dialed a number out.
Not long after, Ning Zhi walked back with an ugly face.
“Sir Ning, did you find out? Where is that Chen Ping?”
Luo Jinzuo asked.
Ning Zhi nodded, “Uncle Luo, that Chen Ping knew that he had caused a great deal of trouble and had gone to hide in the Valley of the Wicked.”
“The Valley of the Wicked?”
Luo Jinzuo froze when he heard that, he could not imagine that Chen Ping had anything to do with the Valley of the Wicked following him.
“This Chen Ping, does he still have a relationship with the Valley of the Wicked?”
Luo Jinzuo asked.
“I’m not really sure, but I don’t think it’s possible for the Vicious Valley to follow the Luo family as an enemy for the sake of that Chen Ping.”
Ning Zhi was very afraid that once Luo Jinzuo heard about the Valley of the Wicked, he wouldn’t dare to seek revenge on Chen Ping.
After all, the Valley of the Wicked had a reputation to live up to, and all of the Four Great Wicked Men were unconventional.
So no one was willing to mess with the Vicious Valley.
“Humph, even if the Vicious Valley shelters that Chen Ping, my nephew can’t die in vain, big deal, we’ll destroy the Vicious Valley together ……”
Luo Jinzuo flickered with a cold aura, his fists clenched tightly together.
“Second master, this Evil Man Valley is of extraordinary strength, should we wait for the master to come out of seclusion before discussing it?”
The butler persuaded Luo Jinzuo.