Chen Ping propped himself up on the ground with his sword and slowly stood up, looking at the few black and silver robes in front of him who had long since ceased to be human, his brow furrowed tightly!
Looking at the black fog rising around him, and the crowds of people who kept shouting, Chen Ping knew that if he continued like this, everyone would be dead.
At this moment, the martial arts arena was a huge spell formation, and everyone was surrounded by this spell formation.
These black and silver robes had even more immortality in this huge spell formation!
Suddenly, Chen Ping thought of something in the slightest!
These black mists were the most Yin Qi, which could be used as Chen Ping’s cultivation resources!
And the best way to deal with the spell formation was to find the eye of the formation and break the real one.
Or use a more advanced spell formation to suppress the other side!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping put away the Dragon Cutting Sword and the Blood Demon’s flesh.
With his eyes slightly closed, Chen Ping’s Heart Condensing Technique frantically began to run, and a huge suction force caused those black mists to begin to burrow towards Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s lost spiritual energy was recovering rapidly!
Moreover, the Runic Spell Technique inherited from the Heavenly Rune Sect was also flashing up in Chen Ping’s mind at this moment.
He had to find a way to deal with this spell formation!
Seeing the black fog around him continuously pouring in towards Chen Ping’s body, the black and silver robed boss frowned, “Quick, kill him, this son’s flesh cannot be kept either ……”
But just as several of the black silver robes were about to make their move, Chen Ping’s slightly closed eyes snapped open, and in Chen Ping’s eyes, a blazing flame actually rose up!
“Blazing Flames Burning Heaven ……”
Chen Ping suddenly pinched his fingers, and a disc in the shape of an eight trigrams instantly appeared in mid-air!
The eight trigrams were burning with blazing fire, and they were expanding, instantly enveloping the entire martial arts arena!
The flames began to consume the black mist and soon the crowd was free of their bonds!
Feeling the scorching heat of the flames around them, the hurried black silver robes instantly became nervous.
They had to know that this was Samadhi Flame, ordinary flames they were not afraid of, but Samadhi Flame, for them, the spirits, that was the nemesis.
They had never expected that Chen Ping would still know such a high level of spell formation.
“Flee, flee quickly ……”
The boss bellowed, followed by several black shadows instantly burrowing out of the black and silver robe’s body!
These spirits had to take advantage of the power of fleeing before Chen Ping had completely laid this fiery burning heaven, otherwise they would have to fly into dust and smoke.
As for these few flesh bodies, they didn’t care at all, they were all dead anyway, even if they were left behind, they would be useless in the future.
Several black shadows shot up into the sky, ready to scatter and flee!
“Want to run?”
A cold aura flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes as he grabbed towards the void, and a soul was instantly grabbed by Chen Ping.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping opened his mouth and the spirit was sucked directly into his body and instantly refined by Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique!
The other few souls were all scared and did not dare to stay for a moment!
It looked like the spirits were about to flee from all directions.
Boom …………
The flames around the martial arts arena instantly rose several feet high, and the violent flames engulfed those fleeing souls in an instant.
Harsh screams rang out, and soon the souls disappeared, burned to a cinder.
“It’s too bad …………”
Looking at those soul spirits that were burned, Chen Ping felt a great pity.
If he could devour these souls, maybe Chen Ping could increase his strength a little!
Slowly the flames disappeared and peace returned to the top of the ring!
There were only a few corpses in black and silver robes, lying quietly on the ground!
Chen Ping slowly walked up to that boss and bent down to take off that Tiger Finger, knowing that this was a Martial Saint Artifact, a Martial Saint Artifact could quickly raise a Martial Daoist family’s status!
What’s more, this time Chen Ping had obtained two Martial Saint Artifacts, with these two Martial Saint Artifacts, the Dragon Sect’s status in the Martial Dao world would go to a higher level.