The Jade Tripod Sect!
Today was the day the Pill Pond opened and all the disciples of the Jade Tripod Sect were all in full costume.
In the southwest of the Jade Tripod Sect’s back mountain, a sky-rushing aura continued to rise, covering the entire Jade Tripod Sect with dense spiritual energy!
Hu Yixiao, dressed in formal clan master attire, stood on a high platform, while the two elders stood on either side!
Everyone was eager to enter the Pill Pond, after all, it was a great opportunity!
The Second Elder’s gaze swept past the disciples of the Third Elder’s lineage, and when he saw Chen Ping in the crowd, his brow visibly frowned, but it soon relaxed!
But when the Second Elder’s gaze rested on Liu Ruyan, he didn’t move away for a long time!
At this moment, the Second Elder always felt that Liu Ruyan looked very familiar, although at this moment, Liu Ruyan had already changed her face and could not see her original face, but some of her aura and characteristics were still difficult to conceal!
Liu Ruyan also seemed to have sensed that someone was paying attention to her, so she quietly moved her body and hid behind Chen Ping!
“Third senior brother, you’ve been recruiting new disciples quite frequently lately, why do I see a very fresh face among your disciples?”
The Second Elder asked in a whisper to the Third Elder!
The Third Elder knew who the person the Second Elder was talking about was, but he didn’t answer and ignored the Second Elder!
When the Second Elder saw this, he didn’t say anything!
“Two senior brothers, have you all picked your candidates?”
“The number of people entering the Pill Pond this time is thirteen, because that Kuang Soaring died, so this time Second Senior Brother’s lineage can pick four people to enter, and Third Senior Brother your lineage picks three, so this is an okay distribution, right?”
Hu Yixiao asked the two elders!
“I have no problem with that!” The second elder nodded his head!
The third elder also nodded after him, “I don’t have a problem with it either.”
The Third Elder knew that even if he had an opinion, it wouldn’t change anything at all!
“Since you don’t have any opinions, then let the people you have selected come out, as long as they pass the test, they will be able to enter the Pill Pond.”
Hu Yixiao said!
Soon, the selected disciples all came forward, the Three Elders’ line were Chen Ping, Liu Ruyan and Fang Shu!
Seeing that the Third Elder had given two of these important places to the newly admitted disciples, many people were a bit puzzled!
At this moment, Hu Yixiao swept a glance at Chen Ping and the three of them, and his eyes unconsciously lingered on Liu Ruyan’s body for a few more moments!
When the Third Elder saw this, he couldn’t help but feel a little worried in his heart, if Liu Ruyan’s identity was discovered, it would be troublesome!
But soon, Hu Yixiao’s gaze moved away from Liu Ruyan’s body, and then asked the Third Elder, “Third Senior Brother, such an important quota, you actually gave it to a new disciple, don’t cause discontent among the old disciples!”
“Thank you for reminding me, those disciples of mine don’t have any discontent.”
Third Elder said indifferently!
Hu Yixiao looked at the Third Elder and didn’t say anything, but waved his hand and said “Alright, those disciples who are out of line, can enter the medicine pool, if anyone hurries that they are not feeling well, or are not capable enough, they can now withdraw.”
“If you enter the barrier, it will be impossible to withdraw. If you force yourselves to enter the medicinal pool because you are not capable enough, and any accidents occur, you will be responsible for yourselves!”
But these words were just words, not a single person would quit, this was something that many Jade Tripod Sect disciples dreamed of, even if they really died inside, no one would quit!
Chen Ping swept a glance at the disciples of Hu Yixiao’s lineage and unexpectedly found that Nie Heng, who was the eldest disciple, was not among them, which surprised Chen Ping!
Perhaps Nie Heng had brought himself into the Jade Tripod Sect, causing Hu Yixiao to become somewhat annoyed, so he had cancelled Nie Heng’s place!