Ji Yun watched Chen Ping behead those dead corpses by himself and wanted to go forward to help, but was stopped by Chen Ping!
It wasn’t as if Ji Yun could absorb the Dao Fury Qi, so it would be a shame to behead these dead corpses!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not allow himself to take action, Ji Yun could only watch anxiously from the sidelines!
On the other hand, that Elder Qi and Li Xing were looking smug!
“Elder Qi, I really didn’t expect you to have this kind of skill, hurry up and make more dead corpses come to life and wear this guy out alive!”
Li Xing said happily from the side!
Elder Qi smiled and nodded, reciting incantations under his breath, the Soul Attracting Streamer in his hand constantly waving!
Large swathes of dead corpses, continuously rose from the ground, and then headed towards Chen Ping!
Soon, the dead corpses on the ground had all almost come to life once more!
However, Chen Ping was still fighting hard with the Dragon Slashing Sword, and did not see any signs of his power slowing down!
At this time, Elder Qi’s brow was slightly furrowed, and cold sweat was pouring from his forehead!
He had catalysed the Soul Drawing Streamer, consuming quite a bit of his own Dao Fury Qi, yet he found that Chen Ping was actually still holding on.
Chen Ping saw that Elder Qi had slowed down and seemed to be somewhat unable to hold on, so he shouted “Oops …………”
Chen Ping pretended to be given a hard impact by that dead body, and his entire body flew backwards towards the back!
“Mr Chen …………”
Seeing this, Ji Yun rushed over and nervously helped Chen Ping up!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?” Ji Yun checked Chen Ping’s injuries!
Chen Ping smiled faintly towards Ji Yun and said, “I’m fine, I deliberately pretended, you also pretended that I was seriously injured …….”
Ji Yun froze, not understanding what Chen Ping meant by this, but still did as Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, you’re injured, your breath is so weak ah, don’t fight anymore, let’s go quickly ……”
Ji Yun helped Chen Ping up, then said loudly!
“No go, I want to kill all these dead bodies ……”
Chen Ping pushed Ji Yun away, then rushed up again with the Dragon Slashing Sword!
However, this time, Chen Ping was obviously moving slower and looked breathless!
“Elder Qi, this brat can’t hold on much longer, putting in more effort ……”
Seeing this, Li Xing hurriedly said to Elder Qi!
Seeing this, Elder Qi also had some in his heart, so he once again exploded the dao patterned baleful qi in his body and continuously waved the soul inducing streamer!
Just like that, another hour had passed!
Chen Ping seemed to be slow, but those dead corpses had no way to get close, every time they looked at Chen Ping they were about to fall, but Chen Ping just wouldn’t fall!
As for that Elder Qi, his face was flushed red and he was clenching his teeth in death, urging so many dead corpses to revive had long ago caused him to almost exhaust his stamina!
The current Elder Qi was just holding on, he wanted to see who would fall first between him and Chen Ping!
Another half an hour had passed, Elder Qi’s breath had weakened to the extreme, and the Soul Drawing Streamer in his hand had slowly lost its lustre!
The entire person suddenly collapsed with a wither!
“Elder Qi ……”
Seeing this, Li Xing hurriedly helped that Elder Qi up!
Elder Qi was panting heavily, as if he had just experienced a vicious battle!
“Elder Qi, hurry up and continue, that Chen Ping is obviously going to be unable to support himself.”
Li Xing urged!
Elder Qi waved his hand “Gongzi, I don’t have the strength anymore, after half a day, that guy still looks like he’s going to die, he just won’t fall down ……”
Chen Ping saw that Elder Qi had reached his limit, the corner of his mouth hooked up in an arc, his body’s aura instantly erupted, holding the Dragon Chopper Sword, chopping down some of the last of the dead coefficients!
Seeing Chen Ping’s sudden aura having exploded out of his body, Elder Qi and Li Xing were all stunned!
After decapitating all the dead corpses, Chen Ping walked towards the two with a cold smile on his face!
“You …… you actually still have power?”
Elder Qi said as he looked at Chen Ping in shock!