The golden light slashed onto the Black Iron Centipede’s exoskeleton. Surprisingly, it sparked and only left a shallow white mark on it.
“So hard!”
Chen Ping was secretly surprised in his heart. Immediately, he changed strategy and infused baleful energy into the sword body.
“So hard!” Hu Mazi was also surprised upon seeing this. Afterwards, with a face full of envy, he said. “If my fellow were this hard, that would be great!”
“Fuck…” Chen Ping glared at Hu Mazi!
But Mo Chen did not even understand what Hu Mazi was saying. He slashed a sword towards the Black Iron Centipede!
The pitch-black sword beam descended and easily cut open the Black Iron Centipede’s exoskeleton.
Green poisonous liquid sprayed out. However, it was blocked outside by the baleful energy barrier.
“Their abdomens are the weak points!” Mo Chen’s voice came from above. He had already flown into mid-air on his sword. The long sword transformed into sword shadows filling the sky and specifically targeted the soft abdomens of the Black Iron Centipedes.
Hu Mazi then took out a porcelain bottle and poured out dozens of yellow pills.
The pills exploded upon hitting the ground and turned into yellow smoke.
When the Black Iron Centipedes touched the smoke, their bodies immediately began to melt. They emitted piercing shrieks.
“This is the Corpse Melting Pill. It’s most effective against poisonous insects!” Hu Mazi shouted proudly.
Chen Ping did not expect that Hu Mazi actually had such a good thing in his hands!
Chen Ping felt he could not fall behind. Simply, he condensed the baleful energy into dozens of black threads. Like spirit snakes, they shot towards the caves on the cliffs.
The black threads drilled into the caves. Immediately, successive shrieking sounds came from inside. Soon, they fell silent.
“Done?” Hu Mazi asked in surprise.
“Used baleful energy to block their nests,” Chen Ping retracted the black threads. “Temporarily, no new poisonous insects will come out.”
The three quickened their pace through the canyon. Suddenly, the view opened up before them.
A valley covering ten thousand acres appeared in front. In the valley grew various strangely shaped poisonous herbs. Colourful miasma rolled in the valley. Vaguely, a black palace could be seen standing in the centre.
“That is the core of the Ten Thousand Poisons Valley, the Ten Thousand Poisons Hall,” Mo Chen pointed at the palace and said. “The valley master, Ten Thousand Poisons Child, should be inside.”
Just at this moment, a sinister voice came from the depths of the poisonous herbs. “Three things that don’t know death. You dare to闯 into my Ten Thousand Poisons Valley?”
As the voice sounded, dozens of cultivators in black robes walked out from the poisonous herbs.
Each of them had a sinister complexion. In their hands, they carried gourds filled with poisonous liquid. The leader was a one-eyed old man. His face was covered with snake-scale-like patterns.
“It’s the enforcement elder of the Ten Thousand Poisons Valley, Snake Elder.” Mo Chen said in a low voice. “His Snake Shedding Technique has already reached the seventh level. His whole body is impervious to blades and spears.”
Snake Elder scanned the three with his remaining single eye. When he saw Chen Ping, a trace of greed flashed in his eye. “Such rich yin baleful energy. Just right to feed my Thousand Feet Snake.”
He untied a black cloth bag from his waist and opened the bag mouth.
A foul stench assaulted the nostrils. A black snake as thick as a water bucket drilled out from the bag. Its body was covered densely with feet. Each foot had barbs.
“This is the Thousand Feet Snake King. It has the strength of Earth Immortal realm fifth grade.” Mo Chen said.
The Thousand Feet Snake King spat out its forked tongue. Its scarlet eyes stared fixedly at Chen Ping. It seemed extremely interested in the baleful energy on his body.
Chen Ping gripped the Dragon Slaying Sword tightly. The spiritual power and baleful energy in his body circulated at high speed. “Quick battle, quick decision. Don’t let them alarm Ten Thousand Poisons Child.”
Before the words fell, Snake Elder had already ordered. “Get them for me! Bring them back alive. I want them to taste the flavour of being devoured by ten thousand poisons!”
The black-robed cultivators all urged their gourds. Green poisonous liquid shot out like fountains. In the air, it converged into a huge poison net and enveloped towards the three.
Hu Mazi was prepared early and activated ten golden talismans.
The talismans formed a golden Eight Trigrams array in the air. The poisonous liquid fell on the array and made “sizzle” sounds. However, it could not penetrate the formation.
“Break!”
Mo Chen’s figure was like lightning. The long sword turned into a streak of flowing light. In an instant, it pierced the throats of three black-robed cultivators.
Those people did not even see clearly how the sword fell until death.