Sun Moon City’s side hall!
Lin Ke Dong was also holding the Execution Order in his hands, and excitement was written all over his face!
Behind Lin Ke Dong was a woman dressed in white, with long hair draped over her shoulders, her face was cool, and she was holding a long sword with a sheath in her left hand!
“Ruoya, one hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, this is a large amount of resources ……”
Lin Ke Dong did not turn around, his voice was slightly excited as he said to the woman behind him!
“Great Prince, it’s hard to say whether these ten halls can come up with 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, not to mention that the Emperor has ordered that none of you are allowed to be out of Sun Moon City.”
“The Ladder of Ascension will soon descend, the Emperor has asked you to step up your preparations so that you can have some experience in the Ladder of Ascension.”
Lin Ruoya whispered!
“Hmph, Father Emperor just told us to prepare, but he didn’t give me any resources at all, so how can I prepare?”
“That Lin Ke Ting has been imprisoned, yet he is able to have someone send resources to cultivate every day, Father Emperor is too biased.”
Lin Ke Dong snorted coldly, very dissatisfied!
“Great Prince, the resources of Sun Moon City are drying up day by day, and the Emperor has no choice, that’s why he has asked you to prepare, and when the Staircase of Ascending Heaven descends, you will immediately go to the Staircase of Ascending Heaven to train.”
“And this Ten Temples’ execution order, I’m afraid that it’s simply a conspiracy, if the Ten Temples’ people don’t have the means to kill this Chen Ping, then how can we be an opponent?”
“But if the Ten Temples’ were able to kill that Chen Ping, why would they need to take out 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones? This is a complete paradox.”
“What’s more, those people from the Ten Temples are all incredibly arrogant and have no credibility to speak of, so it’s better for the Great Prince not to be moved.”
Lin Ruoya persuaded Lin Ke Dong, analysing the pros and cons of the Execution Order for him!
“I don’t care if that Ten Temples has any credibility, but if I kill that Chen Ping, and the people of the Ten Temples dare not give me the Immortal Spirit Stones, then I’ll lead the Sun Moon City’s forbidden guards, and level the Ten Temples in one fell swoop.”
“Don’t forget that the commander’s token of the Forbidden Guards is in my hands now, and Father has placed me in charge of the Forbidden Guards.”
“One hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, it’s enough for me to break through the Immortalisation Realm and become the number one in terms of battle prowess amongst all the Imperial Princes.”
Lin Ke Dong’s eyes flashed with greed!
Although he was the eldest prince, his natural talent was not very strong, so he was only at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm now, and had not been able to break through to the Immortalisation Realm for many years!
On the other hand, amongst their many princes, some had already broken through to the Immortalisation Realm, especially the oldest four, Lin Kefan, who had already stepped into the Immortalisation Realm for many years!
The two of them had never seen eye to eye, Lin Ke Dong as the eldest prince, although he was able to use his status as an elder brother to suppress others, but his strength was not as good as that of the other party, so Lin Kefan also simply looked down on him!
This was a knot in Lin Ke Dong’s heart, so he had always wanted to surpass Lin Kefan, it was just that the more anxious he was, the less he was able to break through to the Immortalisation Realm!
This kind of great realm advancement required natural talent, strength, and opportunity, one could not be achieved without the other!
“Great Prince, you ……”
“Don’t say any more, my mind is made up, I must go and kill that Chen Ping and get this 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones.”
“If you are willing to accompany me, then go with me, if you are not willing to accompany me, stay in the city, but never allow to talk to father about it.”
Lin Ke Dong threatened Lin Ruoya!
“I am willing to follow!”
Seeing this, Lin Ruoya could only helplessly lower her head!
As Lin Ke Dong’s personal maid, how could she not follow Lin Ke Dong!
“That’s right, when I inherit the throne, I will then enthrone you as a concubine, and also give you your own identity, so you don’t have to be a maid.”
Lin Ke Dong grabbed Lin Ruoya’s hand, then groped it!
Lin Ruoya’s face was expressionless as she allowed Lin Ke Dong to roam around her body and finally pressed herself underneath her!
There was nothing she could do, who made her a Lin Family sidekick, after a Lin Family sidekick like them, they would only have the fate of being a personal follower by the side of the royal family!