Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
Shi Qingpei, who was the pavilion master, had finally left the pavilion, and in Shi Qingpei’s hand, he was holding a string of bells!
There were three bells in this string, and they were shining with a golden light, looking very beautiful!
But when Shi Qingpei came out of seclusion, he looked at the wrecked Hundred Refinements Pavilion and froze in his tracks!
“Who, who did this?”
Shi Qingpei’s face turned red with anger and he shouted angrily!
One must know that the Hundred Refinement Pavilion had not followed those martial arts sects in the secular world, so there was no conflict!
And those clans and families in the Secret Realm, when they came to the Secular Realm, would all be suppressed by the laws of Heaven and Earth, and wouldn’t dare to make trouble!
Although there were quite a few Secret Realm clans that wanted the Hundred Refinements Pavilion’s Heavenly Gift Order, Shi Qingpei would not sell it, and it was because of the Heavenly Gift Order that those Secret Realm clans had great respect for the Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
But now, Shi Qingpei had just come out of seclusion and saw that his Hundred Refinements Pavilion was in shambles, how could he not be angry!
“Dad, you’ve finally come out of seclusion ……”
Seeing this, Shi Yan was full of aggression and his eyes were filled with hot tears as he pounced over!
“Yan’er, what the hell is going on here?”
Shi Qingpei asked with a cold face.
“Dad, it’s better to let Yan Lao tell you!” Shi Yan knew that his own words were not as heavy as Yan Lao’s, so that was why he let Yan Lao speak!
“Pavilion Master, while you were in seclusion, there was a brat called Chen Ping who wanted to borrow the Heaven’s Opportunity Order.”
“I told him that the Heavenly Opportunity Order is the treasure of our Hundred Refinement Pavilion, it is not lent out, and it is stored by the Pavilion Master, and we don’t know where it is.”
“But that Chen Ping didn’t believe it at all, and made a scene in our Hundred Refinements Pavilion, and killed several of our people, and even beat up the young Pavilion Master.”
Yan Lao told what had happened!
But that Yan Lao didn’t know much, and was all listening to that Shi Yan’s side of the story!
“Chen Ping?” Shi Qingpei’s murderous aura filled his body, “Could this fellow be that powerful? Are all the people of our Hundred Refinements Pavilion vegetarians?”
Shi Qingpei questioned with dissatisfaction, while that Yan Lao said, “Pavilion Master, I’m afraid that Chen Ping has already reached Martial Saint strength, our magic weapons are useless against him ……”
“Hmph, what can Martial Saints do, this time I will close down and refine the Soul Invocation Bell, even if a Martial Saint is in front of me, he will be obedient ……”
Shi Qingpei said with a disdainful expression as he held the bell in his hand.
“Pavilion Master, you have really practiced the Soul Invoking Bell, this time we don’t have to fear anyone in the Hundred Refinement Pavilion.”
“When the soul beckoning bell rings, the king of hell will tremble three times ah ……”
Yan Lao said with a face full of surprise.
“Dad, that Chen Ping will definitely come again, you must take revenge on me and clean up this guy properly!”
Shi Yan said loudly.
Now that his own father was out of the gate, Shi Yan’s heart had strength!
“Don’t worry about it, as long as he dares to come, I will make him pay for it, no one has dared to cause trouble in my Hundred Refinements Pavilion yet.”
A cold look flashed in Shi Qingpei’s eyes, but soon, he seemed to think of something and asked, “This Chen Ping sounds familiar, isn’t he the one who wiped out the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance?”
“Yes, that’s him, the people from the Demon Heart Sect are still hunting this guy all the time.”
Shi Yan nodded and said.
Hearing this, Shi Qingpei’s brow furrowed slightly, “I heard that this guy, who is very much rewarded by Mr. Shi, has also established one of the largest Dragon Sects in Kyoto!”
“Who cares who appreciates him, this guy is holding an ordinary broken brush and telling me it’s a token from Mr. Shi!”
“Let me just throw it at him, it’s just an ordinary brush, token my a*s ……”
“And what that Mr. Shi is, I don’t even know.”
Shi Yan saw his father bring up this matter, so he said with full concern.
Shi Yan didn’t care, but Shi Qingpei did, and after hearing that Chen Ping had Mr. Shi’s brush in his hand, Shi Qingpei’s face instantly changed!
“Dad, what’s wrong with you, you’re not going to let that Chen Ping go just because of a brush, are you?”
Shi Yan hurriedly asked.
“Don’t worry, I have the measure ……”
After saying that, Shi Qingpei turned around and left.