“You, a small cultivator of the first grade of the Transition Realm, dare to make a move against me, do you want to find death?”
Fu Nai Si glared viciously at Chen Ping, but she did not make a move!
It was because she knew that that Hai Ander was chasing after her, so she could not waste time on Chen Ping!
After threatening Chen Ping, Fu Naisi jumped up and wanted to escape!
However, Chen Ping followed suit and leapt up, and the Dragon Slashing Sword instantly cut out a complete sword aura, stopping Fu Nai Si!
“Brat, you’re looking for death ……”
Fu Nais was furious and was about to make a move against Chen Ping!
But before Fu Nais could make her move, Hai Ande had already chased out!
Seeing that Hai Ande had chased out, Fu Nais could only focus on Hai Ande!
Seeing that Chen Ping had helped himself to stop Fu Nai Si, Hai Ande smiled faintly and said “Little Taoist friend, thank you for helping me to stop this person, in a moment, I will kill her and send you some Immortal Mines as a token of appreciation.”
Hai Ande finished, his eyes coldly looked towards Fu Nai Si said “Stinking b*tch, you can’t escape, obediently hand over that treasure bead, for the sake of the two of us double cultivation for so many years, I can spare you from death ……”
“I bah, you don’t dream, whoever gets this treasure pearl is whoever gets it, you want to take it away from me, let’s see if you have that ability.”
Fu Nai Si spat and got ready to attack!
“It seems like you’re toast to the idea ……”
After Hayander finished speaking, he pulled out a black token from his body, and then recited the words under his breath “Holy order out, heaven and earth will be executed ……”
Only to see from the body of Hai Ande, a Yin Qi was sucked into the token!
Seeing this scene, Fu Nai Si almost didn’t bite her back teeth!
One must know that the two had just had a dual cultivation and were feeding off each other!
All of this yin qi was sucked by Hayander from himself!
Hai Ande threw the token in his hand, and immediately let out a roar, followed by the token heading towards Fu Nai Si!r>
The token continued to grow in size, and in the end, it actually covered the sky!
For her part, Fu Nai Si instantly struck several rays of light, but when she struck that token, she had no reaction!
Seeing this, Fu Naisi’s face became very frightened, and her body kept retreating, wanting to dodge the token’s attack!
Unfortunately, as soon as Fu Nais retreated, the Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand directly chopped out!
It was impossible for Chen Ping to watch Fu Nais flee, after all, this guy was still holding his Wind Stabilising Bead in his hand!
After all, this guy was still holding his Wind Stabilising Pearl in his hands!
When Fu Naisi saw Chen Ping taking advantage of the fire, she was furious and cursed “Little brat, I’ll kill you ……”.
But just as Fu Nais was about to make a move on Chen Ping, the token came crashing down!
Pay Ness was already too late to dodge, and was directly slapped to death by that token!
Until her death, Fu Naisi’s eyes were staring at Chen Ping in death!
Seeing Fu Nais dead, Hai Ande beckoned and the token returned to his hand!
However, it was obvious that Hai Ande’s essence had withered a lot!
It looked like using this token had caused Hai Ande to consume a lot, and coupled with the injuries on his body, he was now very weak!
Fortunately, Chen Ping was only a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, so Hai Ande was not afraid at all!
Even though he was particularly weak right now, it was still more than enough to deal with a Transition Realm 1st Grade cultivator!
Fu Nai Si died, and the Wind Stabilising Bead rolled out from her body!
Chen Ping bent down and picked up the Wind Stabilising Pearl!
Seeing this, Hai Ande then turned to Chen Ping and said “Little Taoist friend, that is my treasure pearl, it was stolen by this smelly b*tch, you return that pearl to me.”
“I won’t treat you badly for the favour you did me just now, I’ve mined quite a lot of this Immortal Mine, feel free to take as much as you need.”
Hai Ande wanted Chen Ping to return that Wind Setting Pearl to him!
Only Chen Ping did not pay any attention to him, but directly put the Wind Fixing Pearl back into his storage ring!