Only to see these breaths converge towards the Dragon Slaying Sword as if they were flowing water!
Ning Zhi looked at the sword, his entire body was dumbfounded, his pupils contracted, and his heart was appalled!
One must know that just now, that Ten Thousand Swords Returning, although Chen Ping was very powerful, but Chen Ping had clearly not been able to reach the maximum intensity when he had executed it!
However, this sword, that Heaven Cutting Sword Mantle, gave Ning Zhi a terrifying threat of death!
“Chen Ping, just how many more sword arts of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect do you know? Could you be a direct disciple of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect?”
“These are the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s best techniques, it’s impossible for you, an outsider, to learn them.”
“When exactly did you steal and learn them?”
Ning Zhi was all a bit baffled at the moment, loudly questioning Chen Ping!
“If I were to tell you that I just learnt these Ten Thousand Swords Sect sword arts, would you believe me?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
Ning Zhi froze, then as if he understood, “Could it be that the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manuals are already in your hands? You saved that Zhu Qingxiu, also for the secret manual, right?”
Ning Zhi figured out at this time that Chen Ping definitely had the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manual in his hands!
As long as one’s talent was superior, after one’s divine sense swept through the secret manuals, all those sword techniques would appear in one’s sea of consciousness!
As long as one’s talent is superior, after one’s divine sense is swept through the manual, all those sword arts will appear in one’s sea of consciousness, and one can learn a few moves by following the instructions of a cat and a tiger.
But it was just that the power wasn’t up to the top yet!
Ning Zhi believed that if he got the secret manual of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, he would also be able to instantly learn the sword techniques in it!
“Bullshit, I’m not as nasty as you think, this secret manual was personally given to me by that Zhu Qingxiu.”
“Just suffer death, there’s no time to beep with you ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand chopped down in a smooth manner!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi didn’t dare to have the slightest hesitation, and even directly took out that furnace pot, and in an instant, the furnace pot directly exploded, and endless flame breath flew up in the sky!
Chen Ping looked at such a good furnace cauldron, but was actually burst open by this guy Ning Zhi, he was immediately heartbroken, he still wanted to snatch it!
“Master, save me ……”
Only to see Ning Zhi shouting out in the midst of that flame breath that burst open!
Just as Ning Zhi finished shouting, a figure even faintly appeared in that endless flame breath!
The figure was Master Shifu’s blur, and one couldn’t even tell if it was male or female!
Just the moment the figure appeared, Chen Ping felt an unprecedented pressure!
A huge palm slapped towards Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw this, his brows tightly furrowed, but that sword also chopped down towards that huge palm!
Boom!
Seeing Chen Ping’s sword chopping, Ning Zhi was really a little scared, but Chen Ping’s sword was gently blocked by that huge palm!
Only a loud bang could be heard, and the sword aura that Chen Ping had erupted from was directly split into pieces.
With this single strike, Chen Ping discovered the gap between himself following that figure!
Obviously, the other party had come as a projection, so their strength could never be fully exploded!
But even so, Chen Ping did not even have the power to land a single blow in front of the other person!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi was overjoyed, and seeing Chen Ping’s deflated appearance, he roared out, “Master, kill him, kill him now ……”
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, his body backed up rapidly, and his face became very ugly!
“Senior, I’m afraid that I really need you to step in this time, otherwise I’m going to be finished ……”
Chen Ping could only beg the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to step in!
Otherwise, with this amount of skill he had, he would have been slapped to death with a single slap!
“Hahaha, you’ve finally thought about it, don’t worry, even though this old thing is just a projected shadow, I’ve caused his main body to suffer a heavy blow.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord laughed and instantly took over Chen Ping’s body!
“Master, don’t hesitate, kill him ……”
Ning Zhi was still urging his master!
But that virtual shadow’s voice trembled at this time, “Shut up for me, that kid unexpectedly has a strong aura on him, quickly run ……”
With a wave of his big hand, the virtual shadow directly wrapped Ning Zhi and instantly disappeared into that endless flame aura!
“Shit, how the fuck did he run away, old man hasn’t even moved his muscles yet ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord was in a hurry and cursed!