Germanium Lushan!
Zhu Qingxiu carefully searched for the Divine Muscle Grass, because only by finding the Divine Muscle Grass could Chen Ping cure her burnt face!
What girl doesn’t love beauty? Zhu Qingxiu was no exception!
But just as Zhu Qingxiu was carefully searching for the Divine Muscle Grass, suddenly several figures quickly came towards her!
Zhu Qingxiu’s face immediately tightened and her expression became nervous!
Taking out her sword in her hand, Zhu Qingxiu stood at attention!
She didn’t know what exactly these few people were doing, Zhu Qingxiu didn’t dare to be careless!
Only when a few silhouettes approached, Zhu Qingxiu’s expression changed from nervousness to excitement!
“Eldest Senior Brother?”
Zhu Qingxiu put away his longsword and shouted at the middle-aged man at the head of the several people!
It turned out that these few people were all from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, and among them, that middle-aged man at the head was Zhu Qingxiu’s Eldest Senior Brother, Fan Xianbo.
Seeing this, the few people also quickly landed in front of Zhu Qingxiu!
“You are?”That middle-aged man in the lead took a glance at Zhu Qingxiu and said with a puzzled face!
“Eldest senior brother, it’s me? I’m Qingxiu……”
Zhu Qingxiu hurriedly removed the mask from his face!
Although she had been scalded, her appearance hadn’t changed much though, just more scars on her face!
“Senior sister Qingxiu?”
That Fan Xianbo was not thrilled upon seeing Zhu Qingxiu, instead, his face was filled with surprise, and a hint of panic flashed in the depths of his eyes.
“Eldest senior brother, I really didn’t expect you to still be alive, I thought that our Ten Thousand Swords Sect had no one left.”
“How is Master, his old man? Since you’re still alive, then isn’t Master okay as well?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked excitedly!
Fan Xianbo, on the other hand, shook his head, “Master his old man died in battle a long time ago, and there aren’t many people left in the Ten Thousand Swords Sect.”
“Senior sister Qingxiu, how did you escape? And what’s with this face of yours?”
“Eldest senior brother, my master gave me the Jade Brief Secrets of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect and escorted me to escape from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, but that Demon Sealing Alliance’s people have been catching up behind me all this time, so I had no choice but to run to the top of the Dead Sea, but I didn’t want to sear myself and get into this state.”
Zhu Qingxiu truthfully said after Fan Xianbo!
“What? That jade secret scroll is in your hands?”Fan Xianbo had a surprised look on his face, then whispered, “No wonder I didn’t find the Jade Brief Secrets even after searching for half a day in the sect ……”
“Eldest Senior Brother, what are you saying again?”Zhu Qingxiu didn’t hear clearly and asked!
“Oh, nothing!”Fan Xianbo hurriedly smiled and said, “Senior sister, is that Jade Brief Book of Secrets still on you? Take it out and let me take a look, as long as the Jade Brief Secrets are there, our Ten Thousand Swords Sect can be revitalised.”
Hearing Fan Xianbo’s words, Zhu Qingxiu frowned and said with some disbelief, “Eldest senior brother, that Jade Brief Book of Secrets is not allowed to be shown to the public, this is our Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s ancestral motto, you wouldn’t be unaware of that, would you?”
“Know, of course I know, I’m just worried about that Jade Simplified Book of Secrets, so I casually asked.”
“As long as the Jade Brief Secrets are fine, together we can revitalise the Ten Thousand Swords Sect.”
Seeing this, Fan Xianbo hurriedly changed his words!
However, at this moment, Zhu Qingxiu had already begun to be a little suspicious of his Eldest Senior Brother!
“Eldest senior brother, how did you guys escape?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked!
“We also took advantage of the chaos to escape, and found a place to hide, which is why we weren’t killed.”
Fan Xianbo said.
“Then what are you guys doing here in Germanium Lushan?”Zhu Qingxiu continued to ask!
“A vision appeared in this Germanium Lu Mountain, we just came over to try our luck and see if we could find some resources and treasures.”
“The Ten Thousand Swords Sect has become like this, we senior brothers also have to continue to survive ah.”
“What are you doing here, senior sister? It seems like this place is quite far from Zhu Jia Town too!”
Fan Xianbo asked!