“No need to shout, he will die this time, it will be your turn next.”
“This time, you can taste my brother at the same time ……”
The man said as he walked towards Liu Rui!
And Liu Rui turned her head away from the man and kept backing up!
“How dare you believe that I am dead?”
At that moment, Chen Ping’s voice came slowly from behind her!
The man was stunned and looked back to find that Chen Ping had not suffered the slightest injury, except for the disappearance of his unbreakable golden body!
“How is this …… possible? How come you didn’t die?”
The man’s face was full of incredulity.
“Mr. Chen ……”
Liu Rui saw that Chen Ping was fine and hurriedly ran to hide behind Chen Ping!
“I told you, you are just rubbish, if you are killed, won’t I have no face?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“That’s impossible, absolutely impossible, who the hell are you?”
The man shouted at Chen Ping and questioned him.
“If you want to know who I am, go to hell and ask the king of hell. ……”
The man’s body was in front of the man’s face in an instant.
The man was so shocked that his body quickly retreated backwards, but unfortunately he was not as fast as Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s fist grew bigger and bigger and smashed into the man!
Seeing this, the man’s body suddenly turned into a black mist, and the two bodies of the Black and White Imperator were placed in front of Chen Ping’s face!
“Want to escape?”
Looking at the black mist, Chen Ping leapt after him!
Chen Ping’s body glowed with golden light and his speed was as fast as lightning, he instantly caught up with the black fog and went straight through it!
The black fog transformed into a human figure again and said with a cold smile, “I don’t have a real body now, you can’t hurt me ……”
“If I can’t hurt you, then I’ll eat you ……”
After Chen Ping finished, his abdomen sunk straight down, and his mouth snapped open, and a huge suction force went towards the figure!
This time, the figure panicked, feeling the huge suction force, desperately trying to break free, but simply can not break free!
“No, don’t kill us, just don’t kill us, we’ll agree to anything you want!”
At that moment, the figure spoke up.
The voices of the Black and White Irregulars came out of the shadows’ mouths, two men who were dead in body but still had their souls!
“Now you remember to beg for mercy, but unfortunately it is too late ……”
Chen Ping did not let them go, but directly sucked the black mist and their souls into his body!
The black fog was sucked into the bodies of the two men!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping looked at Liu Rui and said.
Liu Rui nodded and followed closely behind Chen Ping, slowly heading deeper into the forest!
At that moment, at the far end of the forest, a magnificent palace stood in the air!
Looking at the magnificent palace in front of him, Tong Youcai’s eyes flashed with excitement.
“The remains of the Water Fairy Palace, this should be the remains of the Water Fairy Palace, hahaha …………”
“I’ve found it, I’ve found it at last ……”
Tong Youcai shouted excitedly!
But soon, Tong Youcai’s laughter stopped abruptly, and then his eyes sharply aimed to look deeper into the forest!
“Second young master, what’s wrong?”
A disciple of the Heavenly Thunder Sect stepped forward and asked.
“Someone has come in here again!” Tong Youcai said with a slight frown.
“How can that be? The Third Elder is guarding the outside, those trash from outside the boundary won’t even think about coming in.”
The Heavenly Thunder Sect disciple said.
“It shouldn’t be martial artists from outside the realm, but people from the Hidden Realm, those people from outside the realm can’t have such an aura!”
Tong Youcai’s eyes were slightly glued, and there was a murderous look in his eyes!
“People from the Hidden Realm? Are there people from other sects coming in? I thought the Third Elder would have informed us.”
Another Heavenly Thunder Sect disciple said in surprise.
“Perhaps the Third Elder has met with an untimely death.
The aura in Tong Youcai’s eyes was so murderous that his aura continued to rise!