Divine Doctor Liu emptied out the contents of his storage bag in his head, but there was no Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng inside!
“Take a look, see if there’s a Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng inside, I’ve been practicing medicine for dozens of years and no one has ever questioned me like this.”
Divine Doctor Liu became more and more agitated as he spoke, yelling at Chen Ping!
This caused Chen Ping to get a little embarrassed, he could be sure that he felt the aura of Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng on that Divine Doctor Liu!
However, right now, there was no Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, and the aura of the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was no longer present on that Divine Doctor Liu!
“Divine Doctor Liu, don’t be angry, we believe in you ……”
Patriarch Jiang comforted Divine Doctor Liu and then gave a wink, allowing Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian to take Chen Ping away!
Chen Ping was Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian’s saviour!
Divine Doctor Liu was Patriarch Jiang’s saviour!
Right now, Patriarch Jiang didn’t want to offend anyone, after all, they weren’t backstabbers!
It was only because of the peculiar technique they cultivated that they suffered ostracism from the crowd, which led them to run deep into the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Patriarch Jiang sent Divine Doctor Liu away, while Chen Ping had a helpless look on his face!
It was because he could see it, but there was no way to prove it!
Patriarch Jiang was at the end of his lifespan decline, not having a disease, and there was nothing Chen Ping could do about it!
One must know that cultivators also had a lifespan limit, not something that would live forever and live with the heavens!
The current Patriarch Jiang was only at the strength of the Ferrying Realm, and his lifespan decline had arrived, so it was normal for his body to be weak, it was not a disease!
“Patriarch Jiang, if you burn your longevity now, you really won’t live for more than three days, if you stop burning your longevity now, you will still be able to hold on for a while, perhaps during this time I will be able to find out a way to help you pass the longevity decline period.”
After that Patriarch Jiang returned from seeing off Divine Doctor Liu, Chen Ping said anxiously!
“Mr Cheng, I appreciate your good intentions, if I really have reached the Longevity Decay Stage, then it is also my destiny’s initiative, there is nothing to regret.”
Patriarch Jiang smiled faintly, then turned to Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian and said “You two accompany Mr Cheng to casually walk around the clan, when it’s night time, I’ll be entertaining Mr Cheng.”
“Got it, Master ……”
Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian nodded and then left with Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was helpless, since they were not afraid of death themselves, why should he still chase after them!
Chen Ping followed Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian out of the room!
The Soul Demon Sect wasn’t very big or brilliant, so it wasn’t much better!
It was only that Patriarch Jiang used this to shut Chen Ping up!
“Mr Cheng, although our Soul Demon Sect is not big, there is a place that you should like!”
After walking out of the room, Jiang Yulian said to Chen Ping!
“What place?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Wait until you will know!”
Jiang Yulian smiled faintly and sold a secret!
Chen Ping did not pursue the question, so he followed behind Jiang Yulian!
“Senior sister, are you taking Mr Cheng to see the Soul Flower?”
Zheng Jian asked to Jiang Yulian!
“Aiya, senior brother you’re really boring, I’ve said that I’m giving Mr Cheng a surprise and you’re still saying it, it’s really annoying ……”
Jiang Yulian stomped her foot and pouted her lips in anger!
“It’s so beautiful …………”
At this time, Ochre Yan, who was in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, suddenly sighed!
It turned out that this guy had been looking at Jiang Yulian with infatuation!
Jiang Yulian suddenly blushed, then glanced at Chen Ping and said “Mr Cheng, are you …… that residual soul friend in your body, peeking at me?”
Chen Ping froze, then understood that this Soul Demon Sect was mainly about studying souls, so Ochre Yan’s sentence in his sea of consciousness was so beautiful that Jiang Yulian heard it!
“Miss Jiang, my friend didn’t mean to offend, he only admired Miss Jiang after seeing her, he said he hadn’t seen a girl as beautiful as you!”
Chen Ping rushed to help Ochre Yan and said!