The group walked down the steps towards the magnificent hall and soon arrived in the hall!
I don’t know how many years this Water Fairy Palace has been here, but when they entered the hall, it was still in perfect condition, and all the furnishings were in order, it didn’t look like it hadn’t been used for many years!
They were all shocked by the cleanliness of the hall, but the quietness of the hall didn’t let them down, as often the quieter and safer the place, the more dangerous it was!
“Stay behind me, so that you don’t touch the formation mechanism ……”
Leng Yun was walking slowly with the compa*s in his hand.
The compa*s shone with light, and a needle was reflected in the void, guiding the way!
The crowd pa*sed through the hall in this way, without any danger, which made everyone breathe a little easier!
However, they were a little disappointed that they had not found any treasures in the hall, despite the dangers!
They had ventured here to get the treasure!
After pa*sing through the hall, there was a long tunnel, which was only three to four metres wide, with rows of houses on either side.
The doors of the houses were closed, and although many people were curious to know what was inside them, no one dared to open them easily!
But soon after they had entered the tunnel, the doors of the houses on either side suddenly opened themselves.
The sound of the door opening startled everyone, and they all looked on alert as if they were facing a great enemy!
“Mr. Chen, I’m afraid that a deadly array has been set up here ……”
The first time I heard the sound of the door, I was scared.
“Miss Liu, watch me later, if things go wrong, run out with me immediately!”
Chen Ping barked at Liu Rui!
Chen Ping could see that although the place seemed quiet, there were dark currents!
Soon, from both sides of the house, a gust of wind was coming out, and the appearance of the wind made the already nervous crowd even more nervous!
Leng Yun stopped and frowned slightly: “Be careful, there is a great formation of life and death here, don’t move around!”
Tong Youzao looked at his spell masters, and they nodded: “Second young master, be careful, we also feel that it is very dangerous here!”
At this moment, everyone looked at the houses on either side with caution and vigilance, Leng Yun flicked his finger on the compa*s, which flashed an even brighter red light, and suspended the compa*s above everyone’s heads!
“Check the houses on both sides first, don’t go forward yet ……”
Leng Yun said in a loud voice.
The two old men of the Flying Star Sect quickly rushed towards the nearest house.
The people watched quietly, no one moved, they wanted to see if the two old men would be in danger!
After the two old men rushed into the room, there was no movement, no one made a sound, and time pa*sed by.
It was only after five minutes that the two old men came running out, both holding some red-brown stones in their hands.
“Young master, blood soaked stones, this is a treasure ……”
As soon as the two old men came out, they shouted!
These red-brown stones are now emitting a lot of Yin, which should be the result of the gust of wind!
“Go to the other rooms and check ……”
After Leng Yun said that, he himself rushed towards a room!
“Don’t stand still either ……” Tong Youcai saw this and immediately greeted his men to go to the rooms on either side to look for the blood soaked stone.
As they re-entered the houses on either side of the room, the wind whistled even more, and the icy coldness caused Chen Ping’s body to shake slightly!
“Withdraw …………”
The first thing you need to do is to get back to the house.
The old Liu followed closely behind him and also ran out after Chen Ping.
He sensed the danger coming almost at the same time as Chen Ping!