“A teleportation array?Does our Sheng Family still have a teleportation array?”
Sheng Jiahui was also very surprised, knowing that a teleportation array was considered a high-level spell formation!
The Sheng family was afraid that no one would be able to lay down a teleportation array, she didn’t understand how there could be a teleportation array here in the Sheng family’s ancestral house!
Sheng Tiantai did not say anything, but stepped straight into the teleportation array!
Chen Ping glanced at it and followed suit!
Sheng Jiahui followed closely behind!
With the activation of the teleportation array, a light flashed, and Chen Ping and the others unexpectedly appeared in the middle of a huge hall!
“This is a secret shelter for our Sheng Family, for the purpose of being able to escape here when the Sheng Family is in danger.”
When Sheng Tiantai finished speaking, he walked towards the houses on one side!
Chen Ping looked at this shelter in front of him and could not help but feel admiration for the Sheng Family ancestor!
It seemed that the other party had long ago thought of a way out for future generations!
Just as Sheng Tiantai led Chen Ping as they walked to a room, Sheng Tiantai’s face instantly changed when he saw the open door!
Sheng Jiahui glanced at it and then said in surprise, “Second Uncle, where is my father?Did he escape?”
Sheng Tiantai shook his head, “It should be that Ye Liancheng has come, big brother was taken away by Ye Liancheng ……”
“How did the Ye family know about this place?”
Sheng Jiahui was filled with confusion!
Chen Ping then glanced at Sheng Tiantai: “Is it you who told that Ye Liancheng?”
Sheng Tiantai didn’t say anything, but just by looking at the expression on his face, one could assume that he had said it!
“I’m going to save my dad, I’m going to save him ……”
Sheng Jiahui panicked!
If Sheng Bushi was just imprisoned by Sheng Tiantai, Sheng Jiahui wasn’t particularly worried, after all, he knew that it was impossible for Sheng Tiantai to kill Sheng Bushi!
However, when Sheng Bushi arrived at the Ye Family, that was not necessarily the case, originally, the Ye Family had repeatedly persuaded Sheng Bushi to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, and Sheng Bushi had refused!
“Miss Sheng, don’t be impulsive!”
Chen Ping stopped Sheng Jiahui!
“Jiahui, don’t be impulsive, you won’t be able to save big brother even if you go to the Ye family, you’ll still be arrested yourself.”
“The Ye family is not our Sheng family, as the rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, the Ye family has quite a few Transition Realm experts!”
“That Ye Liancheng is said to be at the ninth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, and has even reached peak strength, you going there would still be the same as sending yourself to death!”
Sheng Tiantai persuaded Sheng Jiahui!
Sheng Jiahui’s eyes looked at Sheng Tiantai with anger, gritting her teeth in death, “I hate you, I hate you ……”
Feeling the anger in his niece’s eyes, Sheng Tiantai’s body couldn’t help but tremble slightly!
“Jia Hui, don’t worry, big brother will be fine, that Ye family is just asking us to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, they won’t do anything to big brother.”
“Tomorrow I can personally go to the Ye Family and have that Ye Liancheng release Big Brother back ……”
Sheng Tian Tai still had more trust in the Ye Family right now!
Comparing the two families did not have any grudges, the Ye Family, as a rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, persuading the Sheng Family to join the Demon Sealing Alliance as well was considered to be within the scope of duty!
Even if Sheng Bushi didn’t agree to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, it was unlikely that he would incur the trouble of killing himself!
“Miss Sheng, let’s go back first and then make our plans ……”
Chen Ping pulled Sheng Jiahui, then returned to the Sheng Family through the teleportation array!
Sheng Jiahui’s expression was very low, and worry was written all over her face!
“Eldest Miss, the Ye Family’s people are here, should we make a move?”
Long Bo hurriedly came to report at this moment!
Upon hearing that the Ye family was coming, Sheng Jiahui’s eyes were filled with anger.
They had prepared for half a day, weren’t they waiting for the Ye family?
Now it was just right to arrest these Ye family members and exchange their father back!
“They came just in time, I’m going to arrest all these Ye family members.”
Sheng Jiahui gritted her teeth and was about to rush out in a rage!
“Miss Sheng, we must not follow the Ye family’s moves at this time.”
Chen Ping rushed out to stop Sheng Jiahui!
Sheng Jiahui froze, “Mr Chen, why?Didn’t you also tell us to actively prepare for the war in the beginning?”