Chen Ping only felt a tumbling in his internal organs, and then spat out a mouthful of blood in mid-air!
Chen Ping’s body flew hundreds of metres and then landed directly into the sea, Chen Ping’s body instantly stirred up a wave!
After falling into the sea, Chen Ping’s mind was dizzy and he could see a hazy light in the seawater!
Exhaling violently, Chen Ping swam towards that bright light!
He had deliberately allowed Long Xiao to knock himself down into the sea with a single punch, if not, then Zhu Zhi Shan would definitely have burnt his physical body and even destroyed his firstborn.
Now that Chen Ping had fallen into the sea, he hoped to escape Zhu Zhi Shan’s pursuit!
Just as Chen Ping was getting closer and closer to the light, a huge suction force suddenly sucked Chen Ping’s body in instantly.
Chen Ping’s eyes went black, and then he knew nothing more.
On the shore at this moment, Long Xiao and Zhu Zhishan were all staring at the surface of the sea, trying to see if Chen Ping had come out yet.
But half an hour had pa*sed and the sea was very calm, Chen Ping had fallen into the sea and hadn’t come up at all!
“It’s over, that Chen Ping is dead this time ……”
Long Xiao let out a long breath.
Although martial masters like them, even in the water, could move freely and were able to close their breath for a while!
But to live in the water all the time, that was simply impossible, no one could live in the water all the time.
What’s more, Chen Ping was still seriously injured, so it was impossible for him to stay in the water for long!
But Zhu Zhishan was not as optimistic as Long Xiao, his eyes were fixed on the surface of the sea, and he hoped more than anything that Chen Ping would reveal his head.
Another half an hour had pa*sed and many people had already set up camp, but Zhu Zhishan was still guarding the shore!
“Master Zhu, it’s been so long, that Chen Ping must be dead!”
Long Xiao said to Zhu Zhishan.
“What do you know!” Zhu Zhishan gave Long Xiao a cold look, “Just now I noticed that something was wrong, that Chen Ping had deliberately let you hit him into the sea.”
“Now that he’s fallen into the sea, there’s no way for us to determine whether he’s alive or dead!”
“Master Zhu, you are too careful, aren’t you? Is that Chen Ping not an immortal? He was injured like that, and he still fell into the sea, could he still survive?”
Long Xiao was somewhat dissatisfied with Zhu Zhishan’s accusation!
“Humph, ignorant ……”
Zhu Zhishan snorted coldly, then ordered to Xu Song, “Xu Song, you bring people to search in the sea, see if you can find Chen Ping’s body.”
Xu Song had no choice but to lead his men in a leap into the sea!
But the four of them, after searching in the sea for over an hour, did not see Chen Ping’s body at all.
To find a corpse inside the sea was like finding a needle in a haystack, almost impossible.
“Ally, it’s impossible to find it at all, the area is too big ……”
Xu Song said to Zhu Zhishan.
“Then you guys will stand guard here tonight and see if that Chen Ping will venture out or not ……”
Zhu Zhishan ordered to the four of Xu Song.
The four men had just spent half a day soaking in the sea and were wet and cold, and now they had to keep watch.
But they had no choice but to obey the order, no matter what, the current Zhu Zhishan was still the alliance leader of the Martial Alliance.
Although they knew that Zhu Zhi Shan no longer had any real power, they still had to listen.
With Xu Song’s four men on guard, Zhu Zhishan then left in peace and then found a place to rest.
Without seeing Chen Ping’s body, Zhu Zhishan could not feel at ease and could not sleep at all!
Xu Song and the four of them guarded the shore, their divine sense radiating out to cover a radius of several miles, so that as soon as Chen Ping showed his head, he would be discovered.
But until dawn, there was no sign of Chen Ping, not even a single hair of Chen Ping could be seen!