Hearing Mu Yao’s words, everyone was silent.
They had seen Chen Ping’s strength with their own eyes, and even if they joined forces, they were afraid that Chen Ping would be no match for them!
A hundred years of offering from the Demon Seal Alliance is good, but there is no point in having a life to enjoy!
A moment later, Ouyang Zhenhua spoke up, “You don’t have to sow discord here, we were all saved by Chen, if it wasn’t for him, we might have all died in the beast tide!
If it wasn’t for him, we might have all died in that beast tide, so you want us to take action against Fellow Daoist Chen, you’re delusional.”
“Right, we’re not fools, we won’t make a move against Fellow Daoist Chen.
Your Mu Family is worse than dogs and pigs, you deserve to die.”
‘You still want to confuse us, do you think we’re fools?’
Many cultivators blamed Mu Yao, which made Mu Yao feel extremely embarrassed!
Now, without help, Mu Yao and the others will surely die!
“Do you have any other way to save your life?
Chen Ping coldly looked at Mu Yao and asked!
Mu Yao’s face was red for a while, and his eyes were full of despair!
“Mu Yao, you guys go, don’t worry about me. …”
Mu Naiyi, who had only a remnant soul left, said.
She knows that even if she recovers her body, her life is over, she can’t cultivate her sister!
As a monk, if you can’t cultivate your sister, then what’s the point of living!
“Miss, don’t be angry, I brought the master’s talisman, maybe the master can save us.
Said, that Mu Yao pulled out a rune!
“No, big brother is in seclusion, you now use his life talisman, will disturb his cultivation, not to mention that we are now in the chaotic land, even with big brother’s life talisman, he may not be able to save us.
Even with Big Brother’s Rune, he may not be able to find us.”
Mu Nai Yi saw this and didn’t let Mu Yao use it!
Miss, if we don’t use it, we’ll die for sure, it doesn’t matter if we die, if you die, the head of the family will go crazy.
If you die, the head of the family will go crazy.’ ‘The youngest son has already been killed, if you die, the head of the family will be in despair when he comes out.
Mu Yao persuaded Mu Nai Yi!
Mu Naiyi didn’t speak anymore, while Mu Yao put a spiritual power into the life talisman, and the talisman instantly burned up!
The burning rune emitted a puff of smoke, and immediately in the midst of the smoke, a figure slowly appeared!
‘Master…”
Mu Yao shouted excitedly at the sight of the figure!
Mu Nai Yi was also full of excitement, “Big brother…”
“Little sister, what’s going on? How can you only have a residual soul left, who caused you to be like this?
The Mu family head saw the situation, a face of anger questioned!
Mu Naiyi has not yet opened his mouth, Mu Yao rushed to say: “Master, it is this Chen Ping, the big miss flesh destroyed, he not only destroyed the big miss flesh, but also killed the little son.
He not only destroyed Miss Chen’s body, but also killed the young gentleman.”
‘Missy became like this in order to avenge her son’s death…’
“What? Kui’er is dead?
A terrifying aura instantly erupted from the Mu Family Head!
Although it was only a shadow, that terrifying aura was truly present!
When Mu Yao saw this, the corner of his mouth lifted: “Chen Ping, you are dead, dead for sure…
Chen Ping is a calm face, quietly looking at the Mu family head!
“Kid, you killed my son, hurt my little sister, I want you dead.
The Mu Family Head was furious!
“You don’t feel ashamed, you’re just a shadow, how can you kill me?
Chen Ping looked disdainful!
“Kid, you’re only at the fourth level of the Transition Realm, even if you’re just a shadow, I can still kill you”!
After the Mu family head finished speaking, the killing machine in his eyes rose, and then raised his palm, a mysterious breath, instantly surging out wildly!
Boom!
Between heaven and earth, at this moment, it was as if everything had stopped in an instant, everything was at a standstill!
Whether it’s the chaotic space-time turbulence, the frenzied air around us, or even everyone’s breathing stopped!
It was as if the entire world had frozen!
In this world, only the head of the Mu Family can move, at this moment, it is as if he has become the master!
When the space stopped, a breath came towards Chen Ping.
In the blink of an eye, the aura arrived in front of Chen Ping!