It was only after a while that the crowd reacted!
The appearance of the Domain Lord just now had directly caused the crowd to all fall into a pause of thought!
“Everyone will rest for two days in the Guanghan Palace, and for those who are injured, I will practice pills as soon as possible.”
“The Soul Demon Sect will also reshape the flesh of the remaining soul spirit cultivators as soon as possible!”
Chen Ping said to the crowd!
“Thank you everyone ……”
The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace saluted towards the crowd!
Although these people were all running towards Chen Ping, they had indeed been injured and even sacrificed in order to protect the Guanghan Palace!
“Palace Master, you don’t have to be polite, just take care of settling everyone down!”
“I’m going to go and recover as quickly as possible, there was too much attrition in this battle!”
Chen Ping had followed Mu Qing’s battle and had almost exhausted all kinds of breath energy!
He had to recover as soon as possible and then find a way to ascend a realm within this month before he could do so!
If they couldn’t be promoted, just by relying on their current strength, they were afraid that they wouldn’t be so lucky when they followed that Mu Qing in the competition!
By then, the little Heaven Swallowing Beast wouldn’t necessarily be able to come out, and there was also the domain lord who wouldn’t show up!
“You go, leave this place alone, I will take care of all these people.”
The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace nodded!
Chen Ping went to the backyard of the Guanghan Palace, and then sat cross-legged inside the room, recovering the various strengths within his body!
Especially the three types of Supreme Flames in his body, at this time, the Supreme Flames in Chen Ping’s body were much weaker!
Chen Ping continued to mare those three types of Supreme Flames as he recovered!
At the same time, ten thousand miles away was the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Allied Lord Zuo Tianzheng’s face was grim as he sat in his chair!
“Alliance Master, that Chen Ping has made a scene in the Southern Domain, going so far as to lead thousands of cultivators to follow the Mu Clan in the melee.”
“The entire Heavenly Demon Mountain was almost destroyed, and the void of the Southern Domain showed signs of collapsing.”
“In the end, the Southern Domain Lord was lured out, and only then was the battle quelled.”
Elder Chu followed Zuo Tianzheng and reported!
“What?The Southern Domain Lord has come out?”
Zuo Tianzheng’s brows furrowed, “It’s been hundreds of years, I thought that they had long since ascended to the Heavenly Realm, I didn’t expect that they were still in the Celestial Realm.”
Zuo Tianzheng had pressure within him, he founded the Demon Sealing Alliance and then spread his forces throughout the entire Celestial Realm, not for the purpose of cutting down the demons and eliminating the devils, but for the purpose of becoming the master of the Celestial Realm!
What he wanted was to control the entire Celestial Realm, not a certain region!
Now that the Southern Domain Lord has come out, Zuo Tianzheng’s idea of dominating the entire Celestial Realm is afraid that it won’t be easy to realise.
“Notify the forces of all domains to kill that Chen Ping without amnesty, as long as he exits the Southern Domain, he must not be allowed to survive.”
Zuo Tianzheng said through clenched teeth!
The Southern Domain was relatively harmonious in comparison to the various races, and the Demon Sealing Alliance’s power was the lowest in the Southern Domain!
The Southern Domain also had the most demonic cultivators, but the Demon Sealing Alliance did not dare to massacre demonic cultivators in the Southern Domain’s Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Now, he could only wait for Chen Ping to leave the Southern Domain and strangle him!
“I understand!”Elder Chu nodded!
“There is also that Southern Domain Mu Family, see if we can co-operate, you go and talk personally.”
“Now that Chen Ping is able to gather thousands of cultivators in the Southern Domain, we must not underestimate this person.”
Zuo Tianzheng continued!
“Good!”Elder Chu nodded again, then said, “Alliance Master, recently several batches of devil cultivators were sent out, but they failed to kill that Chen Ping, there were even those who were persuaded to rebel by Chen Ping, do we still send devil cultivators behind us?”
“Don’t send them, these guys are all mouths to mouths, none of them are truly submissive, none of them are willing to sell out.”
Zuo Tianzheng waved his hand and said!
The Soulless Halls that were sent out, instead of killing Chen Ping, they had now all become Chen Ping’s helpers!
“I’ll go and notify the forces of the various domains and then head to the Southern Domain Mu Family to talk about co-operation!”
Elder Chu finished speaking and turned around to leave.
Zuo Tianzheng, on the other hand, let out a long sigh and his figure slowly disappeared, it turned out that the one sitting here was not Zuo Tianzheng’s real body!