Chen Ping stared at Ning Zhi with a deadly stare as he suddenly charged towards him once more.
Seeing this, Ning Zhi’s black and gold fist printed directly onto it.
Boom!
After a loud sound, the entire warehouse instantly split apart, and even the villa in the distance was instantly shaken by the force and collapsed.
Smoke and dust rose in all directions, obscuring the two men’s bodies.
Chen Ping’s arm was trembling slightly and his face was terribly gloomy.
Ning Zhi was only a half-step Martial Marquis, there was no way he could have had such strength, let alone blocked his hard strike!
But now, not only had that Ning Zhi blocked it, but Chen Ping’s arm had also suffered a huge recoil.
“This person definitely can’t be Ning Zhi ……”
Chen Ping secretly pondered in his mind, but if the person in front of him wasn’t Ning Zhi, who else could it be?
As the smoke and dust slowly cleared, Chen Ping and Ning Zhi were three meters apart, looking at each other, neither of them moving, that punch just now had long since destroyed everything around them!
“You’re a half-step Martial Marquis, yet you’ve suddenly become so strong, and your physical body has also become incredibly strong, who the hell are you? Or perhaps using some kind of evil cultivation method?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Ning Zhi.
If the one in front of him was Ning Zhi, then Ning Zhi must have used some kind of magic technique to strengthen himself for a short period of time.
“You don’t need to know, all you need to know is that you are going to die soon ……”
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping coldly as the aura on his body began to rise up in a rampant manner.
This aura carried an endless momentum of oppression, as if Ning Zhi was the king descending at this moment!
“I would like to see who will be the one to die ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly gaped as his entire person transformed into a gilt, huge golden fist, smashing fiercely towards Ning Zhi.
The two men were three meters apart, and this punch was almost the blink of an eye!
A burst of sound rang out in the air, the whole space seemed to be torn apart by Chen Ping’s fist, and the terrifying punching power spread in all directions!
At a glance, it was as if Chen Ping was clutching a dazzling sun in his hand, and waves of scorching heat rolled over Ning Zhi, enveloping him.
Seeing this, Ning Zhi let out a low roar, followed by a crackling and bursting sound from his body, and then he met it with a fist!
Boom!
Again, the heavens and the earth shattered, the heavens and the earth darkened, and the entire Luo Clan began to shake.
Only this time, Chen Ping and Ning Zhi still did not move, and the strength of the two was again indistinguishable from each other.
Chen Ping was already in a state of shock at this moment, he really did not expect that Ning Zhi would have this kind of strength, it was simply even more than his father had.
How could a half-step Martial Marquis, in just a few days’ time, grow in strength so quickly?
Chen Ping couldn’t understand, he really couldn’t.
And at this moment, Ning Zhi’s heart was also in shock, he didn’t expect Chen Ping’s strength to be so strong too!
“Such a strong strength, if I could absorb your power, it would really be twice the effort with half the effort ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes faintly stared, before he said grimly.
When Chen Ping heard this, his face changed slightly, “You’re an evil cultivator?”
Chen Ping had never heard that Ning Zhi knew an evil cultivation technique like the Star Absorbing Technique.
“Haha, it doesn’t matter if you are an evil cultivator or not, in the martial arts world nowadays, where is the distinction between good and evil!”
“The Martial Dao Alliance is the head of the sects, but so what, there are no evil cultivators in the Martial Dao Alliance?”
Ning Zhi laughed loudly.
These words fell on Chen Ping’s ears, but he didn’t have the slightest way to refute them.
Because there were indeed evil cultivators in the Martial Dao Alliance, and there were so many sects and families that secretly practiced evil kung fu in order to quickly increase their strength!
What evil cultivation or not, it didn’t matter to many people anymore, they only valued their own strength and only wanted to improve their own strength.