“Ah …………”
Ning Hai let out a loud roar!
The body instantly erupted with countless lights, followed by a huge explosion!
The ground shook and the mountains shook, the surrounding buildings instantly turned into powder!
And those Ning family members who hadn’t yet rushed to Ning Hai’s side were instantly engulfed by the wave of Qi, their bodies following suit and turning into ashes!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, only to feel an endless force pounding against him!
His entire body was blown straight out of the sky.
The scales on his body began to fall off in a large area, and in the end the Unbreakable Golden Body completely crumbled.
Chen Ping’s physical body was under immense pressure and he soon fell unconscious.
Not knowing when, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes and it happened that his body was already scarred.
But it was not life-threatening, and within a hundred-metre radius of Ning Hai’s self-detonation, it had long since been empty, all turned into powder!
“Martial Marquis’ self-explosion, it is really powerful ……”
Chen Ping muttered as he looked at his bruised body.
At the same time, the Kyoto Martial Alliance!
Zhu Zhishan was having a meeting with several lineages, and in front of them was a large screen that was showing the very scene of Chen Ping following Ning Hai in his battle.
“Can you see, in just a few days, this Chen Ping has already broken through the Martial Marquis and undergone a radical change, if we don’t kill him, there will be trouble ahead!”
Zhu Zhishan said with a gloomy face.
“I really didn’t expect it, this Chen Ping’s strength has progressed too quickly, could this fellow have learnt some evil technique?”
Long Jingguo was somewhat in disbelief, Chen Ping, who they had previously completely despised, had dared to take on Ning Hai, an old Martial Martial Marquis, in just a few short months.
“Yes, I also suspect that this Chen Ping knows some kind of evil kung fu!”
Another family head said.
“Impossible, there must be some other secret in this Chen Ping’s body ……”
Zhu Zhishan shook his head.
Because he knew that there was no evil gong on Chen Ping, if there was, he would have discovered it long ago.
“I originally thought that that Ning Hai had really killed Chen Ping, but it turned out to be bragging ……”
A family head said with a disdainful face.
“Then since Chen Ping is not dead, let’s make a move, fortunately the few a*sa*sins I prepared did not leave.”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes were slightly glued, “But behind that Chen Ping is Mr. Shi, so we have to do a drip, if Mr. Shi pursues this, we people are gra*shoppers on a rope, we have to work together to get back!”
“Zhu alliance master, don’t worry about it, since we have chosen to stand together, of course we will advance and retreat together.”
A family head a*sured.
“That’s good, I can guarantee that it won’t take long for the entire Kyoto Martial Dao Realm to be the sphere of influence of our Martial Dao Alliance!”
A fierce smile appeared on Zhu Zhishan’s face!
Rumble …………
Just then, a sudden earth tremor shook the mountains, as if an earthquake had been caused!
“What’s going on?”
Zhu Zhishan froze and said with a frown.
Everyone else also hurriedly looked towards the outside, wanting to see what had happened.
“Alliance Master, Ning Hai blew himself up ……”
At this moment, a Martial Alliance Elder ran in and said.
“Self-detonation?”
This caused Zhu Zhishan and everyone else to freeze.
They knew, however, what kind of power it was for a Martial Sect to blow itself up.
“What’s the casualty situation?”
Zhu Zhishan asked.
A Martial Martial Lord exploding himself was so powerful that those watching the battle were afraid that they would all be affected by the ripples.
If so many people were killed or injured in the Kyoto Martial Dao community at once, he, the Martial Dao Alliance’s alliance leader, would also be responsible.
“It’s not clear yet, but those who were watching the battle have all left long ago, I guess Ning Hai followed Chen Ping to the same death, and the Ning family is afraid that it’s over ……”
The elders replied.
“Now go check immediately ……”
Zhu Zhishan roared.
That elder hurriedly ran off to check.
And Zhu Zhishan’s face was cold as he sat down in his seat.