“Jiang Zhengde, rules are rules, I made these rules, do you want to break them?”
Sun Simiao said as his body floated down to the opposite side of Jiang Zhengde!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body slightly withdrew to make room for the two men, he knew that this Jiang Zhengde was seeking revenge on himself, but now that these two men were going to fight, Chen Ping could also sit back and enjoy the benefits!
“Bullsh*t rules, don’t think that just because the Pill King Mansion has the Bai Family behind it, you can yell and shout, believe it or not, I can slap you to death with a single slap?”
Jiang Zhengde said with a look of disdain.
It was true that Sun Simiao was not as strong as Jiang Zhengde, he was only a skilled doctor and able to refine pills, but his real strength was only just an internal energy master.
Sun Simiao’s face turned red and white as he gritted his teeth and stared angrily at Jiang Zhengde.
“Jiang Zhengde, are the people of my Bai family also something you can bully?”
As the words fell, Bai Zhan Tang leapt out from the crowd and landed steadily on the stage, behind Bai Zhan Tang were several subordinates, each with a strong aura, all of them at the level of Inner Strength Zong Shi!
Jiang Zhengde’s face changed slightly when he saw Bai Zhan Tang on the stage, before he opened his mouth and said, “Sir Bai, this Chen Ping killed my father and brother, I must take revenge for this today, I must kill him!”
As soon as Jiang Zhengde’s words fell, there was an uproar on the stage, although many people knew that Jiang Zhengzhong had been killed, no one knew exactly by whom, apart from those who were present that day.
Now when Jiang Zhengde said it, the crowd realized that Chen Ping, who had just killed the bald man with one punch, turned out to be the one who had killed that Jiang Zhengzhong, no wonder he had that kind of courage to follow the bald man with one hand!
“I don’t care if you take revenge, but this is a martial arts gathering held by my Pill King Mansion, the ring of the Pill King Mansion here, so if you want to strike, I have to take care of it!”
Bai Zhan Tang said coldly.
“Bai Zhan Tang, now that Jiang Zhengde is my Qin family’s guest secretary, won’t you even give this bit of face?”
As soon as the words left his mouth, Qin Feng also walked up to the ring from the crowd below the stage, and behind Qin Feng, he was also followed by several subordinates with the strength of an internal jin clan master!
Seeing these people suddenly appear, those martial artists of the younger generation under the stage were all ashamed, especially that Wu Xi, his fists clenched, his eyes full of horror!
He had always thought that his strength was one of the best in the younger generation, but now Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng had appeared, both of whom had stronger auras than him, even surpa*sing his father, Wu Liuyi.
Now Wu Xi finally understood that he was a frog at the bottom of the well, it seemed that the world outside was far more powerful than he had imagined.
The emergence of Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng had indeed dealt a blow to the young martial artists of Jiangnan and Jiangbei, originally there was one Chen Ping and everyone took it as an example, but now there were three young internal jin masters in their twenties one after another, such a blow was too hard to accept!
Above the ring, looking at the appearance of Qin Feng, Bai Zhan Tang did not answer him directly, but turned his head to look at Chen Ping: “You saw what happened today, if you agree to my demands, I can help you set things right, if not, you know the consequences ……”
Bai Zhan Tang was threatening Chen Ping, he wanted the Dan formula on Chen Ping, now was a good opportunity!
Chen Ping sneered disdainfully, “Just these cats and dogs, I haven’t put them in my eyes!”
Chen Ping’s words caused Bai Zhantang to freeze, knowing that Jiang Zhengde’s strength was even higher than that Jiang Zhengzhong, not to mention that the other party still had Qin Feng present and several Zong Shi experts under him, how could Chen Ping have the courage to say such words with just one person?
“Good, since that’s the case, then I’ll stand by and watch!”
Bai Zhantang said, leading his men towards the side of the ring, while that Sun Simiao followed closely, asking in a small voice, “Second Young Master, do we really have to let that Jiang Zhengde kill this Chen Ping? That way we won’t be able to get the dan formula!”