Her face was as clear and beautiful as the first bloom of a lily, her eyebrows were like distant mountains with smoke, her eyes were like autumn water, and every time she blinked, it was as if she was telling an endless story.
She has an enviable figure, neither too thin, nor half redundant, every curve is just right to show the feminine softness and strength.
The waist is as light as a willow, with a graceful walk, and the hem of the skirt gently swaying as the lotus leaves swaying in the morning breeze, both elegant and unobtrusive.
And wearing a partial ancient style of clothing, that clothing seems to be tailor-made for her, the material is light and delicate, colourful but not lose elegance.
The hemline of the dress was ankle-length, vaguely revealing delicate embroidered shoes, adding a few classical flavours.
“Brother-in-law, you run too fast, wait for us ah ……”
At this time, the two younger siblings of the youngest sister caught up!
But when the youngest sibling brother saw Xiong Ying, he also instantly froze, his eyes were straight, and his harumph instantly flowed out!
“Too beautiful, how can there be such a beautiful woman?”
The youngest sister’s brother couldn’t help but say!
The youngest sister looked at Xiong Ying in front of her, but also some ashamed of herself, followed Xiong Ying than, she is really too ordinary!
“Cursed, you do not want to die to me to get away, do not delay us to do business ……”
A strong man seemed to be a little impatient and yelled!
At this point, Brother Missy reacted and turned his gaze towards the two burly men!
“Fellow Daoist, save me, save me ……”
Xiong Ying had tears in her eyes, that look was simply pathetic!
“Girl, don’t be afraid, I’ll protect you ……”
The youngest sister’s brother immediately blocked in front of Xiong Ying with a righteous face!
Chen Ping glanced at the youngest sister brother, could not help but smile, “You can beat both of them?”
The youngest sister brother looked at the two strong man, then shook his head and said, “I can’t, not still have you, you beat them both, that’s not hand to hand!”
Brother Missy had seen Chen Ping’s ability, not to mention that he was only at the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm, but when he fought the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm, it would be easy and enjoyable!
Not to mention that Chen Ping had just killed many of the cultivators of the Qiu Family!
One must know that those cultivators were all at the strength of the Mahayana realm!
“You are right ……”
Chen Ping smiled helplessly, this guy wanted to save the beauty heroically, but he wanted to let himself take the shot!
“Damn, letting you mother-in-laws, you want to find death, don’t you?”
One of the burly men was a bit anxious and directly rushed towards Chen Ping and the others!
Chen Ping did not even look at it, while he casually waved his hand, and instantly a huge force suddenly burst forth, sending the burly man flying!
The burly man’s body fell heavily to the ground, spitting blood from his mouth, and he could not even get up for a while!
Against cultivators of the same level, Chen Ping was too lazy to even look at them, following the crushing of an ant, there was really no difference!
The other burly man was dumbfounded when he saw this, he had never thought that Chen Ping, a 9th rank of the Ferrying Realm, who was at the same level of cultivation as them, would be able to defeat them so easily!
This was also too unbelievable!
The burly man bent down and casually grabbed his companion, then quickly fled!
Chen Ping did not go after them, after all, there was no deep hatred, there was no need to rush them to extinction!
What’s more, Chen Ping followed Xiong Ying and did not know him at the moment!
Seeing Chen Ping casually waving his hand and knocking away two strong men, Xiong Ying’s eyes were permeated with surprise, and her eyes changed a little when she looked at Chen Ping!
“Beauty, no need to be afraid, my brother-in-law drove the people away ……”
The youngest sister’s brother looked at Xiong Ying, purposely said the word brother-in-law particularly heavy, is deliberately in the emphasis in general!
“Thank you all ……”
Xiong Ying hurriedly bowed and thanked him!
“No need to thank, this is all a small matter, I wonder what is the name of the beautiful woman ah? Why did it appear here?”
Brother Missy asked with a flattering face!
“My name is Xiong Ying, waiting for my brother ……”
Xiong Ying said!
“Xiong Ying?”
Chen Ping and Brother Missy were shocked at the same time, looking at Xiong Ying with a face full of incredulity!