Boom …………
The terrifying force instantly sent Chen Ping and that Zhu Hao all flying!
The power of the lightning was so powerful that even Chen Ping had a hard time carrying it off!
After these two blasts, neither Chen Ping nor Zhu Hao dared to approach the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu.
Zhu Hao looked at the fan in his hand, cracks had appeared on it, just blocking that thunderbolt’s power had damaged even the Martial Saint artifact, so I guess it would not be used many times.
Chen Ping and Zhu Hao were staring at each other, but neither of them was making a move!
On the other hand, Hu Ma Zi and Zheng Anguo were fighting with the men Zhu Hao had brought!
Although Zheng Anguo had the Xuan Hua Axe, a Martial Saint weapon, in his hand, but facing the old man at the peak of the Great Martial Marquis of the other side, plus the overall strength of the other side was much higher, which made them become very pa*sive.
It was only a matter of time before they were defeated, and when Chen Ping was the only one left, it would be a fool’s errand to try to get the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu.
As Zheng An Guo and Hu Pazi were losing, a group of people suddenly arrived in a hurry!
“Mr. Chen, I’m here to help you ……”
After saying that, Song Qingping brought the people from the Demon Spirit Sect and instantly joined the battle!
With the Demon Spirit Sect’s family members, the scales began to tip towards Chen Ping’s side, and the people Zhu Hao had brought along began to become a little tired of dealing with it!
Those martial artists who had chosen to follow the Zhu Clan and stand together, wanting to get some benefits, all chose to flee in droves at this moment when they saw this.
These guys, they were just watching the food and the wine, seeing that Chen Ping’s side was weak, they helped Zhu Hao!
Now that Chen Ping’s side had increased in strength, then they turned around and ran away.
This sudden change of events directly blinded Zhu Hao, he couldn’t figure out how another group of people could suddenly appear to help Chen Ping.
“Stop ……”
Zhu Hao shouted, he knew that if the fight continued like this, he was afraid that all the people on his side would die out!
Seeing Zhu Hao’s order, the many experts of the Zhu Clan all retreated to Zhu Hao’s side!
Almost all of these Zhu Clan experts were wounded, even the old man at the peak of the Great Martial Marquis had an ugly look on his face at the moment, his Qi and blood disordered!
“Mr. Chen, are you alright?”
At this moment, Song Qingping stepped forward and asked Chen Ping.
“I’m fine, thanks to Vice Patriarch Song for stepping in to help.”
Chen Ping said gratefully.
“Mr. Chen, to say that would be out of line, we are in a cooperative relationship, and this herb, too, is our goodwill, if it was taken away by others, wouldn’t that mean that we are not sincere.”
Song Qingping said with a faint smile.
Seeing the sudden appearance of Song Qingping and the others, Zheng Anguo was also puzzled at this moment, knowing that this was South Lake, his territory, when did such a team of people appear in his territory, and all of them were experts, even he himself didn’t know!
Also feeling puzzled were Hong Qianjiu and Jiang Wei, who were looking carefully at Song Qingping and the others, because most likely, this group would become their enemies!
At this moment, they still didn’t know just how many clans and families knew the secret of Penglai Island, and how many clans and families of the secret realm spokesmen had not been revealed!
However, along with the imminent recovery of spiritual energy on Penglai Island, I believe that all these hidden clan families will come forward in droves.
Because no one was willing to watch the first land of spiritual qi recovery, being occupied by others!
“Who are you people?”
Zhu Hao looked coldly at Song Qingping, “Do you know what kind of person I am?”
Song Qingping looked at Zhu Hao and the corner of his mouth lifted slightly, “I don’t care who you are, this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu belongs to Mr. Chen, no one is allowed to grab it from him, otherwise they are against us.”
“As for what we are, you don’t deserve to know yet, now better take your people and get out, or none of them will leave.”
Song Qingping was so full of arrogance that he directly exasperated that Zhu Hao.