There were more and more demonic beasts, densely packed in black!
Accompanied by Di Chong Jing’s urging, these demonic beasts all rushed towards Chen Ping!
This scared Patriarch Jiang and the others, each one of them set up their stance, ready to follow these demonic beasts in a battle to the death!
Chen Ping spoke, “Patriarch Jiang, you don’t need to be afraid, don’t do anything, just let me deal with all the demonic beasts.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body began to emit a golden glow!
Chen Ping wanted to utilise the power of the divine dragon to make the golden dragon visible so that he could subdue these demonic beasts!
But just as he was about to cast it, Chen Ping suddenly thought of the Fire Qilin that he had taken in!
Although the Fire Qilin was still very weak right now, but after all, it was a Divine Beast of the Heavenly Realm, and was not at all comparable to these demonic beasts of the Celestial Realm!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping beckoned his hand, and the Little Fire Qilin instantly appeared from his storage ring!
Along with the appearance of the Little Fire Qilin, a peculiar pressure abruptly erupted!
From the Little Fire Qilin’s body, the aura that erupted directly caused those raging demonic beasts to stop in their tracks!
One must know that the Little Fire Qilin was a divine beast, and the fear that demonic beasts had for divine beasts was engraved in their bones!
The Little Fire Qilin’s aura instantly emanated, surging towards the surroundings!
All the berserk demonic beasts felt the Little Fire Qilin’s aura, and each of them stopped in their tracks, their eyes had already lost their blood red colour, and were replaced by panic!
When Di Chongjing and the others saw this scene, they were all stunned, looking incredulously at the Little Fire Qilin that had appeared!
Patriarch Jiang and the others were all filled with confusion as well, as they had never seen this creature before!
“Ji Yun, what kind of creature is this?”
Ochre Yan asked to Ji Yun!
“I don’t know!”Ji Yun shook his head!
The Little Fire Qilin, though small and burning with flames all over its body, then idly began to walk slowly in front of the hundreds of demonic beasts!
Every time the Little Fire Qilin took a step forward, those demonic beasts trembled and unconsciously took a step backwards!
Soon, the little Fire Qilin came in front of a bear demon, which was several metres tall, with a body of ten thousand pounds, and a single paw was bigger than the little Fire Qilin!
But when the Little Fire Qilin walked to the bear demon, the bear demon’s legs went soft, plopped down, and then his head was lowered, clinging to the ground!
Only to see the Little Fire Qilin raised its foot and kicked the bear demon’s head a few times, and then a bubble of urine was bared on the bear demon’s face!
The bear demon was so scared that it didn’t dare to breathe a single breath!
Everyone who saw this scene, apart from being shocked, just couldn’t help but want to laugh!
Di Chong Jing’s eyes widened with incredulity, then desperately blew her bone flute, but the sound of the bone flute no longer had any effect on those demonic beasts!
“This is the demonic beast you recruited, how is it a wimp just like you?”
Chen Ping said with a teasing face!
“What …… is going on here? What kind of creature is this guy of yours that is on fire, instead?”
Di Chongjing asked at Chen Ping!
“Want to know what I am, but I won’t tell you ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and gave a wink towards the little fire qilin!
The Little Fire Qilin had already recognised its master and followed Chen Ping’s heart, so it knew what Chen Ping meant with a single look!
Only to see the little Fire Qilin tilting its head and roaring, a flame shot up into the sky!
Rumble …………
Hundreds of demonic beasts, no matter how big or small, no matter how high or low their strength was, all turned their heads in fear and ran!
There are also quite a few demonic beasts, directly scared to pull the urine, make the Soul Demon Sect surrounded by all the smell of urine!
After only a few moments, those demonic beasts ran away without a trace!
The little Fire Qilin was standing tall and proud, and returned to Chen Ping’s storage ring!
Di Chongjing was going crazy, and those disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect were also going crazy!
These demonic beasts were their reliance, but their killer mace!