And just as the words fell, an incomparably strong and powerful pressure erupted from Chen Ping’s body!
This pressure directly enveloped the entire Mount Fuji, and everyone felt the pressure and involuntarily fell to their knees!
Although they couldn’t believe it, couldn’t believe that the spiritual support in their hearts had been defeated like this, and that they had even lost their lives!
But now that Chen Ping was standing before them, emanating majesty like an immortal, they had to believe it again!
“Greetings to Lord God ……”
At that moment, someone shouted out from the crowd!
And this person was none other than Kazuo Kawaguchi, who had deceived Chen Ping and told a lot of information to Kazuo Watanabe.
Now that Chen Ping had not only destroyed the Four Great Shrines, but had also killed Kuroki Kawasaki, could anyone else in the whole island be a match for Chen Ping?
In order to stay alive, Kawaguchi Kazuo could only try his best to befriend Chen Ping!
Only when Kawaguchi Kazuo shouted, no one shouted with him!
Although Chen Ping had killed Kuroki Kawasaki, it would still take time to get the island’s martial arts community to accept this fact.
And it would take means to get these martial arts circles of the island to submit!
When Kawaguchi Kazuo saw that no one was following him in agreement, he felt a pang of embarra*sment and hurriedly lowered his head.
Chen Ping just swept that Kawaguchi Kazuo a glance, and then looked at Muto Shindo, “If there are still people in your island who are not convinced, you can always come to me, I will still be here for a few days ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body leapt up and floated towards the mountain!
Looking at Chen Ping’s figure that was like an eagle soaring, everyone in the island’s martial arts community was in deep thought!
Until Chen Ping’s figure completely disappeared, Muto Shinichi’s gaze looked coldly at Kawaguchi Kazuo!
“You shameless traitor, shame on my island martial arts community, today I will betray you to death ……”
Muto Shinichi could not rest in anger!
Then all the martial arts community swarmed, Kawaguchi Kazuo sadly did not say anything, the whole person was smashed to pieces by the crowd, dead as can be!
The news of Chen Ping’s killing of Kuroki Kawasaki soon exploded across the island!
Although many people in the island’s martial arts community tried their best to block the news, it was no use at all!
All of a sudden, the island’s martial arts community became a street rat, being laughed at and abused!
Many of the younger generation of the island’s martial arts community were clamouring to go out en ma*se to prove for the island’s martial arts community and avenge Kuroki Kawasaki!
But they were all suppressed by Muto Shinichi and the rest of the older generation, because they knew that if these people went, there would be no other result than sending them to their deaths!
In front of Chen Ping, these people were not even considered to be ants!
The Watanabe family, with Chen Ping in charge, had become the most powerful family in the whole island!
Watanabe Fumio began to build shrines and statues for Chen Ping’s followers to worship!
And although the island’s martial arts community failed to identify anyone who could suppress Chen Ping, no one really compromised either, they didn’t agree with him, much less worship him as a god!
After all, no matter how strong Chen Ping was, he was still a Daxia man, and their islanders’ unique sense of arrogance made these guys from the martial arts world refuse to bow down!
Chen Ping locked himself inside his room and spent three days completely refining Kuroki Kawasaki’s divine soul!
This made Chen Ping’s strength leap to a fifth-grade Martial Saint, and now Chen Ping would not be afraid in the slightest if he really ran into a Martial God!
What’s more, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand had already emerged from its body, and with time, Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword would be able to fight a Martial Saint alone!
“Master, your followers in the island have now reached millions, but those in the island’s martial arts community still refuse to worship you.”
Watanabe Fumio saw that Chen Ping had completed his cultivation, so he reported in a small voice.
“Don’t mind them, I have my own way ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking, got up and walked out of the room!
Looking at the bright moon in the sky, Chen Ping leapt up, his whole body actually rose hundreds of meters, as if he had jumped above the moon in one go!
Seeing this scene, Watanabe Fumio’s mouth dropped open in shock!
Chen Ping leapt several times and landed on top of a very luxurious palace in the centre of the Western Capital!