“Elder Miao, you’ve been injured and allowed the Yin Fury Qi to spread throughout your body, you won’t even be able to hold out in the Southern Region if you continue like this, I guess it won’t take long before your meridians are broken by inches and you’ll die.”
Chen Ping said!
“Really?” Miao Lao frowned “But I don’t feel anything right now?”
At first, when Chen Ping said, Miao Lao did not believe it at all, although Chen Ping was right that there was Yin Fiend Qi in his body, but to say that his meridians would be broken within an hour would be a joke, because Miao Lao felt that his body was fine!
“I’m telling the truth, if you didn’t take that pharmacist Chen’s pills at that time, you could still suppress it for a period of time, but it’s hard to be suppressing it now, the only way is to suck the Yin Fiendish Qi out of your body.”
Chen Ping’s face was grave, it did not look like he was lying at all!
This time, Miao Lao began to panic, his eyebrows tightly knitted together, “Is this fate? It seems that the heavens are going to kill me ah ……”
“I hope that when little brother dies, he can take care of my granddaughter, although she acts shrewdly, she doesn’t have the heart to pit people against her.”
Elder Miao had actually entrusted his granddaughter to Chen Ping’s care, bearing in mind that he and Chen Ping were only just getting to know each other, and could not even be said to be familiar with each other!
“Elder Miao, you don’t have to be so pessimistic, even though I said that within an hour, your meridians will be broken, but now that I’m here, you can’t die!”
Chen Ping said with confidence.
Elder Miao froze and looked at Chen Ping in shock “Could it be that you are really a pharmacist, do you really have a way to get rid of the Yin Fury Qi in my body?”
“Of course, the Yin Fury Qi in your body may be very tricky for other medicine masters, but for me, it is just a matter of raising my hand.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, one hand gently rested on Old Miao’s shoulder!
Soon, a suction force slowly sucked the Yin Fiend Qi in Miao Lao’s body out of his body again!
Feeling the Yin Fiend Qi in his body being sucked out of his body, Miao Lao was dumbfounded and looked at Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity!
It was because only the Demon Race could have this ability to absorb Yin Fiend Qi!
But now that Chen Ping did not have the slightest hint of a demonic race in his body, he even possessed the ability to absorb Yin Fiend Qi, this was too outrageous!
After only a few moments, the Yin Fiendish Qi in Elder Miao’s body was completely absorbed by Chen Ping.
“Alright, try meditating for a while.” Chen Ping said!
Miao Lao hurriedly sank his Qi into his dantian, letting his breath travel around his body, and found that the Yin Fury Qi in his body was indeed gone!
“Are you …… you a demon?”
Elder Miao looked at Chen Ping in shock!
One must know that in the current Celestial Realm, demonic cultivators were like street rats, where there were still demonic cultivators who dared to team up with people openly and honestly!
Chen Ping smiled and shook his head, “I am not a demon, but I know a little bit about demonic techniques, so the demonic Yin Fury Qi is a piece of cake for me.”
Miao Lao’s eyes were filled with incredulity, and he became more and more curious about Chen Ping!
The two people talked and laughed, the others didn’t know what the two people were talking about, they only knew that Miao Lao followed Chen Ping and talked happily!
After another day, the airship stopped travelling and began to land slowly.
Chen Ping was surprised and hurriedly got up and asked “Ji Yun, what’s going on?”
“Mr Chen, there is a force that is making the blimp descend.”
Ji Yun was filled with anxiety and said!
“I’ll see what’s going on.” Chen Ping entered and walked over, wanting to see if something was wrong with the blimp.
And that Cai Hongwei looked out of the window, then said “It’s not a problem with the blimp, this is the mountain range at the border between the Central Domain and the Southern Domain, flying is not allowed, not to mention the flying machine, even birds and beasts can’t fly over it.”