‘Aiya, it’s already that time of the year and you’re still being frugal, you personally go to the Two Yi Sect and make a trip there, no matter how much it costs, you have to invite the people from the Two Yi Sect here.’
‘As long as the people from the Two Yi Sect can help us open the Divine Volcano, tell them that they will be heavily rewarded.’
Huo Yuanting looked a little excited at the moment!
‘Alright, I’ll go right away!’ Elder Tian nodded!
After Elder Tian left, Huo Yuanting on the other hand had the corners of his mouth slightly raised, ‘As long as the Divine Volcano is opened, I’ll see who in the entire Purple Flame Sect dares to disobey!’
…………
Elder Yu’s residence!
Qian Xiu was in a low mood and kept crying!
Wei Qing and Chen Ping comforted her at the side!
‘Senior sister, although Elder Hu is dead, his spirit lives on forever, you can stay here from now on, I’ll have Master cover you.’
Wei Qing said comfortingly!
‘Senior sister, don’t be too upset, this was Elder Hu’s own choice, he did this for the sake of the entire Violet Flame Sect!’
Chen Ping followed suit and comforted.
After Elder Yu came back and spoke about Elder Hu’s matter, it left Chen Ping a little shaken as well!
‘I want to be quiet by myself for a while ……’
Qian Xiu said with a despondent expression!
Seeing this, Wei Qing and Chen Ping could only get up and leave, allowing Qian Xiu to be quiet by herself!
‘Ai, senior sister is too pitiful, now that Elder Hu is dead, that Huo Dong will be even more unscrupulous, I think it won’t be long before senior sister is going to be poisoned and spoilt by him.’
‘In the past, our Purple Flame Sect also had a lot of female cultivators, after all, many female cultivators also like to cultivate fire techniques, only that many senior sisters were disheartened and withdrew after being spoiled by that Huo Dong.’
‘This has also made the Purple Flame Sect so famous that no female cultivator dares to come anymore, and those of us who are masters and brothers of the Purple Flame Sect now want to find a dual-cultivation partner are all difficult!’
Wei Qing said with a sigh!
Chen Ping did not say a word, he did not know how to comfort Wei Qing!
After all, there was no shortage of women around himself, there was no way he could understand Wei Qing’s pain!
Chen Ping returned to his room and quietly waited for the darkness to come!
As the sky grew darker and darker, Chen Ping’s heart began to get a little excited!
If he was able to meet the old sect master tonight and learnt the method of the Supreme Fire Fusion, he would be able to leave the Purple Flame Sect!
Only when he thought of Qian Xiu and Zhu Ling, Chen Ping was a little heartbroken!
If he learnt the method of Supreme Fire Fusion and left, then Qian Xiu would definitely suffer from Huo Dong’s poisonous hands!
Moreover, Zhu Ling might also be spoilt by Huo Dong!
The thought of a beautiful woman like Zhu Ling, who was so beautiful that she was pressed underneath by that Huo Dong, Chen Ping had a belly full of fire!
‘Depends on the situation in saying it, even if I learnt the way to the fusion of the Supreme Fire, I haven’t seen the Divine Volcano yet, I haven’t seen the Divine Fire Seal yet, I should meet these things before I leave from the Purple Flame Sect!’
Chen Ping himself gave himself an excuse, in fact, he was afraid that Zhu Ling and Qian Xiu would be spoiled by Huo Dong!
Just as Chen Ping was rambling, suddenly the door of the room was pushed open!
Chen Ping froze, he didn’t understand who was coming to his place at this late hour?
Chen Ping got up and saw Qian Xiu walk in wearing a cool nightgown!
‘Senior sister?’
Chen Ping’s face was full of doubts, ‘What is it that you have to do at this late hour?’
‘Senior brother, I can’t sleep, can you talk with me?’
Qian Xiu said with a mournful look!
Chen Ping looked at the sky outside, then nodded his head and said, ‘Alright, senior sister hurry up and sit!’
Qian Xiu sat on Chen Ping’s bed while Chen Ping sat next to her!
‘Elder sister, you have to be sad, people can’t come back from the dead.’
Chen Ping comforted Qian Xiu!
If it wasn’t because of Elder Hu’s suicide today, Chen Ping wouldn’t have let Qian Xiu come to his room!
Moreover, he still had things to do in a while and needed to see Zhu Ling!
But now that Qian Xiu was grieving, Chen Ping was too embarrassed to reject Qian Xiu!