Chen Ping was also shocked at this moment, he did not expect that this old man would still be able to perform the Nine Shadows Sword Technique to the extreme!
“Senior, you are too powerful, this Nine Shadow Sword Technique can be performed to the utmost.”
“All nine shadows have been executed by you!”
Chen Ping said in surprise!
But who knows, the old man sighed softly “This sword technique of yours is an ancient Immortal Trail inheritance, and what I have performed is not the ultimate.”
“As the saying goes, the Great Dao is the simplest, the extreme of this Nine Shadows Sword Technique, perhaps just a single figure will not appear.”
The old man’s words caused Chen Ping to freeze, with a puzzled look on his face, “What does senior mean by this?”
“Nine Nine Returns to One, Ten Thousand Buddhas Return to One, when this Nine Shadows Sword Technique is practiced to the extreme, it is not nine figures that will appear.”
“Rather, it is the nine lives you will have ……”
The old man said slowly!
Buzz …………
The old man’s words directly stunned Chen Ping into speechlessness!
Chen Ping had never thought that the ultimate of the Nine Shadows Sword Technique would be the Return of the Nine Nines to One, and that he was equivalent to having nine lives.
Wasn’t this too outrageous?
However, without waiting for Chen Ping to say anything else, the Zhan Long Sword in the old man’s hand pointed!
Brush brush brush …………
The other nine Chen Ping followed suit and raised their swords up, pointing at the old devil!
“Do you think this is an illusion?”
Chen Ping said to the old devil!
The old devil’s face was shocked and full of incredulity at the moment, he could clearly feel that each sword carried a rolling aura, pointing straight at him!
“What the hell is going on? What the hell is going on here?”
The old devil was going crazy!
He couldn’t understand how Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the fourth grade of the Harmonisation Realm, could possess this ancient inherited sword technique?
Where on earth did this fellow get so many techniques from?
Feeling the ten powerful sword awnings, the old devil’s scalp went numb, he was already very weak now, where else could he withstand this strike!
He now really regretted that he did not pay attention to Chen Ping in the beginning, always thinking that Chen Ping was just a fourth grade cultivator of the Harmonisation Realm, even if his body was a bit stronger, there was nothing to be afraid of.
But now it seemed that Chen Ping not only possessed an extremely strong physical body, but also possessed many ancient techniques, which was the most deadly!
“Chop ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious shout!
One could only see the ten Dragon Beheading Swords chopping out together, however, the various spiritual forces, Origin Breaths, and Divine Dragon Power within Chen Ping’s body were almost all mobilised!
It was important to know that although all of these ten doppelgangers were in the same form as the original body, the power that was needed was only available to Chen Ping’s original body!
This time, the various powers within Chen Ping’s body had to support ten of them together, and the rate of consumption was enormous!
But the power was also enormous!
Chen Ping was even able to feel that the various powers within his body were draining away at a rapid rate, and it was as if his entire body had been emptied!
However, with this chop, he was confident that he would behead the old devil!
The ten sword awns carried an unrivalled sharpness as they ruthlessly chopped towards the old devil!
The old devil didn’t want to wait for death at this moment, and the entire person roared, as countless black mists began to coalesce, wanting to block these sword manes!
Unfortunately, those black mists were useless, wherever the sword awnings passed, everything perished.
Puh puh puh …………
Ten sword awns directly penetrated the old devil’s body!
The old devil’s eyes widened, how could he have never imagined that he would have such a day when he was defeated by a Harmonisation realm fourth grade junior cultivator?
Not to mention a Harmonisation Realm fourth grade cultivator, even a Harmonisation Realm ninth grade cultivator like Jin Sha and the rest of them were all ants in his eyes!
But now, he was defeated by mole crickets!
The ten sword strokes chopped the old devil into many pieces, and there wasn’t a single bit of integrity at all!
The flesh body that was originally intended to be remoulded was now going to become mush as well!
The golden rune that bound the old devil also slowly dispersed!
The surrounding black mist was also disappearing at an extremely fast speed!
The whole place was dead silent, and everyone was acting very excited!