“You fart, I’m loyal to the Demon Sealing Alliance, otherwise I wouldn’t have travelled to the Xiao Dynasty to declare war.”
“Why didn’t you guys go if you were capable? If you guys had gone, you might have died in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty long ago.”
Patriarch Zhou roared in anger!
He wouldn’t admit that he was greedy for his life and disloyal to the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Alright ……,” Zuo Tianzheng waved his hand and everyone instantly shut their mouths!
Although the death of two Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivators was indeed a loss for the Demon Sealing Alliance, it wasn’t enough to make Zuo Tianzheng angry!
“Elder Chu, how are things going for you?”
Zuo Tianzheng asked!
“Allied Lord, it’s already been arranged, that Xiao Jian has already travelled to the imperial city of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty with his people. ”
“All the Mahayana Realm experts of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty have all been summoned into the Imperial City with the intention of confronting our Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Elder Chu said!
Zuo Tianzheng smiled faintly, “This is good, by eliminating all these experts of the Xiao Dynasty, then the entire Xiao Dynasty will no longer have the ability to resist.”
After saying that, Zuo Tianzheng looked at Patriarch Zhou and said, “Patriarch Zhou, you have been meritorious in travelling to Xiao Imperial Dynasty this time, and you’ve gained some understanding of Xiao Imperial Dynasty, so I’m going to let you lead the people to attack Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“All the people are at your disposal, but you must take down the Xiao Dynasty for me.”
When Patriarch Zhou heard this, he froze, he had never thought that Zuo Tianzheng would give him such a big task!
“Allied Lord, I ……”
Patriarch Zhou didn’t want to stop such a big event, he knew in his heart that the more he managed, the faster he would die!
“I will have Elder Chu accompany me, he already has arrangements, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty can easily be taken down.”
Zuo Tianzheng didn’t wait for that Patriarch Zhou to refuse and directly spoke!
Upon hearing this, Patriarch Zhou could only nod helplessly in the end and agreed!
As for the other people of the Demon Sealing Alliance, all of them were dumbfounded, not understanding why Zuo Tianzheng chose Patriarch Zhou, a greedy and fearful person, to lead the crowd!
However, when Zuo Tianzheng gave the word, no one dared to refute it, this was the rule of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
When the crowd was dismissed, Patriarch Zhou sighed!
With such a heavy responsibility, he knew that he simply couldn’t take it on!
It looked like this Zuo Tianzheng had to let him die!
“Sovereign, you’re bullish now, you can command these guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“A lot of these guys look down on us, you just took the opportunity to clean up their mess!”
Tian Luo said as he excitedly walked over to Patriarch Zhou!
Patriarch Zhou, on the other hand, glared fiercely at Tian Luo, itching to slap him to death!
This guy, there was really something wrong with his brain!
Seeing that expression on Patriarch Zhou’s face, Tian Luo instantly retreated in fear!
Patriarch Zhou then walked over to Elder Chu and said, “Elder Chu, for the matter of attacking the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, please ask Elder Chu for more guidance.”
“Patriarch Zhou, you don’t need to be nervous, the second prince of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty has already been bought by me and is a member of our Demon Sealing Alliance, there is no need to be afraid at all!”
Elder Chu cheered Patriarch Zhou up!
“That’s good, then we’ll set off now!”
Patriarch Zhou let out a slight sigh of relief before ordering the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance to set off!
The Demon Sealing Alliance had sent out hundreds of people, and the Mahayana Realm alone was nearly a hundred in size!
Only that almost all of these Mahayana realms were demonic cultivators, and almost all of the demonic cultivators that the Demon Sealing Alliance had cultivated over the years were out in force!
Hundreds of people were heading towards the Xiao Dynasty in great numbers!
At this time, Xiao Feng, also deployed his troops, the entire Imperial City had thousands of guards, and there were dozens of Mahayana Realm experts summoned from all over!
“Your Imperial Son, the Mahayana Realm experts summoned from all over the world have all arrived, and now only the people from Cangwolf City have yet to arrive.”
Yu Wenqiang whispered to Xiao Feng!
“Cang Wolf City is just a small border town, so I guess there aren’t any experts, so come if you like!”
Xiao Feng heard this, so he waved his hand and said!
He didn’t even know that the person who was guarding Cangwolf City was his half-brother, and that there were dozens of Mahayana Realm experts in Cangwolf City!
These were the forces that Xiao Jian had developed over the many years he had been guarding Cangwolf City!
At this moment, Xiao Jian was also rushing to the Imperial City with Cang Wolf City’s experts!