“Dragon Five, hand over Chen Ping now and I can not hurt you for the sake of my previous friendship, but if you don’t know any better, then don’t blame me for not being polite.”
The Grand Protector looked at Long Wu, his eyes blazing with threat.
“You don’t have to say it, I will not hand over Chen Ping to you guys.”
Long Wu had a firm face.
“Seek death ……”
The Grand Protector was also enraged, and his body swished towards Long Wu.
“Ow! …………”
The snow wolf fiercely pounced towards the Great Protector, the white fur on its body all exploded up, revealing its long fangs.
“Humph, insolent beast ……”
The Grand Protector snorted coldly and slapped a palm at the snow wolf.
The Snow Wolf’s nimble body directly dodged the Grand Protector’s palm, and its sharp claws ruthlessly slashed across the Grand Protector’s shoulder.
Several bloodstains appeared, instantly filling the Grand Protector’s eyes with rage.
“What a beast, today I will kill you and take your beast dan ……”
The Grand Protector clenched his fists, a dazzling light coalesced above his fists, and a terrifyingly strong wind headed towards the snow wolf.
“Big brother, I’ll help you ……”
The Third Protector, who had been bitten by the Snow Wolf, also attacked directly towards the Snow Wolf.
“Let’s go too ……”
The second protector waved his hand, followed by the remaining two protectors, and directly grabbed towards Long Wu.
Seeing this, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er simultaneously stepped out and blocked Long Wu’s body.
“Two little girls, I didn’t expect their strength to be quite good ……”
Seeing Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, the corner of the Second Protector’s mouth raised, his face full of disdain.
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er did not say anything, but attacked towards the Second Elder with an angry face.
“Don’t measure yourself ……”
The Second Protector raised his hand and directly slapped Gu Ling’er out with a palm.
Gu Ling’er’s figure was still in mid-air when she was grabbed by the Fourth Protector in the air and carried directly in her hands.
Although Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi had received Long Wu’s Kung Fu, the two of them had too little experience in actual combat, especially when faced with such people who had stepped into the Martial Sect for many years, they were still lacking in both experience and strength.
The Four Guardians carried Gu Ling’er while then inhaling hard with their noses, a faint body fragrance came into their noses.
“Mmm, it smells good!” The Fourth Protector’s eyes were full of essence, and then he said to the Second Protector, “Second Brother, you are too ignorant of pitying the fragrance, such a little beauty, if you break it, where can you find it!”
The Fourth Protector said, even using his hand to gently hold up Gu Ling’er’s chin, his face full of lustful smiles.
Gu Ling’er looked at the Four Guardians angrily, but was controlled and could not move a muscle.
“Ling’er ……”
Long Wu saw this scene and gritted his teeth in anger, “Quickly release Ling’er, let her go ……”
“Dragon Five, you just gave you a chance and you didn’t want it, now you want us to let her go, it’s too late ……”
The Fourth Protector was full of smugness.
“Ling’er ……” Xiao Lan held a long sword and stabbed directly at the Fourth Protector, trying to save Gu Ling’er.
But who knows that just as soon as he moved, that fifth protector moved, slapped the long sword in Xiao Lan’s hand, and swept Xiao Lan into his arms with one reach.
The gap between Xiao Lan’s strength and these people was too great, and there was no room for any resistance.
“Hahahaha, Old Fifth, let’s take them one by one, there are still two chicks left, let Second Brother and the others share them ……”
The Fourth Protector burst out laughing when he saw the Fifth Protector sweeping Little Lan into his arms.
“Then I’ll be polite!”
The Fifth Protector had a lecherous smile on his face and his eyes were looking straight at Xiao Lan in his arms.
But at this moment, Xiao Lan did not panic, nor did she resist, instead, she looked at that Fifth Protector with love in her eyes, and said with a face full of shyness, “You are too bad, you have made me hurt ……”
Looking at Xiaolan’s appearance, the fifth protector’s eyes surprisingly slowly became hollow, followed by a giggling expression, harrumphing out.
“Why don’t you let go of me?”
Ran said to the Fifth Protector.