The Great Protector shouted angrily as his body slowly began to hover in the air, followed by a black aura surrounding his body as countless tentacles began to emerge from the ground!
These tentacles began to frantically attack all living creatures on the ground, even Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were not spared!
And then there was Liu Rui, who was careless enough to get her body wrapped around the tentacles at her feet!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Liu Rui was so shocked that she hurriedly shouted at Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s Zenglong sword in his hand instantly erupted with a sword aura, instantly severing the tentacle!
And Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were similarly defenceless as they were entangled by the tentacle!
“Grand Protector, what are you doing? Let go of us ……”
Tong Youcai and Leng Yun shouted!
“If this kid doesn’t die, none of us will be able to escape, instead of being killed by this kid, you should contribute your own power and help me kill him, this will also fulfill your wish!”
The Great Protector said with a cold face.
“No …… Don’t …………”
“Don’t …………”
The two people, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun, were struggling desperately!
How could they not have thought that instead of dying in Chen Ping’s hands, they would be pitted by the Burning Heaven Sect!
Chen Ping waved his sword to protect Liu Rui from being entangled in those tentacles, while his pair of eyes watched Tong Youcai and Leng Yun’s struggle with icy coldness!
When the two had chosen to cooperate with the Burning Heaven Sect, they should have thought of this final end!
“If you treat us like this, when you go out, my Heavenly Thunder Sect will definitely exterminate your Burning Heaven Sect.”
“Our Flying Star Sect will also spare no effort to avenge my death and hunt down everyone in your Burning Heaven Sect.”
Tong Youcai and Leng Yun threatened the Grand Protector!
However, the Grand Protector was not afraid in the slightest and smiled coldly, “Who knows that I killed you all when you die here? I can say that you were all killed by this boy Chen Ping, haha ……”
The Great Protector looked like he had already had a plan, even if they got the Tong Ling fruit, it was estimated that in the end, that Tong Youcai and Leng Yun would not be able to get it.
“Chen Ping …… No …… Mr. Chen, save me, as long as you save my life, I will never bother you again.”
“Mr. Chen, for the sake of me leading you to the relic, save me, save me ……”
Tong Youcai and Leng Yun began to desperately call for help towards Chen Ping!
Only Chen Ping’s face was icy cold, he wouldn’t even offer a hand to save them.
Soon, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun gradually lost their voices, while that Great Protector’s breath was growing by leaps and bounds!
That arm, which was about to be broken, began to recover rapidly, even the wounds on his body were also recovering rapidly, and a green aura began to pervade his body!
Chen Ping knew that this was due to the absorption of that Tong Youcai’s strength, that Tong Youcai had modified his genes and could cause wounds to heal quickly, and now this Grand Protector also possessed this ability!
“Kid, this time, I’ll see if you don’t die yet ……”
The Great Protector’s cultivation level broke through the eighth rank and did not stop until it reached the peak of the ninth rank, if he was given a few Tong Ling fruits to swallow at this point, it was estimated that he would be able to break through to Martial Emperor!
He was so fast that Chen Ping could not catch his figure at all!
Chen Ping only felt a heavy punch to his chest, and his body flew backwards, hitting a huge rock!
But before Chen Ping could react, the Great Protector once again reached Chen Ping and stamped down with a fierce foot!
Boom …………
There was a loud sound, the earth trembled, and a huge deep crater instantly appeared!
And Chen Ping’s body was instantly stepped on as if it was in a deep pit.
“Hahahaha, kid, this time I’ll see what else you’re capable of!”
The Grand Protector looked down openly at Chen Ping and laughed loudly.
“Mr. Chen …………”
Liu Rui saw this and shouted with a face full of anxiety.