Upon hearing this, the family head of that lineage family’s face sank, “Chen Ping, I can’t kill you on my own, but we have dozens of clans and lineages here, so if we want to join forces to kill you, wouldn’t it be as easy as a hand ……”
This family head of the lineage also dared to speak to Chen Ping in such a manner because he had Zhu Zhi Shan as his backer and many members of the Martial Dao Alliance with him.
“Humph, a bunch of rabble, if I kill you, see who dares to stop ……”
Chen Ping coldly snorted, and suddenly reached out with a palm.
Chen Ping’s slap was very sudden, no one expected that Chen Ping would dare to make a move on such an occasion, everyone else was just playing with their mouths.
If he wanted to make a move, he would have done so after he had gone out, and if he dared to do so at the venue, was he not looking for death?
But Chen Ping did it, slapping the head of the family head with his palm, directly exploding it, splattering blood and instantly filling the whole hall with the smell of blood.
At this moment, the whole hall fell into dead silence!
Everyone looked at Chen Ping in shock, even Dong Liqun!
“Who else dares to beep? My fist doesn’t recognise people ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked coldly at the crowd.
This time, all of them shut their mouths, no one wanted to provoke Chen Ping, the fierce star!
The old face of Zhu Zhishan was red with anger, and his killing aura instantly spread out, while those members of the Martial Alliance, too, all revealed their killing aura.
Chen Ping was under the murderous aura of these people, but his face did not change and his heart did not jump, he did not have the slightest fear!
Chen Ping’s gaze fell on Long Jingguo, who had never shown any murderous aura from the beginning to the end, only noticing Chen Ping with the corner of his eyes.
On the other hand, Chen Ping’s eyes were full of hatred towards this uncle of his, he could not wait to rush up and kill Long Jingguo right now to save his mother.
Long Jingguo felt the chill on Chen Ping’s body and slowly turned his head as well, his gaze looking straight at Chen Ping, no expression visible on his face.
Chen Ping propped his hands on the table and leaned his body slightly forward, bringing his entire face closer to Long Jingguo.
“Long family head, I hope you can take good care of your health, I will make a trip to your Long family sooner or later ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly glued, his obsidian-like eyes emitting an icy and harsh light, giving off an endless sense of oppression.
Long Jingguo, on the other hand, smiled faintly, “Then I’m really welcome, maybe someone from our Long Family would love to meet you!”
Hearing this, Chen Ping’s face became even more grim: “Just you wait, I will!”
The crowd did not understand what the two people, Chen Ping and Long Jingguo, were talking about, but the matter that Chen Ping had just struck out and killed someone, the Martial Alliance would definitely not take it lying down.
“Chen Ping, how dare you directly strike and kill someone in such a venue, do you feel that you can do whatever you want just because Mr. Shi is behind you?”
The murderous aura on Zhu Zhishan’s body rose up, gritting his teeth tightly and clenching his hands into fists, he could not wait to strike at Chen Ping right away.
“If you are not convinced, you can compete with me, what is the difference between killing someone in the venue and walking out of here?”
“Aren’t you similarly laying a net of heaven and earth outside, waiting for me to drill into it?”
Chen Ping looked coldly at Zhu Zhishan and said in an overbearing manner.
Zhu Zhishan was instantly rendered speechless by Chen Ping’s question, he had indeed laid a heavenly net outside, waiting to kill Chen Ping, but how would Chen Ping know that?
“Fine, if you say so, then I will wait for Mr. Shi to come and give justice to my Martial Alliance ……”
Zhu Zhishan finished speaking and did not speak, but waited for Mr. Shi to arrive.
“Mr. Chen, you killed someone with your hands at the venue, I’m afraid that when Mr. Shi comes, you won’t be able to give an account ……”
Dong Liqun was on top of Chen Ping and whispered to him.
“Don’t worry, how do you know, this is not what Mr. Shi wants me to kill?”
Chen Ping said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised.