However, what Jin Yuan waited for was not the feeling of being swallowed by a demonic beast, when he opened his eyes, he found his father, Jin Lifu, towering in front of him, while the flying demonic beast in front of him had long since turned into a puddle of flesh!
“Dad …………” Seeing his father, Jin Yuan’s eyes were filled with surprise: “You… . why are you here?”
“If I hadn’t come, you would have become a meal in the belly of a demonic beast by now!”
Jin Li Fu snorted coldly, then charged directly towards those flying demon beasts.
On the ground, Ge Cang Sheng and Lu Bu Wei and the others had already brought their men to the Demonic Beast Secret Realm, and facing the tide of beasts, these men instantly charged and killed them.
This sudden addition of hundreds of people tipped the scales of victory directly in favour of the humans, and the demonic beasts that came crashing in from the tide of beasts were beaten back, fewer and fewer!
In the end, all the demonic beasts in the tide turned their heads and fled, only they didn’t go after them!
Because in this demonic beast mountain range, so many years also did not hunt demonic beasts, then the depths of this demonic beast mountain range, when there will be a lot of high-level demonic beasts, if really encounter the entire demonic beast mountain range master, afraid that none of them will be able to leave!
Besides, they were just rescuing people, as long as they drove the demonic beasts away, that would be fine, there was no need to kill all the demonic beasts!
Looking at the corpses of demonic beasts on the ground, many people began to take beast pills in droves, while Ge Cansheng found Ge Yuhan and Hou Zhen and said, “Have you seen Mr. Chen?”
“Dad, Mr. Chen has just gone after that Flaming Tiger, he can’t be seen now!”
Ge Yuhan said.
“Went after the Flaming Tiger?” Ge Cansheng frowned!
One had to know that the Blazing Tiger’s ability was simply not something that Chen Ping’s strength could handle.
“Yes, Mr. Chen wants to kill the Flaming Tiger and make this beast tide stop!”
At this moment, Hou Zhen also nodded and said.
This time, Ge Cansheng panicked, in this vast demonic beast mountain range, if he went to find someone, it would be harder than finding a needle in a haystack!
But even if it was difficult, Ge Cansheng still had to look for him, because Chen Ping’s relationship with the Ge family was extraordinary!
“All Ge family members, listen to the order, go look for Mr. Chen immediately, and save him beyond compare ……”
Ge Cansheng roared at the Ge family members!
“Yes!” All of the Ge family members gave up on taking the beast pills, then formed up in formation, intending to go look for Chen Ping!
“Old Ge, don’t be impulsive, no one has been entering this demonic beast mountain range for many years, there’s no telling how many dangers there are!”
“It will be dangerous for you to lead people into the depths of the mountain range in search of Mr. Chen like this!”
Jiang Wu Ya stopped Ge Cansheng and said.
“I’ll go looking even if it’s dangerous, I must not leave Mr. Chen alone in this demonic beast secret realm!”
Ge Cansheng said with a determined face!
“Old Ge, the Demon Beast Mountain Range is so huge, where are you going to look for it? If you can’t find the person, all the members of your Ge family will probably die inside!”
Jiang Wuya stopped Ge Cansheng dead in his tracks, not letting him go searching at all!
In fact, Ge Cansheng himself knew that with such a large mountain range of demonic beasts, how could he find Chen Ping with just a few people?
Moreover, the level of danger in the depths of this mountain range was not something he could handle!
But if he didn’t look for him, as a member of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, Ge Cansheng would not be able to forgive himself!
“Dad, why don’t I bring some people and wait for Mr. Chen at the foot of this demonic beast mountain range, perhaps Mr. Chen will come out in a while!”
Ge Yuhan said to Ge Cansheng!
When Ge Cang Sheng heard this, he had no choice but to do so, and after letting Ge Yu Han bring his men to stay at the foot of the Demon Beast Mountain Range, everyone else left the Demon Beast Secret Realm!
At this moment, Chen Ping didn’t even know that he only had the Flaming Tiger in his eyes, constantly chasing after him!
At this moment, he was aroused by this Flaming Tiger, he must catch this fellow and kill it!