“People die for money, birds die for food, this is the constant truth, since it has entered the God and Devil battlefield, then we must have the consciousness of being killed, after all, in this God and Devil battlefield, there are no rules to speak of.”
“The weak is strong, the law of the forest, it will always be the big fish eating the small fish, the small fish eating the shrimp ah ……”
Chen Ping sighed for a while!
The three of them continued to move forward, and along the way, the bodies of cultivators were constantly being discovered!
It seemed that near the closure of the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, these cultivators had all gone crazy killing as well!
After all, if they didn’t make a move, when the Divine Demon Battlefield closed, then there would be no chance!
And in front of Chen Ping and the others only a hundred miles away, Zou Qi and the rest of them, the Heavenly Underworld Gang members, were all smiling and happy, and had taken quite a lot of treasures and resources on their bodies!
Qi Peijia, on the other hand, was walking coldly in front without the slightest expression on his face!
On this journey, he killed everyone he saw and then snatched the treasures!
Anyway, the Divine Demon Battlefield was about to close, so Qi Peijia didn’t want to look for treasures, looking for treasures wasn’t as quick as killing people and looting them!
“Hahaha, follow the gang master, eat three times a day ……”
“Gang master is really divine, in the future, I’m afraid that the entire Heavenly Devil Mountain, all have to be honoured by the gang master, this is really the blessing of our Heavenly Underworld Gang ah!”
Zou Qi’s face was full of happiness, constantly patting Qi Peijia’s arse!
Qi Peijia was that Zou Qi is also patted comfortably, coldly smiled and said, “Little Heavenly Devil Mountain counts what, I want to be the master of the southern region, and even the entire celestial realm of the master!”
Qi Peijia’s ambition was great, after all, he had experienced strange encounters that others had never experienced before!
“The gang master is right, to be the master of the Celestial Realm, when the time comes, what five domain lords, what Demon Sealing Alliance, all for him to be destroyed ……”
Zou Qi only knew how to brag at the moment, even the five great domain lords were not in his eyes anymore.
“What a big mouth, a district devil cultivator, the five great domain lords are not even in your eyes anymore!”
As soon as Zou Qi’s words fell, five cultivators dressed in white suddenly appeared in front of Qi Peijia and the others!
These five people were stony-faced, staring dead-eyed at the treasures in Zou Qi’s and their hands!
Moreover, these five people were also very strong, two Transition Realm Seventh Grade, and three Transition Realm Sixth Grade, for this kind of strength, it was considered bullish!
Qi Peijia saw that someone actually dared to take the initiative to stop him, he immediately smiled coldly “Who are you people?”
“Gang Master, these five guys are the Five Sons of Renjie, they are all very strong.”
Zou Qi’s face changed slightly when he saw those five people and said to Qi Peijia!
“What the hell are the Five Sons of Renjie?” Qi Peijia did not recognise it!
“These are the five people nicknamed, the five of them belong to one of the five major clans in the Southern Domain Fancheng, and each clan selected a young talent to form the Five Sons of Renjie.”
Zou Qi explained after Qi Peijia!
When Qi Pei Jia heard this, the corner of his mouth immediately raised and said “What the hell Human Jie Five Sons, running into me counts them as unlucky.”
Seeing Qi Peijia actually not afraid at all, the five people were a bit surprised!
After all, the name of their Five Sons of Human Jie was very famous in this area of the Heavenly Devil Mountain, how come Qi Peijia didn’t recognise it?
Qi Peijia used to be nothing more than a casual cultivator, and then he was thrown into the Devil Swallowing Cave and received a strange encounter!
And this Human Jie Five hadn’t been formed for a long time, and although they were very famous, it was quite normal that Qi Peijia didn’t know about it!
The five people watched Qi Pei A and saw that Qi Pei had a cold expression and a proud face!
A black coat was bulging with a strange pattern on it!
Moreover, the thick bloodbath aura on Qi Pei Jia’s body was constantly filling the air, giving off an extremely stern aura!
“This fellow Daoist, you killed quite a few of our Five Sect disciples along the way and snatched a lot of treasures that belong to us, I hope you can return them.”
“As long as you’re willing to hand over the treasures, we can refrain from doing anything and just let you guys go through without making a big fuss.”
Among the five people, the leader of the group, a youth with a long sword and white skin, said!