“Fine, then we’ll go to the island, big deal, we’ll fight once more!”
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang also nodded.
The dilapidated spirit boat began to move forward continuously, this time Chen Ping they didn’t need to be looking for that small island specifically, by following this direction, they would definitely be able to see it!
And at this moment, on the surface of the sea where Chen Ping was facing them, a huge spirit boat was sailing fast on the wind and waves.
“Speed up, hurry up ……”
On top of the deck, the Patriarch of the Zhentian Dharma Sect, Mu Qiufeng, looked at the sea with a grave expression on his face, and after receiving the message of support, he had brought his team to set off right away.
“Patriarch, you don’t have to worry excessively, Elder Liu and the others will be fine, even if there are a few formation masters amongst these medicine masters, it must be just to better navigate the spirit boat.”
“Maybe by now, Elder Liu and the others have already subdued those pill masters and are rushing towards this side!”
A man with a slim figure relieved Mu Qiufeng!
“I’m not worried about those formation masters, our spirit boat has heavy spell formations on top of it, as well as our Zhentian Law Sect’s secret techniques, Elder Liu and the others will be fine.”
“I’m just worried that they don’t get caught in the stormy sea, this year’s storm can be far too powerful compared to previous years, if they do get caught in it, I’m afraid it will be hard to survive.”
Mu Qiufeng wasn’t worried that Elder Liu and the others would be defeated by the pill masters.
Even if there were a few Formation Masters within these Medicine Masters, they definitely knew that Spirit Boats travelling a long distance needed Formation Masters to manipulate the Spirit Formation and then give the Spirit Boat a guarantee, if there were no Formation Masters to guarantee the Spirit Boat, there was no way for the Spirit Boat to break through the winds and waves, travelling such a long distance!
These few formation masters, were by no means a match for Elder Liu and the others, what Mu Qiufeng was worried about was that Elder Liu had misjudged the power of the storm, and was sucked in by it!
“Sovereign, a boat is coming over ……”
At this moment, that Heavenly Zenith Law Sect disciple shouted!
Mu Qiufeng looked over and indeed saw a broken spirit boat moving towards this side, the spirit boat looked like it was about to fall apart in general!
“Such a broken spirit boat, did it rush out from the stormy sea?”
Someone said!
“It can’t be the spirit boat of our Sky-Shattering Dharma Sect, right?”
Another person said.
“Go over and take a look, few people come here, let’s see what kind of people these are.”
Mu Qiufeng waved his hand and said!
As the two spirit boats continued to approach, Mu Qiufeng frowned slightly and said, “This isn’t our Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect’s spirit boat, the formations on this spirit boat aren’t right.”
Even if the spirit boats were built the same, the formation that catalysed the spirit boat, and the formation that protected the spirit boat, were not the same, so relying on the formation would be able to tell the difference!
And at this time, Chen Ping, who was on the spirit boat, was also shouted onto the deck by Chen Wenliang: “Fellow Daoist Chen, look at another spirit boat coming in the distance, I wonder if it’s the boat of the Heaven Beheading Law Sect.”
Chen Ping took a look and felt the formations on that spirit boat, nodded and said, “It is the spirit boat of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect ……”
Chen Wenliang’s face tightened before he said, “Then I will immediately inform the crowd to prepare for battle.”
“No need to do that first, President Chen, you take all the apothecaries and hide inside the cabin, don’t expose your breath or make any noise.”
“If we can muddle through, then there is no need for a fight to occur.”
Chen Ping knew that in the event of a fight, it was estimated that many of these pill masters would die.
“Good!”Chen Wenliang nodded!
All the pill masters hid in the cabin, surrounded by formations to hide their breath.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had Gu Tianzhao lead the people from the Two Yi Sect, all of whom stood on top of the deck, and headed straight towards the Spirit Boat of the Heaven Beheading Law Sect!
Soon, the two spirit boats stopped face to face tens of metres apart!
Chen Ping and his spirit boat was ragged and tattered, and in front of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect’s spirit boat, it looked a lot shabbier!
It was also because of this that these people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect did not recognise that this was the spirit boat that Elder Liu was piloting!