After everyone had left, Ning Zhi knelt down directly, “My subordinates greet Elder Black Silver Robe ……”
The black silver robe pulled out a shimmering silver vajra directly from within his black robe!
“The Great Power knows of your situation and has ordered me to bring you a Martial Saint’s Artifact, in times of crisis, this Martial Saint’s Artifact can keep you safe.”
The black silver robe said, handing that vajra pestle to Ning Zhi!
Ning Zhi looked at the vajra, his eyes filled with fire!
This was a Martial Saint Artifact, a weapon once used by a true Martial Saint.
Although he didn’t know what had happened to the owner of this Martial Saint’s weapon, this Martial Saint’s weapon, infused with the power of a Martial Saint, would be as easy to use against a Great Martial Lord!
“My subordinate thanks the great power, I will do my best to run the Martial Alliance ……”
Ning Zhi said with an excited look on his face.
“The great power has said that that Chen Ping is also a rare and wondrous talent, it would be best if he can be brought in to become his own, if not, seek peace for now and don’t start any more conflicts with him, you have more important things to do!”
Black Silver Robe said.
“Elder Black Silver Robe, this Chen Ping’s girlfriend is being held in the Martial Alliance dungeon, if you want to make peace with that Chen Ping, you can only do so by releasing his girlfriend.”
Ning Zhi looked puzzled.
If Su Yuqi wasn’t released, how could Chen Ping possibly follow the Martial Dao Alliance and make peace!
“Stupid ……”
Black Silver Robe coldly shouted, “A woman is just a woman, it won’t be that important, now that the Martial Dao Alliance has so many resources in their hands, just promise some to that Chen Ping, in front of women and resources, I believe all cultivators, will choose resources!”
“I understand!”
Ning Zhi nodded his head repeatedly, he knew what would happen if he P*ssed off a black and silver robed elder!
With a burst of black mist rising up, the black and silver robe instantly disappeared!
Ning Zhi got up with the vajra pestle in his hand, his eyes filled with fire!
With the vajra in his hand, Ning Zhi did not want to follow Chen Ping to make peace!
He wanted to kill Chen Ping and avenge his father and the entire Ning family!
Just after Ning Zhi rose up with the thought of killing Chen Ping to avenge his death, the spirit in his mind instantly spoke, “You had better do as the mighty one wishes, or else you and I will both die a miserable death ……”
The spirit’s words instantly caused Ning Zhi to squash his thoughts of revenge!
“Someone come …………”
Ning Zhi shouted outwardly.
“What is the order, Ning …… Alliance Master?”
A member of the Martial Alliance asked.
This member almost shouted the wrong way too and lost his life!
“Go find that Chen Ping and bring him a message, saying that I want to invite him to a gathering at the Martial Dao Alliance and have some words with him!”
Ning Zhi instructed.
“Looking for …… for that Chen Ping?”
There was panic in the eyes of this member of the Martial Dao Alliance!
They all knew that Chen Ping’s current strength, and that Chen Ping hated the Martial Dao Alliance to the bone, so if they, the members of the Martial Dao Alliance, took the initiative to send themselves to Chen Ping, wouldn’t that be seeking death?
“Didn’t you hear?”
Looking at the terrified look of that Martial Dao Alliance member, Ning Zhi said with a frown.
“As ordered, as ordered ……”
That Martial Alliance member hurriedly retreated!
And Ning Zhi sighed, “I didn’t expect that Chen Ping had caused so much pressure on the Martial Dao Alliance ……”
“With the Martial Saint Weapon around, you don’t have to be afraid, talk properly ……”
Soul Spirit spoke indifferently.
“I’m just afraid that that Chen Ping won’t eat the wine with respect, this guy is very strange.”
It wasn’t that Ning Zhi didn’t want to talk, if he could really make peace, he would have a chance to cultivate in peace.
When the time came, as long as he was strong enough, he was still afraid that he wouldn’t be able to find an opportunity to seek revenge on Chen Ping?
“When you are making peace, it will be much easier to show the Martial Saint Artifact so that he can see the threat ……”
The spirit was giving Ning Zhi an idea!
“That’s also true!”
Ning Zhi nodded.