…………
Kyoto, Long family!
Long Jingguo looked at his son Long Xiao in front of him with a very complicated expression.
Only to see that Long Xiao’s body was rotting a lot, accompanied by a burst of putrid odour, if it wasn’t wrapped in clothes, it would probably be able to scare people to death.
Long Jingguo had seen a lot of things, he could tell what was going on with Long Xiao at a glance.
“Xiao’er, what is going on here, where is your master, Venerable Fixed Elucidation?”
Long Jingguo asked to Long Xiao.
“Dad, my master has already glorified the Ultimate Bliss World, but he passed on all of his power to me.”
“The current me has already broken through to Martial Marquis, it won’t take long, no one in the entire Kyoto martial arts world will be my opponent.”
Long Xiao said with incomparable confidence.
Looking at Long Xiao like this, Long Jingguo had an indescribable feeling in his heart.
The person in front of him could be said to no longer be his son, or he could be said to be!
“Xiao’er, how did you get possessed by a spirit?”Long Jingguo couldn’t understand how Long Xiao had become like this when there was a Fixed Elucidator watching.
“Dad, it’s all because of that Chen Ping, if it wasn’t for him, how would my body be ruined.”
“My master can’t heal my body at all, I don’t want to spend my whole life in bed, I want to find that Chen Ping to take revenge, revenge ……”
“It’s just a pity that that Chen Ping is dead, I can’t kill him with my own hands anymore, this is my greatest regret!”
Long Xiao’s eyes flashed with a stern colour, how he wanted to personally let Chen Ping also taste the taste of being wasted.
“That Chen Ping didn’t die that easily!”
Long Jingguo said indifferently.
“What? Could it be that Chen Ping didn’t die? But Alliance Master Zhu said that he personally killed Chen Ping.”
Long Xiao was surprised.
“He is definitely still alive, there are not many who know the secrets on him, and I am one of them.”
Long Jingguo’s eyes narrowed slightly, his face was filled with sorrow
“That’s great, if Chen Ping doesn’t die, I’ll be able to waste him with my own hands.”
Long Xiao said with an excited face.
He was excited that Chen Ping was not dead, but Long Jingguo had a sad face.
“Xiao’er, there are some things that you don’t know yet, let me tell you ……”
Long Jingguo approached towards Long Xiao, but the moment he was close to Long Xiao, he violently slapped towards him.
He wanted to force the soul spirit in Long Xiao’s body away, even if Long Xiao was really ruined, he was still his own son, but now all that was left of Long Xiao was just a body.
Right now, Long Xiao could still control his mind and brain, really when the soul spirit was strong, it would take over Long Xiao’s mind, and then the control of the body would be in the hands of that soul spirit.
Long Jingguo didn’t want his son to become something inhuman and ghostly.
“Dad, what are you doing?”
Long Xiao was startled and his body instinctively retreated backwards.
Only just after taking a step back, Long Xiao’s eyes flashed with light, followed by an instant transformation in his body’s aura.
“Old thing, you want to harm me ……”
A pale and odd voice came out of Long Xiao’s mouth, followed by Long Xiao’s pair of dry hands, grabbing towards Long Jingguo.
Long Jingguo shot out to block, but he didn’t dare to put his best foot forward, he was afraid of hurting Long Xiao’s body.
But just as Long Jingguo made a move to block, Long Xiao’s other hand directly clasped Long Jingguo’s neck!
A sense of suffocation instantly surged into Long Jingguo’s head.
“Today, I’ll suck your power, too ……”
Saying that, Long Xiao put his hand on top of Long Jingguo’s head, and soon Long Jingguo felt that the gong power in his body was losing rapidly!
“Stop, stop ……”
Long Xiao suddenly let go of Long Jingguo, and then roared with vigour.
This was Long Xiao fighting for control of his body after the souls in his body.
“If you dare to hurt my father, I will kill myself and die with you ……”
Long Xiao threatened loudly to the soul spirit.
Soon, the soul spirit was silent, and Long Xiao looked at Long Jingguo: “Dad, are you alright?”
Long Jingguo looked at Long Xiao in front of him and sighed heavily.
“Xiao’er, don’t worry, I will definitely let you recover as before.”
After Long Jingguo finished speaking, he turned around and walked towards the secret room of the Long family.
He was going to go and force Long Ruotong, he wanted to know the secret he wanted to know!
Because at this moment, this secret was not only related to the life and death of the Long family, but also the life of Long Xiao.