If Chen Ping had been here, Yue Buqun didn’t know how long he would be able to protect Chen Ping!
What he had just said about exploding himself was just to scare Leng Wu Dao!
All the people from the three sects and six schools were here, even if Yue Buqun were to explode himself, would these people look on indifferently?
After all, self-destructing would bring harm to the others as well!
When the time comes to threaten the interests of the others, these people will unite and Yue Buqun’s Pure Yang Sect will not have the slightest room for resistance!
While Leng Wu Dao was frightened by himself, he wanted Chen Ping to escape quickly!
Chen Ping nodded, then turned around and ran!
Seeing this, Leng Wu Dao was just about to make his move, but he saw Yue Bu Qun immediately step forward and make a desperate gesture in front of Leng Wu Dao!
With that, Leng Wu Dao watched as Chen Ping disappeared from in front of him!
“Yue Buqun, my Flying Star Sect, from now on, will not rest with your Pure Yang Sect until death ……”
Leng Wu Dao gritted his teeth and said.
“You think I’m afraid of you!”
Yue Buqun also did not show any weakness at all!
Yue Buqun and Leng Wu Dao, both of them were looking at each other with a gaze of tiger eyes!
But soon, Leng Wu Dao suddenly revealed a smile at the corner of his mouth, and then spoke, “Yue Bu Qun, I really let you bluff just now, now that everyone is here, even if you want to explode yourself, the others will stop you, there is no way you can succeed.”
“Since that Chen Ping is in this secret realm, there is no way I will let him escape, even if I have to fight with all of my Flying Star Sect.”
“Everyone present, if any of you come across that Chen Ping and kill him, I, Leng Wu Dao, am willing to give him all the resources of the Flying Star Sect for three years.”
“As you can see, that Chen Ping is now severely injured and is as good as a wasted man, killing him does not require much effort!”
Leng Wu Dao knew that with such a large secret realm, Faintly relying on his Flying Star Sect to find Chen Ping, he was afraid that it would be difficult to find the way, and there was still Yue Bu Qun in the way!
He could ask everyone from the three sects and six factions to find Chen Ping and kill that Chen Ping, he didn’t believe that this Yue Buqun could still follow all the sects of the Hidden Realm as enemies!
Sure enough, as soon as Leng Wu Dao’s words left his mouth, a searing heat appeared in everyone’s eyes, their expressions rising with excitement.
Although they had followed Chen Ping without any enmity, they could kill an unrelated person in the face of the huge benefits of resources.
At this moment, Yue Buqun’s face was extremely ugly, and he could only say loudly and threateningly, “If anyone lays a hand on Mr. Chen, I, Yue Buqun, will fight him to the death ……”
Only, at this moment, Yue Buqun’s threat looked somewhat insignificant in the eyes of all these people!
Yue Buqun’s strength was not enough to follow the entire Hidden Realm’s sects in resistance!
Right now, Yue Buqun could only pray that Chen Ping could hide far away, or even leave this secret realm!
At this moment, Chen Ping was running desperately, his strength was suppressed, leaving him with no other choice but to run for his life!
But what Chen Ping didn’t know was that there were already many people splitting up throughout the secret realm looking for him right now!
“You have to find the place marked on the map quickly, only when you get to that place can I help you.”
The old man’s voice rang out in Chen Ping’s ears!
Chen Ping really wanted to curse twice at this moment, he also wanted to find that place as soon as possible, but walking in the middle of this mountain forest and having to constantly identify the map’s direction, it was simply not fast enough!
“What exactly is the place you’re looking for? Could it be that once you reach this place, you will be able to come back to life again?”
Chen Ping did not understand what kind of person this old man was, even without his soul, could he still be resurrected by relying on his skull?
Chen Ping had seen souls come back to life, but he had never seen one that could come back to life just by relying on his skull!
“What do you know, my soul has not dissipated, it’s just that it’s no longer in this place. When we wait for that place, using my skull, we will be able to locate the coordinates and allow my soul to shuttle to this place.”
“When my soul spirit arrives, those guys who just bullied you, in my eyes, are no better than ants ……”
The old man said with great pride!