“Just this, and you want to trap me?”
Chen Ping walked out with a cold smile on his face!
Shi Yan climbed up from the ground, his eyes filled with incredulity as he looked at Chen Ping!
“What the …… hell is going on here? Hasn’t the strength within you been suppressed?”
Shi Yan did not understand why Chen Ping’s strength was not suppressed!
“As I said, you should not imagine yourself to be too perfect ……”
Chen Ping sneered disdainfully.
The Laws of Heaven and Earth had no way of suppressing Chen Ping’s strength, let alone the suppressive power emanating from a mere suppression magic weapon!
Shi Yan’s face became incomparably ugly, he had not expected Chen Ping’s strength to not be suppressed!
“Chen Ping, since I failed to trap you, I will kill you today, and I believe that Lord Demon Envoy will not blame me ……”
When Ning Zhi saw Chen Ping break free from the chamber, instead of being angry, there was a strong excitement in his eyes!
Because only then could he follow Chen Ping to a real fight!
He could take revenge for his father and for the Ning family ……
At this moment, Ning Zhi was incomparably confident, with the strength of a fourth grade Martial Saint, if you look at the entire martial world, you can say that he was invincible!
“There are too many people who have wanted to kill me, it’s just a pity that none of them have succeeded, and you won’t be an exception ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
This smile looked in Ning Zhi’s eyes as the greatest humiliation and provocation to him!
Ning Zhi’s obsidian-like eyes emitted an icy, harsh light, giving off an endless sense of oppression.
And Chen Ping’s body also emitted a similarly dense killing intent, and the entire Hundred Refinements Pavilion was shrouded in an aura of slaughter!
“Let’s make an end to this today ……”
Ning Zhi clenched his fists as the aura on his body erupted.
The two sides’ auras instantly collided into one another, resounding with a burst of sound as the entire void trembled!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi and that Shi Yan hurriedly retreated backwards.
A fight between two Martial Saints, even the aftermath, was not something they could withstand!
“Go to hell ……”
Ning Zhi, amidst the clash of breaths, could not restrain his killing intent and took the lead in attacking towards Chen Ping.
Ning Zhi slammed his fist into Chen Ping, the wind of his fist Huo Huo, the power of a Martial Saint sweeping out.
Faced with Ning Zhi’s fierce fist, Chen Ping acted calmly, not a trace of fear in his eyes, standing motionless with his hands behind his back!
There was disdain and mockery in his ice-cold eyes!
Shi Yan at the side was surprised to see that Chen Ping did not move at all, knowing that Ning Zhi’s punch was the power of a Martial Saint, capable of collapsing a small mountain, yet Chen Ping did not move at all in the face of this punch!
Could it be that he had been frightened by the power of this punch and was too scared to move?
Shi Yan speculated in disbelief, but Hu Puzi on the other side was a little anxious!
Although Hu Ma Zi knew that Chen Ping’s strength was now so strong that even that Kuroki Kawasaki was no match when he was on the island!
But that didn’t mean that Chen Ping could face a Martial Saint with such ease and not move a muscle, right?
One must know that a Martial Saint duel, that the slightest slip up would send his soul flying.
“Chen Ping, be careful ……”
Pocky Hu shouted, he didn’t want Chen Ping to end up putting his life on the line just to play hard to get!
But Hu Pocky’s shout didn’t seem to work at all, Chen Ping acted as if he hadn’t heard it, still motionless!
Chen Ping standing motionless was, in Ning Zhi’s eyes, a great insult to himself!
Ning Zhi gritted his teeth and increased the force in his hands a few more times!
Boom ……
Ning Zhi’s punch struck Chen Ping’s body with a fierce blow!
The huge force exploded on Chen Ping’s body, and the surrounding buildings and trees were all turned into powder in an instant, as the tornado-like aftershocks continued to devastate the surroundings.