As Chen Ping’s subordinate, although Lin Tianhu was not strong, he would not leave Chen Ping to escape from the battlefield.
Knowing that it was death, he would still fight.
“Mr. Chen, I am content to work under you for such a long time, if there is an afterlife, I am willing to continue to follow Mr. Chen around ……”
Red Phoenix also said with a determined face.
After saying that, Red Phoenix and Lin Tianhu looked at each other, the two of them held a determination to die, even if they could only delay for a few seconds, they had to buy time for Chen Ping to escape.
“Nonsense ……” Chen Ping frowned slightly, “I let you guys go first, I naturally have a way to escape myself, if you guys stay, you will only add to my figure… …”
Chen Ping rarely snapped at Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, but this time, his tone was unusually harsh.
Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng looked at Chen Ping like that, the two were silent, they didn’t know what to do.
“I’m not leaving ……” At this time, Xiao Lan, who was behind Chen Ping, spoke up with a face full of guilt, “If I hadn’t stopped you from killing that Ning Yu, this wouldn’t have happened, and since it started because of me, I would never have left ……”
Xiao Lan was regretting at this time, if she hadn’t stopped at that time, then Ning Yu wouldn’t have been able to live and there would have been no chance to get Xiahou Dun to come.
Now that things had turned out like this, Xiaolan was guilty, and if Chen Ping had a problem, she was afraid that she would not forgive herself.
“Mr. Chen, we won’t leave either, big deal, I’ll give up my old bones to go ……”
Bai Xiushan also said with a determined face.
Chen Ping looked at several people who simply could not escape first, and could only smile helplessly, but was still somewhat moved inside.
“You guys just don’t think about escaping, none of you will be able to escape ……”
Xiahou Dun seemed to have seen Chen Ping’s attempts and sneered.
“Lord Xiamen, I am Bai Xiushan, the head of the Bai family in Kyoto, I wonder if I could …………”
Before Bai Xiushan could finish his words, he only saw Xiahou Dun raise his hand, “For the sake of your Bai family, you can go, if you want to plead for this kid, it is simply impossible, even if the King of Heaven came, he would not be able to save him ……”
When Bai Xiushan heard this, his face turned red for a while, the other party did not sell him face at all.
“Elder Bai, life and death are not yet determined, you don’t need to beg him ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly appeared.
“Good boy, today I will use your blood to sacrifice my son ……”
After saying that, the terrifying aura from Xiahou Dun’s body filled out, followed by a step out, and a huge mighty pressure, like a gale, swept out.
Many people could not withstand the pressure and retreated backwards.
As Chen Ping gritted his teeth, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand rose up in crimson flames and slashed at Xiahou Dun with one blow.
This sword contained all of Chen Ping’s power. Xiahou Dun was a Martial Arts Sect, and even though Chen Ping had the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, he did not dare to be the least bit careless.
After all, he had just fought with Ning Yu, Chen Ping had not yet fully recovered his strength, and at this moment, following Xiahou Dun, he could only go all out.
Xiahou Dun frowned slightly, he did not expect Chen Ping to be so strong at such an age.
This punch instantly sent a ripple through mid-air, followed by a loud bang!
Chen Ping’s sword slashed at the ripples, and he was directly shaken and sent flying.
When the crowd saw this scene, they were all shocked. At this moment, anyone could see that Chen Ping was no match for Xiahou Dun.
Xiahou Dun also took two steps back, rubbing his fist, with a bit of fire in his eyes, he said, “It is indeed a precious sword, when I kill you, this sword will be mine.”