Chen Ping decided to try to condense the magic pattern, if he did not suffer any backlash or resistance during the process of condensing the magic pattern, then it would be proof of his guess!
Chen Ping looked at a magic pattern and began to carve it in mid-air, knowing that at this time, Chen Ping already had an innate divine pattern in his body, and was able to perceive it very well when carving the divine pattern!
But the magic pattern was different, but Chen Ping surprisingly didn’t find the slightest thing wrong when he was carving the magic pattern, and it was also very silky smooth!
It seems that I should have been right in thinking that even if I learnt divine patterns, I would still be able to continue practicing magic patterns!
Without any worries, Chen Ping unexpectedly began to rapidly carve the magic pattern, a magic pattern flashed within Chen Ping’s body, I don’t know how long it took, the spiritual energy surged wildly in all directions, as if rushing seawater surged towards Chen Ping!
The magic patterns in the sky were also trembling slightly, as if they were responding to Chen Ping!
The Formation Demon and the Divine Ripple Ancestor were dumbfounded when they saw this scene!
“What the hell? Is this fellow about to condense his innate demonic pattern?”
The Formation Devil said in astonishment!
A flash of shock also flashed across the Divine Patterns Old Ancestor’s face as he said, “How is it possible that the Innate Divine Pattern and the Innate Demonic Pattern can be condensed in one person at the same time?”
It was simply unimaginable, such a thing was too shocking!
It had never occurred to them that magic patterns and divine patterns could still appear on a person at the same time!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was surrounded by black mist, and demonic aura continuously emerged from those demonic patterns!
The entire sky was trembling more than once!
Even the earth beneath his feet was trembling!
“This fellow, human devil beast, all three races’ auras are in his own body, and now he can condense the demonic and divine patterns into one, this is not something that can be explained by talent.”
The Formation Demon’s face changed drastically as he said!
“This spatial world of mine, it won’t be destroyed by this brat, right?”
The Divine Pattern Ancestor was very worried!
With his current strength, if he was asked to open up another piece of spatial world out, he wouldn’t have that ability anymore!
“Elder brother, if this kid is able to break open the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, you still need a f*cking Spatial World ah, the two of us will return to the Heavenly Realm.”
Excitement began to grow in the eyes of the Formation Devil!
This guy, Chen Ping, was a demonic genius and might really be able to break open the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation!
At this moment, Chen Ping had no idea what the two people were thinking, only to see that in Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, the Intrinsic Divine Ripple trembled!
At the same time, on the side of the innate divine pattern, the innate demonic pattern was also slowly being generated!
The Intrinsic God Ripple was like Chen Ping’s left arm, becoming a part of his body!
And that Intrinsic Demonic Ripple was like Chen Ping’s right arm, also a part of the body!
In the centre of Chen Ping, a walnut-sized radiance linked the Intrinsic Divine Pattern and the Intrinsic Demonic Pattern!
Every time this radiance pulsed, it caused the Innate Divine Pattern and the Innate Demonic Pattern to link!
At the same time both life lines were growing!
Spiritual qi and demonic qi were frantically gathering in all directions!
The auras emanating from the roiling demonic patterns were all being absorbed by Chen Ping crazily as well!
Along with a subtle aura that continued to diffuse along Chen Ping’s body!
The two life lines were actually slowly merging, producing a peculiar aura!
This aura was continuously diffusing, Chen Ping’s entire body was as if he was immersed in a hot spring, his body was very comfortable!
“This breath …… This breath is so strange, it doesn’t belong to your divine pattern, nor does it belong to my demonic pattern ah!”
The Formation Demon said in surprise as he felt the aura permeating Chen Ping’s body!
For his part, the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor did not say a word, and his expression became very odd!
Chen Ping quietly hovered in mid-air, as if a new world had opened up in his entire sea of consciousness!
He was now amazed to discover that it turned out that no matter if it was a Divine Pattern or a Demonic Pattern, or even the formation patterns inscribed by the average formation master, these things were not used alone to lay formations!
All formation patterns cultivated to the extreme were capable of evolving all things!
Those ancient great powers, who could change all things with a single finger of their hands, these things did not appear out of thin air, but were made using the interweaving of formation patterns!
It was only that the interweaving arrangement of each pattern was different, and the effects produced were different!
Laying down a formation was only one way of using this kind of pattern, it was not the only one!