At the foot of the Southwest Broken Cliff Peak!
Chen Ping looked at the steep mountain peak, never thought there would be anyone who would build a temple on such a steep place!
But even if it was steep, to Chen Ping it was as flat as a footstep!
After a few leaps and bounds, Chen Ping was heading for the top!
Soon, Chen Ping’s figure appeared at the Kuchan Temple. Looking at the majestic building of the Kuchan Temple, and the believers who were bowing one step at a time, Chen Ping could not understand how these believers had climbed up such a steep place.
How much perseverance and determination would it take for an ordinary man to climb up to this place!
In order not to hurt these ordinary people, Chen Ping flicked his palm, only to see the mountain gate of that Kuchan Temple start to shake violently and begin to collapse!
Seeing this, those believers hurriedly ran out of the Kuk Chan Temple, one by one, far away!
“Dad, what’s going on? It can’t be that Chen Ping coming, can it?”
Shi Yan heard the sound and looked a little panicked as he asked Shi Qingpei.
“I don’t know, go out and take a look ……”
Shi Qingpei said and walked out of the room.
The two people just walked out of the room, they looked at the mountain gate of Kuchan Temple crumbling, and Chen Ping was standing not far away.
When Chen Ping saw the figures of Shi Qingpei’s father and son, the killing aura on his body instantly rose up!
“Chen Ping, I didn’t think you would really dare to come ……”
Seeing that it was really Chen Ping, Shi Yan sneered and said.
“You father and son want to seek death, and I cannot fail you ……”
Chen Ping said and slowly stepped forward!
Seeing Chen Ping walking over, Shi Yan was somewhat abashed and couldn’t help but take two steps backwards!
At this time, a dozen monks with strong auras, also hurriedly ran out, seeing their mountain gate being destroyed, one was full of anger!
“This is the guy who destroyed the mountain gate, you guys hurry up and catch him ……”
Shi Qingpei said to the dozen or so monks who ran out.
These dozen monks also knew that Shi Qingpei was following Jue Yuan, so they all rushed towards Chen Ping!
A hint of disdain appeared at the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth, facing the dozen or so monks rushing towards him, Chen Ping did not move, a terrifying pressure was released from within his body!
An incomparably strong aura, with Chen Ping as the centre, spread out in all directions!
The entire Kuchan Temple trembled as the aura shook, and before these monks could even rush forward, they were all crushed down by this immense force!
One by one, they fell to their knees and no one could raise their heads!
Seeing this scene, Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan were both terrified, knowing that these dozen or so monks from Kuchan Temple were not weak, all of them were at the strength of Grand Martial Marquis!
Some had even reached the peak of Great Martial Marquis, but before they could reach Chen Ping, they were all down!
“With just this rubbish, you couldn’t have injured my people in Kyoto, who was the guy who struck at my Dragon Sect?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Shi Qingpei. ,
Because he knew that with the strength of Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan alone, there was no way they could have beaten up Hu Ma Zi like that too!
Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan were so frightened that their faces turned ugly, but they didn’t just give Jue Yuan away!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s mighty pressure erupted again, and those monks who had fallen to the ground, one by one, only felt a tightness in their chests, followed by a large mouthful of blood spitting out!
Although Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan were far away, they both felt the terrifying pressure, and all of them gritted their teeth and held on!
“What kind of person is making a fuss at Kuchan Temple, causing me to not even be able to play with women ……”
At that moment, a loud voice came out!
The voice carried an endless aura within it, directly knocking out the mighty pressure on Chen Ping.
Those monks who were lying on the ground only felt their bodies lighten as they hurriedly got up and ran away, and Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan often let out a breath!
Chen Ping frowned slightly and looked at the place where the sound had come from.
Only to see Jue Wu, dishevelled and carrying an equally dishevelled girl in his hands, slowly walking out and coming to Chen Ping!
Even in front of the crowd, one of Jue Wu’s hands was still roaming over the girl’s body!