The Kyoto Protector’s Court, this was the headquarters of the entire Kyoto Law Enforcement Department, and everyone who could enter the Kyoto Protector’s Court was almost at the realm of Patriarch!
When Chen Ping and the others arrived at the Kyoto Protectorate Pavilion, Xu Shimao was leading a team to greet them at the entrance!
“Salute …………”
When he saw Zhao Wuji and Chen Ping’s car coming, Xu Shimao shouted out.
All the members of the Dharma Protection Court all saluted.
Looking at this kind of formation, Chen Pingdao felt a little nervous!
“Mr. Chen, you don’t need to be nervous, from now on these guys are also your men, you can do whatever you want, if you want to beat or scold, you can do whatever you want ……”
Zhao Wuji could see that Chen Ping was a little nervous, so he smiled slightly and said.
Chen Ping was stunned and looked at Zhao Wuji in confusion, “Pavilion Master Zhao, what do you mean by that? I just came over to help you with the match ……”
“Let’s not talk about it first, we’ll talk about it inside ……”
Zhao Wuji looked at Chen Ping with a slightly deep smile, which suddenly gave Chen Ping the feeling of falling into a trap.
The two men got out of the car and walked towards the inside of the Protector’s Pavilion.
Bai Xiushan and Bai Zhan Tang went back to the Bai family, while Chen Ping sent Xiaolan to the Pill God Valley, Kyoto was full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons, and there were many people looking for Chen Ping, so Chen Ping did not want Xiaolan to follow him and risk his life.
“Mr. Chen, we meet again ……”
Xu Shimao greeted Chen Ping with a happy face after seeing him.
“Captain Xu, your strength has grown quickly recently ……”
Chen Ping swept a glance at Xu Shimao and found that Xu Shimao had actually reached the strength of the fifth grade of Grand Master.
Xu Shimao smiled awkwardly, “Mr. Chen, don’t make fun of me, rather Mr. Chen is making rapid progress, I heard that you killed Qin Xiaolin not long ago, you know that Qin Xiaolin is a Martial Grandmaster ……”
“Captain Xu, your news is too outdated, a Qin Xiaolin is nothing, just two days ago, Mr. Chen took on Tianwu Sect Master Xiahou Dun and Tianluo Pavilion Master Ni Xidao by himself, guess what happened?”
Zhao Wuji said with a faint smile.
“How did it go?” Xu Shimao hurriedly asked.
“Mr. Chen directly decapitated those two people, not even a crumb was left ……”
When Xu Shimao heard this, he immediately sucked in a breath of cold air, knowing that whether it was Xiahou Dun or Ni Sidao, those were long-established martial arts sects, much stronger than Qin Xiaolin, who had just been promoted to martial arts sect, and now Chen Ping was one-on-two and killed both of them, so Chen Ping’s current strength, that was too terrifying ……
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you should not make fun of me ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
As the group entered the Protector Pavilion, Xu Shimao personally poured tea and water for Chen Ping, while Zhao Wuji invited Chen Ping to sit beside him.
“Mr. Chen, our Kyoto Dharma Protector Pavilion may seem to be strong and powerful on the outside, and it still has a lot of power, but only we ourselves know that this Dharma Protector Pavilion of ours is about to be disbanded ……”
Zhao Wuji said with a soft sigh.
“How do you mean by this, Pavilion Master Zhao?” Chen Ping was puzzled!
“Mr. Chen doesn’t know, every time the international competition is held, our Kyoto Dharma Protector Pavilion almost always finishes at the bottom, and has disgraced our Grand Xia Kingdom, and now there are already rumors from above, saying that this time we are the home competition, and if we fail to get a ranking, then our Dharma Protector Pavilion will be disbanded.
”
Zhao Wuji said in a deep voice.
“Bottom of the table every time? It can’t be that exaggerated, right? Don’t we have any experts in Daxia?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, knowing that the Daxia Kingdom was full of experts, it could be so bad.
“Ai!” Zhao Wuji let out a sigh, “Our Daxia is full of experts, but no expert is willing to join the Dharma Protector Pavilion, in the eyes of those experts, our Dharma Protector Pavilion is just not a good existence, these people either start their own sects or join the Kyoto Martial Arts a*sociation, who would look at a place like the Dharma Protector Pavilion …… “