The black-robed man looked at Chen Ping, and then at Patriarch Chen and the others who were chasing after him, his entire body was wrapped in the Yin Fiendish Qi, and he also made a long jump towards that crack!
Seeing this, Chen Ping condensed Supreme Fire in his hand and instantly slapped it out!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh!
The three Supreme Flames arrived in an instant!
The speed of the fire was so fast that the void began to distort!
When the black-robed man saw Chen Ping’s Supreme Flame coming instantly, he hurriedly shot out a black mist to block it!
But while he blocked the first flame, he was struck by the second and third flames!
The flames filled the black-robed man’s body, enveloping him completely!
The black-robed man screamed miserably as his entire body fell down towards the crack!
Only, along with the black-robed man falling, the flames on his body were rapidly extinguishing!
Chen Ping looked at the bottomless crack and began to hesitate!
He did not understand why both Patriarch Luo and this black-robed man were not torn apart by the wind blades within the crack, but instead, they directly fell down?
At this time, Patriarch Chen arrived with the disciples of the five great clans!
The hunchbacked old man also woke up leisurely!
Looking at the crack in front of him, the hunchbacked old man’s eyes unexpectedly had an aura of refinement in them!
It was evident that he was eager to enter this crack!
“Tell me, what exactly is in this great rift? Why would some people be torn apart by the wind blades within the rift, while others are fine?”
Chen Ping knew that this hunchbacked old man definitely knew some of the secrets of this rift!
“I ……”
The hunchbacked old man did not want to tell Chen Ping!
But when he saw the Demon Drawing Whip in Chen Ping’s hand, his entire body shivered and said truthfully, “This great rift is filled with Yin Fiendish Qi, so as long as you are wrapped in Yin Fiendish Qi, you won’t be torn to shreds if you fall into it.”
“This is also something we have experimented with several disciples ……”
The hunchbacked old man’s words made Chen Ping understand instantly!
Just now, when Patriarch Luo jumped into it, he was wrapped in the Yin Fury Qi!
And that black-robed man was the same reason!
Luckily, Chen Ping himself had Daolord Fury Qi within his body, which was still many times stronger than the Yin Fury Qi!
He could enter into the great rift and rescue Patriarch Luo!
“Patriarch Chen, you guys wait here, I’ll go get Patriarch Luo!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body’s dao patterned baleful aura filled the air, and he directly jumped into the crack!
The moment he jumped into the crack, Chen Ping felt countless wind blades whistling around his body!
It was only because of the Dao Pattern Fury Qi wrapping around his body that these wind blades did not cause any damage to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body was falling rapidly, the wind whistling in his ears!
It was all pitch black before his eyes, and he could not see much of anything!
However, that Yin Fiendish Qi was permeating all around, making the surrounding temperature extremely low!
With such a dense Yin Fiendish Qi, it was unknown how many cultivators and demonic beasts had died in this great rift!
After all, this great rift had existed for thousands of years, and basically all the people and demonic beasts that had fallen into it had died!
The accumulation of thousands of years had caused the Yin Fiendish Qi in the Great Rift to become so dense!
Chen Ping did not know how long he had been falling, but as his body continued to fall, the original cold feeling slowly disappeared, and instead there was a sense of warmth!
Chen Ping was puzzled, how could a warm feeling appear with so much Yin Fury Qi?
Just as Chen Ping was filled with puzzlement, finally his body landed at the bottom of the crack!
Only to see that in the middle of the big crack, all of them were white bones, and it was unknown how long these white bones had existed!
Walking on it, it made a creaking sound!
Fortunately, at the bottom of this crevice, one can use one’s Divine Sense to investigate, otherwise, if the surrounding area was pitch black and one could not use one’s Divine Sense to investigate, it would be very difficult to move forward!
Chen Ping spread out his divine sense and began to look for Patriarch Luo’s figure, they had fallen at about the same location, so after falling down, they shouldn’t be too far apart!