Yun Li didn’t care if that Xiao Yuanshan agreed or not, and surprisingly, he wanted to stay at the Xiao Imperial Palace!
“I’ll listen to you!”Shi Lan smiled faintly, it didn’t matter to her, she listened to Yun Li in everything!
“Brother Chen, it’s okay for me to stay in Xiao Imperial Dynasty temporarily, right?”
Yun Li asked to Chen Ping!
The Xiao Emperor of the Xiao Dynasty was Xiao Yuanshan, but at this time, Yun Li was asking questions to Chen Ping, not asking Xiao Yuanshan’s opinion in the slightest, so it could be seen that Yun Li did not put Xiao Yuanshan in his eyes!
“Of course!”Chen Ping nodded and looked at Xiao Yuanshan, “Emperor Xiao, you are arranging a place for them to stay!”
“Understood, Mr Chen!”
Xiao Yuanshan promised and immediately went to make the arrangements without the slightest bit of displeasure!
This Xiao Emperor of his, he would not even have the slightest complaint if he directly gave it to Chen Ping!
“You go back, keep your eyes open in the future, I’m staying at the Xiao Dynasty, don’t look for trouble from the Xiao Dynasty!”
Yun Li said as he looked towards Zuo Tianzheng who had been hiding at the back!
“Don’t worry, Your Highness!”Zuo Tianzheng hurriedly nodded, then turned around and ran away!
He had been thinking of leaving for a long time, it was just that he didn’t dare to leave if Yun Li didn’t give the word!
There was also this Xiao Dynasty, even if Yun Li didn’t live here, giving Zuo Tianzheng ten guts, he wouldn’t dare to look for trouble with the Xiao Dynasty again!
Soon, Xiao Yuanshan had arranged for the people Yun Li had brought to rest!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, followed Yun Li in the room arranged by Xiao Yuanshan, set up a few pots of spirit wine and a few kinds of spirit beast meat, and ate and drank.
After three rounds of drinking, when the wine was sound, Yun Li suddenly lowered his voice and said, “Brother Chen, in fact, I came to find you this time, apart from the sparring session, there is also one more thing that I want to discuss with you.”
Chen Ping raised his eyebrows and asked, “Oh? What is it?”
“It’s more than whether you can bypass my father and not kill him ……”
Yun Li said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping froze, somewhat incredulous, “Why would I kill your father? Can I kill your father with this strength?”
“Brother Chen, although you don’t appear to be strong enough to threaten my father, I know that you will surpass him sooner or later.”
“That’s why I want to beg you, at that time, if my father offends you, spare his life and don’t kill him!”
Yun Li’s eyes held a prayer!
“You think so highly of me?”Chen Ping smiled, “It seems like I really have to thank you, but as long as your father doesn’t look for trouble from me, I won’t be able to target him, after all, I don’t have any grudges following the Ten Temples!”
“He will definitely look for trouble from you, my father is a person that I know too well, there’s no way he would let a small Mahayana realm cultivator, challenge his authority.”
“You killed Luo Ta, if my father doesn’t look for trouble with you, he’ll lose all his prestige in the Ten Temples, not only will he look for trouble with you, but he’ll continue to send people to kill you!”
Yun Li said unapologetically!
Chen Ping frowned, slightly displeased, “Your father is looking for me for trouble, to kill me, and you still want me to spare his life? Why don’t you beg your father and spare my life?”
“I this person also have the little problem, that is people do not offend me I do not prisoner, people if offend me, I will kill it ……”
“Brother Chen, can’t you give me face?”Yun Li asked!
“Can’t, I’ve only just met you, not killing you is already giving you face.”
Chen Ping shook his head!
He could not be considered a friend after Yun Li, he could only be considered an acquaintance, speaking of which the two were still enemies, how could he possibly give him face!
“Then is it okay if I owe you a favour?”Yun Li continued to ask without dying!
“Your favour is not worth anything!”Chen Ping said!
Yun Li was silent, a moment later Yun Li looked around to make sure no one was paying attention around him before he whispered, “I recently obtained a treasure map, it is said to be a cave left behind by an Immortal Dignity powerhouse.”
“However, that place is full of dangers, if you are interested, we can join forces, when the time comes, the treasure will be shared with you, this is considered a bargaining chip for me to beg you.”