“Baka, today you must die, all of you must die ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi shouted in anger, followed by a terrifying aura emanating from his body.
In an instant, a fog began to rise above Kawashima Hiroshi’s head, followed by an ear-piercing shrill scream.
Kawashima Hiroshi’s body instantly disappeared into the mist, then instantly arrived in front of Chen Ping and smashed his fist towards him.
“Hmph, carved insects and small skills ……”
Chen Ping met it with a fist, his Unbreakable Golden Body would allow him to ignore Kawashima Hiroshi’s attack!
Boom!
The two fists clashed, and after an explosive sound, Kawashima Hiroshi’s terrifying aura was instantly defeated!
Immediately afterwards, Kawashima Hiroshi’s arm, bizarrely bent towards the back, and the ghastly white bones pierced through the skin to be exposed.
With this, Kawashima Hiroshi was startled, followed by a dangerous aura that instantly caused his sweat to explode.
“Withdraw ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi hurriedly retreated backwards.
Of the five of them, only he was the strongest, but even though he was close to the peak strength of a Martial Sect, he surprisingly did not have the slightest chance of winning in front of Chen Ping!
“None of you will be able to leave ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his body leapt up, followed by a slap.
The sky glittered with bright golden light as Chen Ping’s palm directly enveloped Kawashima Hiromichi.
Seeing this, Kawashima Hiroshi gritted his teeth and used his other hand to viciously strike a terrifying qi upwards!
But after this qi energy touched the golden light from Chen Ping’s palm, it instantly disappeared without a trace.
Boom!
A large crater instantly formed on the ground, while Kawashima Koichi’s entire body was slapped within the crater.
At this moment, the other hurried samurai were instantly dumbfounded, each of them looking in shock at Kawashima Hiroshi who had long since set into the ground.
None of them had expected that a mission that should have been a sure thing would now turn out to be like this.
“Big brother …………”
The few remaining samurai shouted.
“Don’t you all cry like hell, he’s not dead, I won’t let you die so painfully.”
Chen Ping said with a gloomy face.
These beasts, even the children were not spared, how could Chen Ping I can you let them die so easily.
Just as Chen Ping finished his words, he only saw Kawashima Hiroshi raising his head slightly, not dead but seriously injured too!
“You guys get out of here, go back to your country right now and report this to the family head ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi said to the four remaining samurai as he fought for all his strength.
As soon as the four samurai heard this, they actually all but ignored Kawashima Hiroshi and turned around to run!
“You won’t be able to run away ……”
Chen Ping said, the golden light on his body became more and more abundant, choking a magic trick, a formation struck into the ground!
It soon wrapped the remaining four warriors in it, and the four island warriors were as if they were caught in a dead end, finding that they couldn’t run out no matter how they ran.
Seeing this, the four could only leap up in an instant, and then join forces to come towards Chen Ping.
The sky glowed with light as the four men drew their katanas, their eerie blades, and swung them towards Chen Ping again and again.
“Humph ……”
Chen Ping coldly snorted, surprisingly not dodging or dodging, allowing the blades to hit his body with a burst of fire, but Chen Ping’s body was surprisingly not injured in the slightest.
These island warriors, simply could not break Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping’s strong physical body, directly towards several island warriors rushed forward.
Seeing this, each of the several island warriors’ faces showed panic, followed by a burst of fog emanating from each of them, along with the fog rising, the bodies of several island warriors also instantly disappeared.
“Valley Master beware, these are ninjutsu ……”
Seeing this, Xu Changsheng hurriedly shouted to Chen Ping.
The island warriors were famous for their Ninjutsu, a high level island warrior could completely rely on Ninjutsu and disappear without a trace out of thin air, no one would be able to find them.