“Take out the Immortal Spirit Stones that this fellow Daoist wants to sell!”
Uncle Qian asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s divine sense entered his storage bag and then selected the largest Immortal Spirit Stone out.
This Immortal Spirit Stone was the size of a millstone and weighed ten thousand jin!
Fortunately, the Celestial Realm was full of cultivators, and this ten thousand jin Immortal Spirit Stone was as light as a feather in their hands!
If it was in the secular world, such a heavy stone would definitely require a crane!
Chen Ping didn’t really want to sell the Immortal Spirit Stones, after all, these Immortal Spirit Stones were a good resource for cultivation for Chen Ping!
Right now, Chen Ping was not short of money, what he was short of were resources!
Chen Ping took out the Immortal Spirit Stones from his storage bag, the reason why he still kept that Luo Ta’s storage bag and didn’t put these Immortal Spirit Stones into his storage ring was also because he was afraid that the little Heaven Swallowing Beast would swallow all his Immortal Spirit Stones!
Looking at the Immortal Spirit Stones that Chen Ping took out, that Uncle Qian and Missy were dumbfounded, their eyes shocked!
“This …… such a large Immortal Spirit Stone?”
The youngest sister’s mouth was wide open, her eyes glaring out!
And that Uncle Qian also had a slight tremor in his body, and went forward to gently stroke that Immortal Spirit Stone!
“How many Violet Gold Spirit Coins can you give for this Immortal Spirit Stone?”
Chen Ping asked to that Uncle Qian!
Uncle Qian did not answer Chen Ping, but after looking over the Purple Gold Spirit Coin, he suddenly slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!
Uncle Qian’s speed was very fast and it was a sudden attack!
The two of them were already very close, and Uncle Qian’s sudden strike directly caused Chen Ping to fail to react!
Boom!
This palm directly caused Chen Ping to fly out backwards, his body smashing heavily on top of that formation!
Buzz!
The formation emitted a buzz, and then flickered with white light before disappearing!
This kind of formation could only partially shield the breath and sound, and with a sudden hands-on outburst like this, this shielding formation would not be able to withstand it at all!
“Uncle Qian, what are you doing?”
The youngest sister was startled, then quickly ran towards Chen Ping: “Are you alright!”
Chen Ping was helped up by the youngest sister, took a deep breath, then shook his head, “I’m fine!”
Although that Uncle Qian’s sudden attack made Chen Ping not react for a moment, but that Uncle Qian obviously did not use his full strength, presumably because he was afraid that his breath would be exposed, breaking the rules of the Beast City and letting the Law Enforcement Team arrest him!
Plus, Chen Ping’s physical body was already strong, so this palm only sent Chen Ping flying and did not hurt him!
Uncle Qian also looked a little surprised when he saw that Chen Ping was fine at all!
“Missy, this person is from the City Lord’s Mansion, you brought him here, this is harming me!”
Uncle Qian’s face was full of anger as he said to Missy!
“Someone from the City Lord’s Mansion? That’s impossible, right? I ran into them outside of Beast City ah!”
“Uncle Qian, what evidence do you have to say that he’s from the City Lord’s Mansion?”
The youngest sister looked at Chen Ping with disbelief!
“This Immortal Spirit Stone is enough to explain, such a huge Immortal Spirit Stone, only one has appeared in the entire Beast City, or eighty years ago, a cultivator stumbled upon it in the underground cave. ”
“Back then, this Immortal Spirit Stone was even exhibited in Beast City, and then it was put away, never to be seen again!”
“Now that such a large Immortal Spirit Stone has appeared in this brat’s hands, it must be someone from the City Lord’s Mansion, who has specially come over to secretly investigate.”
Uncle Qian said as he looked at Chen Ping very vigilantly!
When Missy heard this, she immediately let go of Chen Ping and followed him to pull away!
“Are you really someone from the City Lord’s Mansion?”
The youngest sister also looked at Chen Ping with anger, she felt that she had been deceived!
Chen Ping was also a little speechless at this time, he did not expect this to happen!
If what that Uncle Qian said was true, it seemed that this Beast City followed the Divine Race’s people with a connection, as this Immortal Spirit Stone was found from Luo Ta’s storage bag!
“I’m not a person from any city lord’s mansion, you mustn’t misunderstand ……,” Chen Ping explained after that Uncle Qian!
“Hmph, why should I believe you?”Uncle Qian snorted coldly!
“On the basis of this ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, an aura instantly headed towards that Uncle Qian!