After pa*sing through the first spell formation, the devil amba*sador looked at Chen Ping and said, “The power of this spell formation is not small, did you see it this time?”
Chen Ping nodded, just now, when the devil amba*sador pa*sed through the spell formation, along with the fluctuation of aura, Chen Ping only discovered the existence of the spell formation!
It seemed that this formation was indeed quite powerful, but Chen Ping was not afraid, instead, he walked into the formation with a calm face and a smile on his face, accompanied by a fluctuation, Chen Ping’s figure actually disappeared, disappeared into the formation!
Looking at the disappearing Chen Ping, the devil amba*sador’s face was very grave, at this moment Chen Ping must be trapped in the formation, if he escaped at this time, Chen Ping would definitely have no way to stop him!
But when he thought of the brand that Chen Ping had just imprinted on his mind, the devil had put away his thoughts of escape.
If he really ran away, his head might explode!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping …………”
The devil amba*sador shouted in a small voice in front of him.
But there was no sign of Chen Ping in front of him at all, Chen Ping was trapped in the formation at this moment, which made the devil envoy anxious enough, if this Chen Ping was trapped in the formation and could never get out, would the brand in his brain kill him?
He looked at the formation, and although the formation was indeed very powerful, it was still unbeatable in Chen Ping’s eyes!
Chen Ping found the eye of the formation at a glance, once he found the eye of the formation, it would be much easier to break the formation!
In about ten minutes, Chen Ping broke the first formation, and then his figure slowly appeared!
When the devil amba*sador saw that Chen Ping had broken the formation and come out, he was immediately happy, as long as Chen Ping was alive, he did not have to die!
And Chen Ping felt a little surprised to see this Devil Envoy still obediently staying where he was!
“Why didn’t you escape while I was trapped in the formation?”
Chen Ping asked to the demon envoy!
“Where would I escape to? You have placed a brand in my mind, if I run away, you will definitely detonate the brand and make my brain burst.”
The devil amba*sador said truthfully!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he laughed, knowing that the Devil Envoy had also thought about running away, only to weigh the pros and cons and choose to stay!
“You are very self-aware, all you have to do is bring me into the dungeon and I will spare your life.”
Chen Ping said to the Demon Envoy!
“Chen Ping, I can take you to the dungeon, but it won’t be so easy to enter the dungeon, you should know that the dungeon is heavily guarded, and the leader of the dungeon guards among them is not lower in status than me in the Demon Heart Sect!”
“I have no way to order him, so you can only rely on yourself to find a way to enter the dungeon, as for what to do in the dungeon, you don’t need to tell me, I don’t want to know either!”
The devil amba*sador barked at Chen Ping!
“The dungeon actually has special guards?”
When Chen Ping heard this, his brows furrowed, he didn’t think that a status like Devil Envoy would be bad in a dungeon!
But since he was already here, he could only take one step and see what happened!
“Just take me to the entrance of the dungeon, I’ll handle the rest myself!”
Chen Ping said to the Demon Envoy!
The Demon Envoy nodded, then once again led Chen Ping towards the other side of the mountain peak!
Unknowingly, the two reached the second formation, but this time, Chen Ping could really feel the presence of the formation!
And this time, the formation was so much stronger than the first one that Chen Ping was not even sure of it!
“The formation of this one will disturb one’s mind, don’t look at this formation so exposed, it must not be powerful, that great power is to confuse the enemy, so that those who come to sneak into the cell will fold here.”
The devil amba*sador spoke bitterly to Chen Ping and persuaded him!