Chen Ping’s eyes gradually lost their lustre, and his entire body began to be under the old man’s control!
Seeing that Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was about to be occupied by the old man, there was a sudden explosion!
A brilliant light erupted from Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, instantly crushing the old man’s light blue aura!
The old man was overwhelmed by the light, his eyes filled with horror!
“What …… is this?”
The old man looked at the light in front of him in shock!
When the light slowly faded, the old man realised that there was even a book amongst Chen Ping’s time, with four gilt characters on the book, Da Luo Golden Code!
“How is this …… possible? How could there be a heavenly book in your sea of consciousness?”
The old man instantly panicked!
Although he had lost his memory, he was familiar with the light emanating from the Great Luo Golden Dictionary, that was a power that only existed in the Heavenly Realm!
Seeing that the old man was afraid of the Great Luo Golden Dictionary, Chen Ping manipulated his divine sense, causing the Great Luo Golden Dictionary to slowly open!
Along with the opening of the Great Luo Golden Code, a ray of light shone towards the old man!
The old man let out a cry of shock, and then the power in his body instantly disappeared, and his entire body shrank into a ball!
“Don’t kill me, don’t kill me, I won’t dare to snatch your body anymore ……”
The old man began to beg for mercy!
This wisp of his remnant soul had survived for thousands of years in anguish just so that he could one day see the light of day again!
But he didn’t want to run into a body that could carry him today with great difficulty, but he ran into a tough opponent!
He could never have imagined that there would be a Heavenly Book in the sea of consciousness of a small cultivator of the Transition Realm!
Chen Ping saw the old man in that state, so he closed the Great Luo Golden Codex, and the golden light disappeared, and only then did the old man let out a long breath!
“You fellow, what on earth are you? Why is there a heavenly book in your sea of consciousness?”
The old man asked incredulously!
“You don’t even know what I am and you dare to snatch my body, aren’t you a bit reckless?”
Chen Ping said!
“Indeed it is a bit reckless, you are only a Ferrying Realm cultivator, yet you possess such a strong physical body, which is unreasonable in itself, it’s just a pity that I lost most of my memories, otherwise I would surely be able to know what you are.”
“Today, the old man is considered to have fallen, but thanks for not killing you, when the old man is able to see the light of day again, I will definitely repay you ……”
After the old man finished speaking, he was actually about to leave Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
However, as soon as the old man’s mind moved, Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness once again erupted with a golden light!
This light directly blocked the old man’s residual soul, leaving him no way to leave!
“What are you …… doing?”
The old man asked in panic!
“Don’t you want to leave this broken cave, I can take you out to meet the outside world, but you can only stay in my sea of consciousness.”
“Perhaps I have a way to help you recover your memories, when you have recovered your memories, you always have to do something for me before I can let you go!”
Chen Ping did not intend to let this old man go, after all, this guy was from the Heavenly Realm, and although he had lost his memory, he knew some things that were definitely not known by these people in the Celestial Realm!
“You really take me away?”
The old man asked in surprise!
“Of course, I’m not like you, I’m a guy who is a man of his word!”
Chen Ping said coldly!
This had filled the old man with shame and he was not speaking out anymore!
“Mr Chen, Mr Chen …………”
Suddenly, Ochre Yan’s voice rang in Chen Ping’s ears!
Chen Ping was in a trance for a while, then he saw that Ochre Yan was beside him, and there was still that engraved gongfu on the stone wall!
The two of them, Zheng Jian and Jiang Yulian, were using the stones within the cave to pile up graves for those of their deceased brothers and sisters!
Even in the cave, they did not want to let their senior brothers and sisters die here!
Chen Ping looked at the cave restored as it was, his brows frowned slightly and said “Ochre Yan, did I leave this cave just now?”
“No ah, Mr Chen has been standing here motionless, I felt something strange so I shouted twice!”
Ochre Yan said!