“Damn, Heavenly Demon Mountain is so big, where are we going to find the Heavenly Demon Stones, do you even know where the Heavenly Demon Stones are?”
Ning Zhi looked at Qi Peijia with a face full of anger and asked!
Qi Peijia cried, carefully said “I …… only know the approximate location, should be in this area ……”.
Qi Peijia used to be a small, unheard of casual cultivator, and he didn’t know much about the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
How could he possibly know the exact location of the Heavenly Demon Stone!
“We’ve been searching for so many days, and we haven’t even found the shadow of the Heavenly Demon Stone, could it be that your boy deliberately made up this Heavenly Demon Stone to trick me?”
Ning Zhi waited for Qi Peijia and asked sternly!
Ning Zhi knew nothing about the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and even less about the existence of the Heavenly Demon Stone, all because of what this Qi Peijia said!
If Qi Peijia had deliberately made up the Heavenly Demon Stone in order to protect himself, it was not impossible!
“No, I would never lie to you, everything I said is true, there really is a Heavenly Demon Stone!”
Qi Peijia was about to cry in fear when he saw Ning Zhi looking at him viciously!
“Whether it’s true or not, I don’t want to look for it, right now my breakthrough is imminent, as long as I absorb the death qi in your body, I’ll be able to break through the Mahayana realm.”
“After I break through the Mahayana Realm, I’ll find a chance to remake my physical body, let’s make do with this old man’s body first!”
Ning Zhi lost his patience and didn’t want to look for it, and after he finished speaking, his gaze filled with killing intent looked towards Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia panicked, he could truly feel Ning Zhi’s killing intent!
“Don’t, don’t kill me, I …… know where there are Heavenly Demon Stones!”
Qi Peijia’s face was pale as he begged loudly!
“I don’t want to know ……”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, the aura on his body slowly rose and began to surround Qi Peijia!
“I really know, the Heavenly Demon Sect, there must be a Heavenly Demon Stone in the Heavenly Demon Sect, we can go to the Heavenly Demon Sect to look for it!”
Qi Peijia suddenly remembered the Heavenly Demon Sect and said loudly!
“Sky Demon Sect?” Ning Zhi froze!
“Yes, it’s the Heavenly Demon Sect, this Heavenly Demon Sect has been around since the time the Heavenly Demon Mountain existed, it’s the oldest sect on the Heavenly Demon Mountain, they definitely have the Heavenly Demon Stones in their hands.”
Qi Peijia said loudly as if he had grabbed a life-saving straw!
“There are Heavenly Demon Stones inside the Heavenly Demon Sect, could it be that he will give them to me?”
Ning Zhi was not false, surprisingly, this Heavenly Demon Stone was so precious, why would people give it to him?
Moreover, Ning Zhi didn’t want to fight right now, although he had now reached the peak of the Transition Realm and was about to break through to the Mahayana Realm!
But this physical body of his was just too weak, if he really fought and his physical body was destroyed, it would be troublesome!
Not to mention that Ning Zhi didn’t know what strength this Heavenly Demon Sect was.
“It will be, the Heavenly Demon Sect has always wanted to get their Gongfu Intensive, as long as you help the Heavenly Demon Sect get their Gongfu Intensive, not to mention one Heavenly Demon Stone, even if it’s ten, I reckon that they’ll give it.”
Qi Peijia told Ning Zhi about the Heavenly Demon Sect’s matter in detail after him!
After hearing this, Ning Zhi slightly contemplated for a moment before nodding his head and saying “Fine, we’ll go to the Heavenly Demon Sect, but you brats better not have lied to me, or else I won’t be able to spare you!”
“Don’t dare, absolutely don’t dare!” Qi Peijia wiped the cold sweat on his forehead, and let out a long sigh of relief, this little life of his, is finally temporarily saved!
………………
Heavenly Demon Sect!
This was a sect that had been established for thousands of years, and ever since the existence of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the Heavenly Demon Sect had been living in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Although the disciples of the Heavenly Demon Sect were all demonic cultivators, they were not affected by the Divine Demon War!
The Heavenly Demon Sect never ganged up and had always survived in the deepest, most treacherous parts of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and the entire Heavenly Demon Sect relied on the resources on the Heavenly Demon Mountain to cultivate!
Along with the opening of the God-Devil War, after the Devil Race suffered a heavy blow, this Heavenly Devil Mountain became a happy place for the Devil Race!