“Do you want to know?”
Chen Ping laughed!
“Of course!”Wang Qing Shi nodded!
He was eager to know what exactly Chen Ping had used to suppress his blood-coloured rune, bearing in mind that this blood-coloured rune had been passed down from their Zhentian Dharma Sect!
“You’re not my son, I can’t tell you, but if you call me father, I can tell you, or even teach you.”
Chen Ping said with a face full of teasing!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Chen Wenliang and the others all couldn’t help but laugh!
It had come to this point, Chen Ping still had the heart to joke!
This was a time of life and death decisions!
Wang Qingshi, on the other hand, had a face full of iron as he raised his sword to slash once again!
He didn’t care if the blood-coloured runes on the huge sword were effective or not!
Chen Ping was not fighting back this time, but instantly blocked it with his Dragon Cutting Sword!
Clang!
The two swords clashed with a crisp sound!
Chen Ping’s skinny body was simply insignificant in front of this giant, but just this insignificant figure blocked this strike!
Right after Chen Ping blocked this sword, suddenly a golden light shot out from the air and then ruthlessly struck the giant!
Boom!
With a loud bang, the giant instantly fell back, and many cracks, large and small, appeared on his body!
“Forgot about you beast ……”
Wang Qingshi looked at the golden dragon that rushed over and swept itself with its tail and roared loudly in anger!
He had only focused on fighting after Chen Ping, but he had forgotten about Chen Ping’s golden dragon!
Wang Qingshi fought to chop at the golden dragon!
The golden dragon, on the other hand, let out a roar, and its huge body, twisted with great force, and then slapped heavily on top of that huge sword.
Clatter …………
The giant sword unexpectedly shattered under this violent impact, leaving only a hilt that remained in the giant’s hand!
“sh*t ……”
Wang Qingshi looked at the shattered giant sword in his hand, and his entire body was blinded!
What the hell is the meaning of this?
The weapons are gone, how can we fight this battle?
Just as Wang Qing Shi froze, the golden dragon swept over with another tail!
Boom!
The giant’s huge body fell down with a bang!
The moment it fell, the entire body crumbled, and Wang Qingshi flew out of the giant’s body!
“Kid, wait for me, I will take revenge sooner or later.”
After Wang Qingshi finished speaking, he suddenly took out two talismans and pasted them onto his legs before scattering his legs and running away!
This kind of talisman was one that could make one’s speed increase!
“You still want to run?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly, flames suddenly rose under his feet as his Royal Fire Steps were performed!
Wang Qing Shi’s speed was so fast that he disappeared in the blink of an eye!
He thought he had escaped and let out a long breath!
“You’re running so slowly, and you still want to escape from me?”
Chen Ping’s voice rang in Wang Qingshi’s ears!
Wang Qingshi froze and turned his head to look, realising that at an unknown time, Chen Ping had appeared at his side!
“You …… you ……”
Wang Qingshi’s face was filled with shock, then he gritted his teeth and accelerated his speed once again!
However, no matter how fast he was, Chen Ping was always following beside him!
I don’t know how long he ran, but the talisman on Wang Qingshi’s legs failed and his speed slowed down!
And Chen Ping was also not slowing down, looking calm!
“Don’t chase, I surrender, can’t I surrender ……”
Seeing this, Wang Qingshi directly stopped, panting heavily!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, picked up that Wang Qingshi’s collar and directly carried this guy back!
While Chen Ping was carrying Wang Qingshi back, Su Tianshuo had already secretly brought people to drive the spirit boat towards the Western Continent!
Chen Wenliang and the others were worried about Chen Ping’s comfort, so they all chased after him in their spirit boats, forgetting about Su Tianshuo and the others!
When they saw Chen Ping return with Wang Qing Shi, the crowd breathed a sigh of relief and surrounded them one after another!