“What a f*cking waste of resources, how dare you call yourself a master of magic with such a level of skill, it’s a waste of resources, speed up!”
Tong Youcai cursed in annoyance!
If they had been trapped, it might have been cheaper for the Weirdos, but there was no way around it, the first one to enter the relics would have suffered more than the Weirdos!
The masters could only speed up, while Tong Youcai sat with a frown on his face. This seemingly powerless spell had managed to trap them for such a long time, so it seemed that the Water Fairy Palace relics really lived up to their name!
At that moment, Tong Youcai suddenly turned his head and looked to the side, and then his face turned a bit ugly!
“Oh no, someone’s coming this way, we can’t let them get ahead of us, let’s hurry ……”
The first thing that happened was that he felt that someone was coming, so he urged them anxiously!
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing.
A stream of Martial Spirit Qi was spreading from the entrance to the deeper part of the forest!
“Mr. Chen, is someone else entering?”
Liu Rui asked, feeling the aura.
“Yes, and there are more than a few, it looks like the heat is on!”
Chen Ping said with a grave look on his face.
After all, the more people there are, the more difficult it will be to get the treasures inside the relics!
Boom, boom, boom …………
A violent sound came from two old men wearing white scarves, chopping down the trees in front of their faces, and one by one, like straw, the trees were splitting to the sides, and a wide road appeared in the forest!
And on this newly opened road, a sedan chair appeared, carried by four young girls in white dresses, and on the top of the sedan chair was inlaid a pattern of eight trigrams!
Soon, these people arrived in front of Chen Ping’s face, and when Liu Rui saw the sedan, she frowned and said, “Why is this sissy here too?”
“A sissy?” Chen Ping was stunned, not understanding what Liu Rui meant by that!
“The sissy is that Leng Yun, the young master of the Flying Star Sect, a big man who dresses up like a woman all day long.
Liu Rui said with a disgusted look on her face.
The car came to a halt, and then the car lifted off, and a person dressed in white, with heavy make-up, came down.
The woman looks very charming, raising her hand and carrying a sultry aura.
The first thing that happened was that the person who came out of the sedan was a bit dumbfounded, was this the young master of the Flying Star Sect that Liu Rui had mentioned?
This is a man?
“Mr. Chen, this guy is a bit perverted, you should be careful ……”
The first thing you need to do is to be careful.
The first thing that happened was that the man was a man.
The first thing you need to do is to take a look at the website.
But Liu Rui was a bit disgusted and avoided it.
“Why is Mr. Leng here too?”
Liu Rui asked Leng Yun.
“The Kunlun Mountains are in turmoil, it could be the relics of the Water Fairy Palace, so of course I had to come and take a look.
Leng Yun said with a smile.
When he saw this, Chen Ping was convinced that the beautiful man in front of him was really a man, and the knot in his neck was very obvious!
While talking to Liu Rui, Leng Yun’s eyes went to Chen Ping!
When he saw Chen Ping, Leng Yun was slightly stunned, and his gaze was surprisingly hot!
Feeling the hot gaze of Leng Yun, Chen Ping’s body shivered slightly and goose bumps rose all over his body.
“The first time I saw him, I was so happy. He doesn’t belong to your Pure Yang Sect, does he?”
Leng Yun asked Liu Rui.