When Divine Doctor Liu saw that the three of them had struck, he wasn’t idle either, he had to go all out at this time!
Divine Doctor Liu pulled out a blackish pill from his body and swallowed it without hesitation!
Immediately after the body around the diffusion of countless black fog, black fog in the ghosts cry wolf howling aside the mournful sound, as if there are countless severe ghosts are in the black fog through!
“Go to hell ……”
Divine Doctor Liu snapped, and the black mist transformed into a black dragon with a mournful hiss as it rushed towards Chen Ping!
“It’s all been said, playing with fire with me, you guys are still a little young ……”
Chen Ping said with a face full of disdain!
“Try it ……”
The bearded cultivator roared, and a demonic beast transformed by the to fire descended from the sky, letting out a furious roar.
Chen Ping sacrificed his Dragon Beheading Sword, and flames also rose from the Dragon Beheading Sword!
Immediately following the swing of the Dragon Beheading Sword, a full-bodied burning fire dragon roared out!
Accompanied by a dragon roar, this fire dragon directly pounced on those demonic beasts!
In just the blink of an eye, a demonic beast that was transformed into fire all fell under the attack of that fire dragon, turning into a ball of flame that fell to the ground and quickly extinguished!
At this, the bearded cultivator and the others were instantly startled, followed by once again striking out a flame with both palms!
And this time, Chen Ping was not striking out, the Origin Star within his body began to flicker as a huge suction force began to absorb these flames!
“Although these supreme flames of yours are not pure, they are still better than nothing, right ……”
Chen Ping laughed coldly as a flame was all adsorbed onto his body, at this moment Chen Ping became a fire man!
When the bearded cultivator three saw this, they were all stunned, they did not understand what this Chen Ping was up to, there was no one who did not dodge, but instead drew the flames towards himself!
Even that Liu Divine Doctor was also stunned, the black mist turned into a dragon instantly stopped, constantly hovering above Chen Ping’s head, not launching an attack!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body was covered in flames, and there was no way he could be attacking either!
In only a split second’s time, the supreme fire on Chen Ping’s body disappeared, and around Chen Ping’s body, a red-coloured flame constantly surrounded him!
The aura of the Devil Race’s Supreme Flame was constantly permeating, and Chen Ping, surrounded by the Supreme Flame, was like a Supreme Flame Devil!
“Demon Supreme Flame? What a pure supreme fire aura, how did you have our Demon Race’s supreme fire?”
The bearded cultivator was filled with shock.
“I’ve already said that you guys are still too young to play with fire! Since you guys like to play with fire, then I will let you guys taste the taste of the true Devil Clan Supreme Flame.”
Chen Ping said, and a flame suddenly appeared above his palm!
The throbbing flames were as if they were alive, constantly dancing!
A wave of heat met his face, followed by a feeling of suffocation!
The aura emitted by this flame alone made the bearded man and the others show their horror!
This pure to fire aura was something they had never felt before, not even from their master!
“Could it be that you are also a demonic cultivator, of the pure Inferno Demon lineage?”
The bearded cultivator asked with a trembling body!
“Hmph, what kind of thing is a Yan Devil ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, then the flame in his hand once again erupted in a wave of heat!
This time, however, the breath was even stronger, not only did it have the breath of the Devil’s Supreme Fire, it was the breath of several kinds of Supreme Fire mixed together!
This breath was the breath of the true fire origin within Chen Ping’s body.
“This is …………”
The bearded cultivator’s eyes widened in horror “The breath of the Origin, you …… you even possess the Fire Origin ……”
Along with the bearded cultivator uttering the words Fire Origin, the other two cultivators were dumbfounded!
Chen Ping was only the second rank of the Transition Realm, how could he possess an Origin within?
And it was still a Fire Origin!
Deep regret welled up within the bearded cultivator as he looked at Chen Ping’s disdainful face!
He regretted coming to find Chen Ping!