“What I want to know is not that, do you feel that although you have broken through to Martial Marquis, but when you really enter within the Martial Alliance, you can’t do anything with this strength ……”
Mr. Shi said indifferently.
Chen Ping faintly froze, his brow furrowed.
He really felt that with this strength, he could not do anything within the Martial Alliance, no matter how hard he tried, he could not destroy a single house of the Martial Alliance, and he could not even open the door of the Martial Alliance dungeon!
He could not even open the door to the dungeon of the Wudao Union! But to say that he could not do anything, he had killed quite a few people in the Wudao Union today, and there were both in and out, and no one could stop him.
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Mr. Shi seemed to be the roundworm inside Chen Ping, and said with a faint smile, “Do you feel that you can kill one in and one out in the Wudao Alliance, and no one can stop you, and feel that the Wudao Alliance is just like that?”
Chen Ping did not say anything, but the look he gave to Mr. Shi was indeed thinking that.
Even if Zhu Zhishan, the Martial Dao Alliance’s alliance leader, Chen Ping now dared to have a few moves with him, only those elders, Chen Ping didn’t even put them in his eyes anymore.
Mr. Shi gently took a sip of tea then continued, “I have reminded you many times that what you can see is only the surface, if the Martial Dao Alliance or the Martial Dao families that have the underpinnings were as simple as you see them, then our Daxia Martial Dao community would be a joke to the world.”
“I can tell you that although Zhu Zhi Shan is the head of the Martial Dao Alliance, he is just a puppet who throws his weight around, and after Zhu Zhi Shan, there are even more terrifying forces.”
“Do you think you still have the strength to fight after the Martial Dao Alliance now?”
Chen Ping’s face became a little ugly, but in his heart he was shocked, if even Zhu Zhishan was as strong as a puppet, then how terrifying would the power behind Zhu Zhishan be!
“I don’t care how huge the Martial Alliance is, I must save Yu Qi and fight the Martial Alliance to the end ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with determination, no matter how hard it was, he was going to do it, to save Su Yuqi!
“Only follow the Martial Dao Alliance to fight? There’s still that Dragon Family right?”
Mr. Shi said with a sudden smile as he looked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s heart trembled as he looked at Mr. Shi with eyes full of confusion and disbelief!
He looked at that expression on Mr. Shi’s face, as if he knew his identity and the feud with the Dragon Family.
The current Chen Ping could no longer understand this Mr. Shi in front of him anymore.
Looking at Chen Ping’s baffled look, Mr. Shi’s smile grew thicker and thicker, then said, “If you want to find that Ning Zhi, you can go to the Mo Bei Luo Family to find ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes widened as he looked at Mr. Shi incredulously.
He couldn’t figure out how Mr. Shi knew that he wanted to find Ning Zhi?
“Alright, you can go now ……”
Before Mr. Shi could wait for Chen Ping’s reaction, he got up and left.
All the way until Mr. Shi left, Chen Ping was still in a dumbfounded state.
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Chen …………”
Zhao Wuji shouted softly twice at Chen Ping.
“Ah ……” Only then did Chen Ping react and walked out of the Dharma Protector Pavilion!
Leaving from the Dharma Protector Pavilion, Chen Ping went straight to the Mo Bei Luo Family, all along the way Chen Ping was thinking about the identity of Mr. Shi, but he had no clue.
Meanwhile, the Luo family in Desert North!
Ning Zhi became a guest of the Luo family!
“Uncle Luo, that Chen Ping has now broken through to Martial Marquis and is powerful, if you seek revenge on him, you have to prepare well in advance!”
Ning Zhi said to Luo Jinyou, who was seated in the main seat.
Luo Jinyou’s face was grim, and anger was bubbling in his eyes.
“Humph, this Chen Ping, killing my brother and my son, no matter what his strength is, I will definitely bruise him to death ……”
Luo Jinyou gritted his teeth as the aura on his body tumbled and rose!