“Brother Chen Ping, they both got away ……”
When Pillar saw Chen Ping not move, watching Wu Feiyu and the others escape, he shouted in anxiety!
Only Chen Ping still didn’t move, his whole body felt like it was frozen in place!
It was only when Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng’s figures had disappeared that Chen Ping’s eyes changed slightly!
“I see, I understand the use of the power of these three clans ……”
Chen Ping was suddenly filled with excitement, then looked in the direction where Wu Feiyu and the others had fled, his figure flickered and instantly disappeared in place!
No matter what stance Chen Ping used, the power used was only one of the three clans’ power, there was no technique that could disperse the power of the three clans together, and now Chen Ping finally figured it out.
When Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng saw that there was no longer any sign of Chen Ping, they all wiped a handful of cold sweat from their foreheads.
“Finally, we escaped, I didn’t expect this guy to be so powerful, which clan and family’s grandson is he?”
Wu Feiyu asked in a very puzzled manner!
After all, a man of Chen Ping’s strength could not be a villager living in a mountain village, to be able to cultivate to such strength, the resources needed would be unimaginable, and a mountain village like this could not possibly have so many resources!
“I don’t know anywhere, I can only go back and report it truthfully.”
“Hurry up and go, save that kid from catching up later ……”
Nie Heng was also scared by Chen Ping and told Wu Feiyu to run for his life quickly!
But just as the two men moved, they saw a flash of light coming, and before the two men could see what was going on, they only heard that Wu Feiyu let out a miserable scream!
“Ah …………”
One of Wu Fei Yu’s arms flew up in the air, followed by blood flowing from the broken arm!
“What kind of speed is this ……?”
Nie Heng was dumbfounded, his forehead was covered in cold sweat, how could he have ever thought that Chen Ping would catch up so fast!
Only to see Chen Ping standing in front of the two, looking calm, while in Chen Ping’s surroundings, an aura if nothing else was flowing, they could see the fluctuations of the void around Chen Ping with their naked eyes, but they couldn’t feel the aura Chen Ping was emitting!
At this moment, in their eyes, Chen Ping was as if he was hidden, as if he was not in the same time and space as them!
Gradually, Chen Ping’s figure began to become clear, while the flowing aura around him turned into countless brilliant flying swords, countless flying swords encircling Chen Ping’s body, forming a huge sword formation!
Moreover, the aura emanating from these flying swords was unlike anything Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng had ever seen or heard before, unlike the aura of any other ethnic group!
In the middle of the massive sword formation, Chen Ping was as calm as an immortal descending from the immortal world, carrying an appearance that was intimidating!
“Eldest Brother, what exactly is the aura on this …… fellow’s body? It’s terrifying ……”
Wu Feiyu bared his teeth in pain, not bothering to bandage his wounds, and looked at Chen Ping with horror.
Nie Heng shook his head, he didn’t know what kind of aura this was, this aura was even purer than aura, a hundred times more powerful than spiritual power, and he had never seen this kind of power before!
Chen Ping’s performance at this point had already caused the two men to collapse.
“You two are really good, to become my testers of the power of these three clans.”
Chen Ping said with a calm expression!
“The Power of the Three Tribes?” Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng froze at the same time, they didn’t know what the Power of the Three Tribes was!
But without even waiting for them to reflect, Chen Ping flicked his palm and countless flying swords swiftly headed towards the two!
Seeing this, Nie Heng desperately put up a barrier and shouted, “Senior brother, get the Life Preservation Token ……”
The two of them were in a hurry to take out the token from his waist and stain it with his own blood at his broken arm.
With a flash of golden light, the life preserving token emitted a glow that wrapped the two men tightly, Nie Heng also took the opportunity to pull out his own life preserving token, followed by a mouthful of fresh blood sprayed on top of the token!