“Oh,” Chen Ping nodded, not expecting this Tian Luo Pavilion to be so powerful, so he asked Ren Xian, “I wonder how Family Master Ren followed this Tian Luo Pavilion master to get in touch with him?”
After all, this place is thousands of kilometres away from the southwest, even if the Tian Luo Pavilion had influence, it wouldn’t affect thousands of miles away, right?
“It was my youngest son who knew him, he led the family to show it to him, what’s wrong Mr. Chen, is there something wrong with this house?”
Ren Xian looked at Chen Ping strangely.
“Oh, nothing!” Chen Ping smiled faintly.
Since it was Ren Xian’s youngest son who had led the family here, there were some things Chen Ping could not say.
As soon as he entered the Ren family compound, he felt that something was wrong, and upon entering the villa, Chen Ping could already be sure that the house had been placed in a formation, and it was very likely that Ren Xian’s wife’s illness was followed by this formation.
Just as a few people were chatting, a servant pushed a middle-aged woman down from downstairs. The middle-aged woman was sitting on top of a wheelchair, her face was very haggard, while the trousers of her legs were empty inside, obviously without her legs.
“Mr. Chen, this is my wife.
“When Ren Xian finished, he turned his head to look at the middle-aged woman and said, “Su Zhen, this is the Mr. Chen I told you about last night, he will definitely be able to look after your headache!”
“Hello Mrs. Ren!”
Chen Ping got up and gave a slight smile towards Ren Xian’s wife.
“Hello Mr. Chen!”
Ren Xian’s wife looked at Chen Ping with a somewhat strange expression on her face, probably because she saw that Chen Ping was too young and didn’t quite believe it, after all, Sun Simiao, the head of the Medicine King’s Mansion, couldn’t do anything, a young man in his early twenties, could look after his illness?
“Su Zhen, follow Mr. Chen and tell him a good story about your condition, so that Mr. Chen can give you a look!”
Ren Xian waved his hand and told his subordinates to leave, and he personally pushed his wife, seeing that the two were very much in love.
His own wife had no legs and was a cripple, but a rich man like Ren Xian had not abandoned his wife and was still so affectionate, this kind of affectionate man was indeed not too common.
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping also had a great change in his opinion of Ren Xian.
“No need, Family Head Ren, I already understand your esteemed wife’s situation!”
Chen Ping waved his hand and said.
“Understood?” Ren Xian was stunned, his face full of suspicion, this knew what the illness was without seeing anything, without even taking a pulse?
“Mr. Chen, then what is my condition?”
Ren Xian’s wife saw that Chen Ping just took a look and surprisingly said that she understood her condition, it was mostly a scam, her own condition, she herself knew best, so she asked Chen Ping to see if Chen Ping was right.
“Mrs. Ren, do you often have headaches, and the kind that make your whole body collapse when it hurts?”
Chen Ping looked at Ren Xian’s wife and said indifferently.
“Yes, I do have frequent headaches, and every time it hurts, I want to kill myself, and no kind of painkillers work ……”
Ren Xian’s wife nodded her head.
“Mr. Chen, Mrs. Ren’s condition is very strange, as long as the headache gets up, it can’t be controlled by any means, I once used tranquilizers to try to make Mrs. Ren’s headache ease, but it didn’t help at all, but as long as you don’t bother, the headache will disappear on its own in a while, I have checked Mrs. Ren’s body and head, there is not a single problem at all… …”
Sun Simiao followed Chen Ping with a puzzled expression.
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Madam Ren’s body isn’t sick, how could you possibly be any worse, her illness is in her heart!”
“In the heart?”
At this moment, Ren Xian and also Sun Simiao looked at Chen Ping in unison, wanting to hear how Chen Ping would explain.
“Good, Madam Xu’s illness is in her heart, the reason why she often has headaches and can’t control them is because she can’t sleep at night and also has nightmares often, plus a little means to become what she is now!”
Chen Ping said with a slight nod.