Chen Ping waved the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand and charged straight up.
When the sword puppet saw Chen Ping rushing over, it did not react in the slightest, and was still walking forward, until Chen Ping’s Qiankun Sword reached its body, the sword puppet then raised its arms, directly using its own arms to block Chen Ping’s Qiankun Sword.
The sword puppet was very difficult to deal with, but this silly look made Chen Ping feel a bit ridiculous, to use his flesh to block the sword, the result could be imagined.
At this moment, the Dragon Cutting Sword had already absorbed a large amount of sword energy and had also devoured a sword spirit, so its power had increased greatly.
But with both arms severed, the sword puppet did not show the slightest expression and waved its still-half-arm, charging directly at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping knew that even if he chopped off the head of the sword puppet, it would be useless, he could only blast them into slag.
“Give me a break!”
Chen Ping roared, and instantly the green mane burst like a firework, and the sword puppet instantly became torn apart, blood and flesh flying in the sky, becoming slag.
Looking at the limbs and broken arms all over the ground, the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, his heart was surprised, the power of the Dragon Chopping Sword had increased a lot, and the sensation between the sword spirit and the sword had become stronger.
The sword puppet had already been killed, and Chen Ping intended to walk through the densely packed long swords to find the suppressed demon sword, he wanted to see what kind of demon sword was capable of destroying a sect.
But Chen Ping had just taken a step when suddenly all those long swords on the ground emitted light and a distinct sword formation appeared in mid-air!
The light shone on Chen Ping, and then the scene in front of him began to change!
In the end, the light disappeared and Chen Ping found himself in the middle of a sand dune!
The yellow sand dunes, which could not be seen at a glance, startled Chen Ping!
How could he suddenly be in the desert when he had just been in the land of sword mounds?
Just as Chen Ping was at a loss for words, a long sword suddenly rose up from under the sand dunes!
Immediately afterwards, the sword was stabbing towards Chen Ping!
The sword was not controlled by anyone at all, but it carried a strong killing intent!
Chen Ping was taken aback for a moment, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand swung violently!
Clang ……
With a crisp sound, that longsword was actually directly cut off by Chen Ping!
After the longsword was severed, a faint light entered into the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping could clearly feel that the strength of the Dragon Slashing Sword had once again increased a little!
This time, Chen Ping was even more confused, not knowing what was going on here.
Just as Chen Ping was dumbfounded, suddenly the dunes shook for a while, and immediately afterwards, he saw a lot of sand start rolling!
The rolling quicksand then ended up forming the shape of a man, holding a sword!
Slowly the human form formed from the sand and earth turned into the form of an old man!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly spoke, “Senior, I wonder what place this is? And who are you?”
Seeing someone appear, Chen Ping wanted to ask what was going on here.
But the old man did not speak, but instead waved the long sword in his hand, followed by countless long swords emerging from beneath the sand dunes, which then tightly surrounded Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned slightly, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand began to emit a burst of green aura!
Then, countless long swords, like a rain of swords, poured down towards Chen Ping ……
Chen Ping could only wave the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand desperately, trying to form an impermeable wall of swords!
Clang clang clang …………
The sound of metal clashing continuously rang out, while the ground was scattered with broken swords!