Inside the Kyoto Protector’s Court!
The Ning family had been killed a dozen people one after another in two days, and Mr. Shi already knew about this matter.
“Zhao Wuji, who do you think might have done this?”
Mr Shi asked to Zhao Wuji.
“Mr. Shi, I can’t guess either, but Mr. Chen was killed by that Ning Hai, but there is still a group of people under Mr. Chen, and these people are all sworn followers of Mr. Chen.”
“Whether it’s the Vicious Valley or the Shadowless Villa, or even the Pill God Valley, these people are all possibilities!”
“But the people who did this are definitely not too strong, apart from the two Ning Family Martial Sects they killed at the beginning, they are all just some Grand Masters behind them.”
Zhao Wuji analyzed.
“This Chen Ping, I don’t know where he got his charm, but he has made so many people follow him with all their hearts ……”
Mr. Shi said with some surprise.
Zhao Wuji shook his head, “I’m not sure, but these people are very respectful and obedient to Mr. Chen ……”
“Do you think that what was done in the past two days could have been done by that Chen Ping?”
Mr. Shi suddenly asked.
Zhao Wuji was stunned, “Does Mr. Shi still suspect that that Mr. Chen is not dead?”
“I never believed that that Chen Ping would die so easily!”
Mr Shi said with a sigh.
Zhao Wuji, on the other hand, shook his head, “It definitely wasn’t Chen’s doing, if it was him, he would have definitely broken into the Ning Family in a high profile manner and followed Ning Hai in a fight to the death.”
“Engaging in this kind of a*sa*sination and sneaking around is not like Mr. Chen’s nature ……”
“Haha, I didn’t expect Pavilion Master Zhao to know me so well ……”
Just as Zhao Wuji finished his words, he only saw Chen Ping walk in with a big smile.
Seeing Chen Ping, Zhao Wuji’s eyes instantly widened, his face full of incredulity.
“Mr. Chen …… Chen, you …… are really not dead?”
Zhao Wouji was a little bit in disbelief, looking at the photo, Chen Ping was all over the body, he couldn’t even see the human appearance.
“Mr. Shi is right, how could I die so easily ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, then cupped his fist towards Mr. Shi and said, “Mr. Shi ……”
“Hahahaha, it seems I guessed correctly, you kid really didn’t die that easily ……”
Mr. Shi laughed, “Not only did your brat not die, it looks like he even made a breakthrough.”
It could be seen that Mr. Shi was also very happy that Chen Ping had not died.
“En, a breakthrough to Martial Marquis ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“Mr. Chen, what the hell is going on here? That Ning Hai has spread the news that you have been killed by him, and there are photos to prove it!”
“And this recent a*sa*sination against the Ning family, does it have anything to do with you?”
Zhao Wuji was full of curiosity, he was eager to know what was going on.
Chen Ping didn’t hide anything and told the story of his battle with Ning Hai, which made both Zhao Wouji and Mr. Shi tense as they listened.
But in the end, when he heard that Chen Ping had been blessed with a direct breakthrough to Martial Marquis due to the disaster, Zhao Wuji looked surprised!
“As for the a*sa*sination against the Ning family in the past two days, I don’t know who was responsible for it, I only arrived in Kyoto today and just heard about it.”
It had taken Chen Ping more than three days to arrive in Kyoto.
He didn’t seek out the Ning family first and came to the Guardian Pavilion in order to spread the news that he was still alive.
By the way, on top of the Martial Dao Forum, he had humiliated Ning Hai properly, Chen Ping’s purpose in doing so was to establish his authority!
“Chen Ping, you chose to come back, what is your next plan?”
Mr Shi asked Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s face was cold as he said in a cold voice, “I will challenge Ning Hai, challenge their entire Ning Family, I will let everyone know what happens when they offend me ……”
Looking at Chen Ping’s murderous intent, Mr. Shi did not say anything.