“What? Don’t I look like a pharmacist?”
Chen Ping said with a slight smile!
“That’s not true, I’m just a bit incredulous!”
Li Qi’s eyes were filled with envy!
If he knew more than just the art of formations and was also a pill master, he wouldn’t be so out of place in the Pill Masters’ Guild!
Soon, the Heavenly Fate Pills were fetched, Chen Wenliang did keep his word and handed over the five Heavenly Fate Pills to Chen Ping!
After all, in front of so many people, even if Chen Wenliang didn’t want to give it, he couldn’t!
The Apothecary Society had to be credible, or else there would be no Apothecaries joining the Society in the future, no one would look for the Society to co-operate with, and the functioning of the Society would be a problem!
Pharmacists are generally not very strong, in the Celestial Realm, a world of the weak and the strong, pharmacists are actually considered weak!
However, it was fortunate that pill masters were small in size and respected, which allowed pill masters in the Celestial Realm to have a place!
If there was no one left to work with the Apothecary Guild, the various resources of the Apothecary Guild would have dried up!
After obtaining the Heavenly Destiny Pill, Chen Ping then went up to the teleportation array and prepared to teleport to Yongle City to look for Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan!
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang also went up to the teleportation array!
The numerous pill masters then lined up in order to get onto the teleportation array to start teleporting!
Along with the flash of white light, the crowd’s eyes went dark and then brightened up.
After opening their eyes again, they had already arrived at Yongle City, which was tens of thousands of miles away!
“Hahaha, almost missed the Apothecary Conference!”
“It really wasn’t easy!”
“Thanks a lot, fellow Daoist, if it wasn’t for you, we were afraid that we would have missed this Pill Masters’ Conference.”
The many pill masters were very happy and thanked Chen Ping one after another!
“Fellow Daoist, this time it’s really thanks to you, otherwise our Central Region Pill Masters Association would have been discredited and would have suffered heavy losses.”
Chen Wenliang once again followed Chen Ping and thanked him!
“President Chen is polite, I also took your Heavenly Fate Pills, this is considered a trade.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Fellow Daoist, I still don’t know your name.”Chen Wenliang asked!
“Chen Ping!”Chen Ping said indifferently!
Here, Chen Ping did not intend to hide his identity!
One, it was because the strength of Pill Masters was generally not very high and could not pose too much of a threat to Chen Ping!
The second was that Chen Ping showed his true face, even if he said a fake name at this time, someone would definitely recognise him, so it was better to just not hide it!
“Chen Ping?”
Chen Wenliang was stunned!
But soon, Chen Wenliang laughed, “So you and I share the same surname, perhaps we were still in the same family thousands of years ago.”
“Perhaps!”
Chen Ping laughed!
Chen Ping knew that Chen Wenliang definitely knew about himself, and he should have known about the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Execution Order as well!
However, since Chen Wenliang pretended not to know, Chen Ping would not dismantle it!
As long as they did not hit on themselves, Chen Ping would not make things difficult for anyone!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I wonder which Apothecary Association’s name you are participating in the Apothecary Conference under?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“Attending in the name of the Apothecary Guild?”Chen Ping was slightly stunned!
How would he know in the name of which Apothecary Guild!
After all, he had not joined any Apothecary Guild either!
Chen Ping’s main purpose was to search for Fire Phoenix and the girls, and it was only because he had heard that there was a Pill Masters’ Guild that he had attended for a bit!
To ask Chen Ping which Apothecary Guild’s name he was attending under, he didn’t know!
Seeing that Chen Ping didn’t understand at all, so Chen Wenliang said once again, “Participating in the Apothecary Conference, if one participates in the name of the Apothecary Association, one can obtain more opportunities and resources.”
“Of course scattered cultivators are also able to participate, or separate medicine families are also able to participate, but it would be more appropriate to have an organisation.”
“If Fellow Daoist Chen hasn’t joined the Pharmacist Association, I’m willing to recommend Fellow Daoist Chen to participate in the name of our Central Region Pharmacist Association!”
Chen Wenliang’s meaning was obvious, this was to pull Chen Ping to join the Pill Masters’ Association of the Central Domain ah!
A cultivator like Chen Ping, who was strong, a Senior Formation Master, and a Pill Refiner, was afraid that any Pill Master Association would grab for him!