“The Nine Shadows Sword Technique, this is the Nine Shadows Sword Technique right?”
Chen Ping shouted desperately as he watched the scene before him.
But the Nine Shadows Sword Technique displayed by this swordsman was not exactly the same as the one Chen Ping had stolen from Ichiro Watanabe, and the similarities among them were only two out of ten.
The Nine Shadows Sword Technique displayed by this swordsman was obviously more powerful.
Chen Ping wanted to rush down from the boulder and have a good chat with the swordsman.
But before Chen Ping’s body could move, he saw the image in front of him shatter instantly, followed by a tremor in his body.
A mouthful of blood gushed out, and Chen Ping retreated directly from within that spiritual world.
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Hu Ma Zi’s face was pale as a talisman was affixed to Chen Ping’s forehead.
“What’s going on here?”
Chen Ping frowned, it was like he had just sat in a dream, but it also seemed real.
“Your spiritual power is too weak, you should have fallen into the illusion of this place and almost fell into it, if I hadn’t pulled you out, I guess you would have been trapped inside for the rest of your life ……”
“Behind you are not allowed to touch anything here indiscriminately, and don’t look around blindly, this place is too spooky!”
Hu Ma Zi admonished Chen Ping.
But it was as if Chen Ping had not heard Hu Ma Zi’s admonition, still thinking about the image he had just seen, because the image was just too short, just a few seconds, before Chen Ping could fully see it, he was pulled out by Hu Ma Zi.
“No, I still have to go in and have a look ……”
Chen Ping’s heart surged when he remembered the Nine Shadows Sword Technique that the swordsman had just used.
Although he had also learned some of the Nine Shadows Sword Technique, but that was only skin deep, following the Nine Shadows Sword Technique that the swordsman had just performed, the Nine Shadows Sword Technique that he had stolen was too rubbish.
Chen Ping ripped off the talisman that Hu Ma Zi had put on his forehead, and his eyes looked straight at the stone monument in front of him, he wanted to enter that world again and watch the swordsman finish the Nine Shadows Sword Technique.
“What are you going to do? Are you crazy?”
Thinking that Chen Ping had been bewitched, Hu Ma Zi immediately shouted in a stern voice.
And with this cry, which also carried a terrifying spiritual impact, Pocky Hu wanted to wake Chen Ping up completely!
But to no avail, Chen Ping was still staring at the stone tablet with a deadly gaze.
“How can this be? How can this be?”
No matter how hard he tried, Chen Ping could no longer enter the world he had just been in.
A moment later, Chen Ping sighed helplessly and withdrew his gaze.
“It’s a pity, it’s really too much of a pity ……”
Chen Ping’s face was filled with chagrin.
Hu Pazzi looked at Chen Ping in confusion, not understanding what was wrong with Chen Ping and what was the sudden pity.
Looking at Hu Pazzi like that, Chen Ping could only tell him about what had just happened to him.
After speaking, Hu Pazzi’s face changed and changed.
“Chen Ping, it might be a mistake for us two to barge into this real-life tomb ……”
Hu Pazzi was a little scared.
There were many things here that they might not have understood at all.
“Since we’re here, we should always go in and take a look, since we’re here, we should be safe ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly.
Things had come to this point, there was no turning back from the opening bow.
The actual tomb is here.
After entering this ancient tomb, there was something else in this tomb, a leaden grey mausoleum, and the air was tinged with a hint of wet and cold.
“My goodness.” After entering this mausoleum, Chen Ping was unable to restrain his shock.
What kind of realm of real people was this to repair a mausoleum? Looking around, the ceiling of the mausoleum was pitch black and deep like the starry sky, with countless luminous beads like stars inlaid on it.
Hu Pazi was looking carefully at every part of the tomb, seeing it very carefully, and his face was very grave, careful at every step!