When the Luo family saw this, they all scattered and fled in fear.
And with a single healthy step, Chen Ping caught up with that Luo family’s butler.
“Where is Ning Zhi?”
Chen Ping asked coldly to that butler.
“Don’t kill me, don’t kill me ……”
The butler trembled, “Young Master Ning has been placed inside the treasury, I can take you there ……”
Chen Ping looked at the butler with that frightened look and let go of him, “If you dare to play tricks, I will smash your head.”
“I dare not, I dare not ……”
How could the butler dare to play tricks, even Luo Jinyou was no match for Chen Ping, even less so for him.
Trembling, the butler led Chen Ping to the warehouse!
And at this moment, inside the warehouse, Ning Zhi looked at the piles of medicinal herbs and crystals inside the warehouse, and a brilliant light emerged from his eyes.
“Look at your lack of talent, as much as these things are, they are simply not enough for you to reach the Martial Marquis realm!”
At this moment, an old voice said in Ning Zhi’s mind.
“Then what do I have to do to ascend to the Martial Marquis realm and kill that Chen Ping?”
Ning Zhi asked.
“The only way you can improve yourself at the fastest rate is to absorb the strength of others!”
The pale old voice said slowly.
“You’re asking me to cultivate the method of evil cultivation? Let me become an evil cultivator?”
Ning Zhi frowned slightly.
“An evil cultivator? What is an evil cultivation, this world is just about the weak eating the strong, and aren’t you sects and families, robbing others of their resources, evil cultivators?”
“Nowadays, strength is the order of the day, do you think that those experts you see, they don’t suck the essence of others?”
In his mind, the pale voice questioned unhappily.
Ning Zhi was silent before speaking, “If I cultivate the method of evil cultivation, what strength can you get me to? Can you kill that Chen Ping?”
“Hahahaha …… Are you joking with me? A mere Chen Ping is nothing, as long as you listen to me, I can let you step onto the peak of the martial dao.”
“By then, the entire martial arts world will have to bow down and you will have nothing to fear ……”
The old voice laughed loudly.
“Could it be that you …… can make me reach the realm of Martial Saint?”
Ning Zhi was breathing heavily and was in an excited mood.
He had to know that a Martial Saint was an existence that was more bullish than a Great Martial Marquis walking, and Ning Zhi didn’t know how long it had been since he had heard of a Martial Saint’s existence.
And as for the legendary Martial Emperor above the Martial Saint, the Realm of Transformation …………
That’s all legends, he always thought it was a legend ……
“Your vision is too short-sighted, the path of the martial dao never ends, and you can even reach the point of immortality!”
“Just listen to my words well, when I am reborn with the help of your body, I will definitely let you stand at the peak of the martial dao world.”
“By that time, the entire martial arts world will be obedient ……”
“And my revenge will be avenged ……”
The old voice grew lighter and lighter, and finally disappeared from Ning Zhi’s mind.
Ning Zhi faintly stared, “Can I ask you a question? What exactly are you? Are you an evil cultivator?”
Ning Zhi was puzzled as to what this black shadow that had taken up residence within him was.
“An evil cultivator?” The old voice rang out with a voice full of disdain, “They’re just my disciples’ sons and daughters.”
Ning Zhi didn’t say anything, but he could sense that this black shadow that was residing within him was definitely not an ordinary fellow!
…………
“Mr. Chen …… Chen, then Ning Zhi is inside this!”
The butler pointed to the warehouse and said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping glanced at the warehouse and his divine sense instantly radiated out, immediately scouting out Ning Zhi inside the warehouse.
Seeing that the butler was not lying, Chen Ping then said, “Get lost ……”
The butler happily rolled and ran away.
And at this moment, Ning Zhi was about to cultivate inside the warehouse when that old voice in his mind instantly alerted, “That Chen Ping is here ……”