“Who are you people?”
Just as Chen Ping followed Zhao Wuji to the courtyard gate, a guard asked with a nervous expression.
“Hello, I’m Zhao Wuji, the Guardian Pavilion Master, I’ve come to pay my respects to the leader ……”
Zhao Wuji hurriedly stepped forward and said to the guard at the door!
The guard took a careful look at Zhao Wuji, his expression then recovered and said, “So it’s Pavilion Master Zhao, I’ll go report this ……”
After the guard finished speaking, he went straight into the courtyard to report, while Chen Ping and Zhao Wuji waited outside!
And at this moment, in the hall of the courtyard, Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong were facing a middle-aged man who was probably in his fifties, with a sturdy figure and a Chinese face!
Even Zou Zhaolong, a wealthy Chinese merchant, and Yuan Baozhong, the number one Chinese magician in Hong Kong, had a respectful look on their faces when they saw this middle-aged man!
This middle-aged man was the leader of Department Six, Chang Yuan Jun, who had fought in real wars and had a great record of war achievements!
“Boss Zou, Master Yuan, please forgive me for sending someone to take the liberty of inviting you here this time ……”
Chang Yuanjun said to the two men with a polite face!
“The leader is too polite, it’s an honor for us to share the leader’s worries ……”
Zou Zhaolong looked as if he was flattered!
That Yuan Baozhong also hurriedly said, “The leader can use us, that is to think highly of us, we will do our best to share the leader’s worries and solve his problems ……”
Seeing Yuan Baozhong say this, Chang Yuanjun’s face showed a slight smile and said, “Since Master Yuan said so, then I will not be polite, I think you have heard that I have a son, because of the injury, the whole person has been bedridden for more than a year, and I hope Master Yuan can help to see if he can be cured …… ”
“Leader, I wonder if I can be taken to see the condition of your son?”
Yuan Baozhong asked.
“Of course you can, you guys come with me ……”
Chang Yuanjun nodded and got up, ready to lead Yuan Baozhong and Zou Zhaolong to the bedroom!
But at that moment, a guard hurriedly walked in, went to Chang Wanjun’s ear, and then whispered a few words!
After hearing this, Chang Yanjun said to the guard, “Let them in ……”
After saying that, Chang Wanjun looked at Yuan Baozhong with an apologetic face, “Master Yuan, there is a sudden guest visiting, you guys take a break for now, I will take you there later!”
“Fine, fine, leader be my guest!” Yuan Baozhong nodded his head repeatedly!
Soon, Zhao Wouji and Chen Ping were brought into the hall!
“Zhao Wouji has taken the liberty to disturb the leader, I hope the leader won’t be blamed ……”
Zhao Wouji hurriedly made amends after seeing Chang Wanjun!
“Wuji, is there something important you want to see me about? Hurry up and say it, I still have something to do ……”
When Chang Wanjun saw Zhao Wuji come to his house to look for him, he thought there was something important!
And as for the Chen Ping beside Zhao Wuji, Chang Wanjun didn’t even look at him, treating Chen Ping as Zhao Wuji’s henchman!
And at this moment, Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong saw that Chen Ping had followed Zhao Wouji and had even come, so they couldn’t help but frown at each other!
“Leader, I heard that your son has been bedridden for over a year and is in a coma, so I specially brought Mr. Chen over to see your son ……”
Zhao Wuji finished, and then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, this is Leader Chang ……”
“Hello Leader Chang ……” Chen Ping nodded slightly and extended his hand towards Chang Wanjun!
And Chang Yuanjun did not move, but looked Chen Ping up and down, frowning slightly, a hairy boy in his twenties? What kind of doctor could he be?
It was a pity that he was unable to help his son, which made him determined to invite Yuan Baozhong to come.
But for the sake of his son, Chang Yuanjun had to go out of his way. If he had any way, he would not have sent someone to invite Yuan Baozhong here!