“How are you going to punish me?”
Chen Ping faced Ivan’s gun with no hint of fear on his face.
“Scrapping your leg, of course ……”
With that, Ivan didn’t hesitate to pull the trigger!
It can be seen that this Ivan is also a ruthless master with a black heart!
Bang ……
The shot rang out, but Chen Ping was still standing intact, as if the bullet did not hit Chen Ping’s leg!
This time, Ivan just froze: “D*mn, it didn’t even hit so close?”
Still doubting his marksmanship, Ivan fired a shot towards Chen Ping’s leg again!
Bump ……
Another shot, but Chen Ping was still standing intact!
At this point all the bikers looked at Ivan with incredulity in their eyes!
Two shots from such a close distance and he missed?
“D*mn it, I don’t believe it …………”
Bang Bang Bang …………
Ivan shot several times in quick succession until he emptied his gun of bullets, and only then did he stop!
But Chen Ping was still standing in front of him with a sneer on his face, not even a bit injured!
Even those from the Daxia Gang looked at Chen Ping incredulously, not understanding how Chen Ping could be alright.
Only Tang Dali was trembling slightly, if not in front of so many people, he would have knelt down for Chen Ping.
“What the …… hell kind of gun is this?”
Seeing that so many shots had failed to hit Chen Ping, Ivan instantly dropped the snatch in his hand to the ground, putting the blame on the gun being faulty.
“It’s not the gun, it’s the person ……”
Chen Ping said, opened his hand, immediately after the bullet fell from Chen Ping’s hand to the ground!
Looking at the scene in front of him, that Ivan took several steps backwards in succession, looking at Chen Ping incredulously!
He didn’t expect that there was someone who could catch a bullet with his empty hand?
This was outrageous!
“I don’t believe it, you can catch a dozen guns too ……”
Ivan told everyone to aim their guns at Chen Ping, ready to shoot him to death indiscriminately!
But just as these men raised their guns, they felt a black shadow pa*s in front of them, followed by an empty hand and the guns were gone ……
But Chen Ping had been standing in front of them, not moving a muscle!
When they looked to the side, they realized that Fan Jiang had already taken a dozen guns in his hand.
“A bunch of broken bra*s and iron, and still dare to hold it and flaunt it ……”
Fan Jiang said, his hands actually rubbed those dozen guns into a big iron ball!
This time, that Ivan was dumbfounded and shivered all over!
Those other bikers also had a look of horror on their faces.
They couldn’t understand what kind of two perverts they had met ……
“I’m in a good mood today and don’t want to kill anyone, so you can all get lost now ……”
Chen Ping said to those bikers who had a terrified look on their faces.
As soon as Ivan heard that, he immediately turned around and ran away, instantly running away without a single person.
As soon as those bikers left, Tang Dali knelt down in front of Chen Ping with a poof!
“Senior is above, please accept my obeisance ……”
“Just now, it was my eyes that were blind and my words offended senior, I deserve to die ……”
Tang Dali’s forehead was covered in cold sweat and his body was trembling!
“Master Tang, why are you doing this? You didn’t offend me just now ……”
Chen Ping gently rested his palm, and at once a force lifted Tang Dali up.
“Senior, I …………”
Tang Dali wanted to say something else, but Chen Ping waved his hand: “Master Tang, you are older than me, don’t call me senior in one breath, it makes me uncomfortable!”
When Tang Dali heard this, he hurriedly changed his tone, “Mr. Chen, you …… are you not that Chen Ping who founded the Dragon Sect in the martial arts world of Kyoto?”
Chen Ping smiled and nodded his head, having revealed his strength, Chen Ping had nothing to hide!
Once he saw Chen Ping admit it, Tang Dali’s face became even more excited!
“Mr. Chen, you’re my idol, I didn’t expect to meet you today, I’m simply too excited, Mr. Chen came to look for that relic, I’m sure I’ll be able to find it ……”
At this moment Tang Dali changed his tune and wasn’t persuading Chen Ping to leave!