No one saw how the blood demon moved, it was like an instantaneous movement!
“Ah …………”
When those black copper robes saw this, their eyes were full of ruthlessness, and they rushed towards the Blood Demon in a single stream immediately afterwards!
They knew that the only way to have a chance of survival was to fight for their lives!
A dozen Black Bronze Robes rushed towards the Blood Devil.
The Blood Demon, on the other hand, threw out both palms, one after the other, directly slapping the souls of those Black Bronze Robes, not even a single crumb remained.
A dozen Black Bronze Robes, that is, in the blink of an eye, not a single one was left, not even a single corpse was left behind!
Nie Cheng looked at the scene before him, his face cold to the core!
In his hand, he clutched the vajra mortar and pestle to death, and now it seemed that this vajra mortar and pestle was his life-saving talisman.
It was a Martial Saint weapon, even if he couldn’t deal with that Blood Demon, but with the Martial Saint weapon in his hand, Nie Cheng still had the confidence to escape!
“Do you want to talk to me now? If you let my girlfriend go, I can keep you alive ……” 首发网址https://m.lqzw.org
Chen Ping said to that Nie Cheng.
“I told you, I’m not qualified to set your girlfriend free, and I’m telling you, even if you kill me, you won’t be able to open the dungeon ……”
Nie Cheng said with an expressionless face.
“Then since you’re useless, there’s only one way to die ……”
Chen Ping finished and glanced at the Blood Demon, who was slowly walking towards Nie Cheng!
“Hmph, don’t you forget the Martial Saint Weapon in my hand ……”
Said Nie Cheng a breath instantly entered the vajra, immediately after the vajra emitted light and a terrifying aura began to spread!
That Martial Saint’s aura within the vajra was not only condensing, the hall was filled with a terrifying pressure!
Under this pressure, Chen Ping’s legs began to tremble and he finally fell to one knee with a poof!
Even under the Martial Saint’s aura, Chen Ping could not carry it at all!
Seeing Chen Ping even kneel down, Nie Cheng’s inner heart was filled with confidence.
“When I promised you this Martial Saint artifact, you even disliked it, now you know its power, right?”
Nie Cheng laughed coldly for a moment, then raised the vajra pestle in his hand high in the air.
In an instant, a terrifying aura continued to emanate, followed by a dazzling light erupting from the vajra pestle, and that light was heading straight for the Blood Demon!
Chen Ping was instantly shaken away by the blinding light, and in front of the Martial Saint Weapon, Chen Ping actually did not have the slightest power to fight back!
At this moment, Chen Ping had truly witnessed the power of a Martial Saint!
This was only a wisp of aura emanating from the Martial Saint Weapon, if it was a true Martial Saint expert, wouldn’t that strength be even more terrifying?
Thinking of Fan Jiang’s words that there were Martial Saints within the Martial Alliance, this caused Chen Ping’s face to be filled with apprehension!
But now, fortunately, he had the Blood Demon with him, and it was not a problem to deal with that Nie Cheng, otherwise Chen Ping would really not be able to deal with this Martial Saint weapon by himself.
The Blood Demon ignored the light emanating from the Vajra Mortar, and strands of Martial Saint power kept striking the Blood Demon’s body!
But to the Blood Demon’s terrifying flesh, it was like following an itch!
When it reached Nie Cheng, the Blood Demon slapped him!
Nie Cheng’s heart was shocked, so he roared out and the vajra in his hand shone even brighter!
The Blood Demon still ignored the glow and smacked Nie Cheng’s vajra directly, and the Martial Saint’s power emanating from the vajra was instantly shattered by the Blood Demon’s slap!
Nie Cheng only felt like his arm was about to break, and the vajra in his hand instantly flew out!
Without the intimidating pressure of the Martial Saint’s aura, Chen Ping instantly got up and leapt straight up towards the vajra.
When Nie Cheng saw that Chen Ping was going to get the vajra, he was very anxious inside, but in the face of the Blood Demon, he could only run for his life, and he had to do without the vajra!
Nie Cheng turned around and ran, but after Chen Ping got the pestle, a Martial Saint’s power went towards Nie Cheng!
Nie Cheng only felt a terrifying aura behind him, and before he could react, his entire body was sent flying!
Nie Cheng fell heavily to the ground, spitting blood furiously, obviously seriously injured!