“In the future, I don’t want anyone to threaten me again, because I hate threats ……”
As soon as Chen Ping let go of his hand, the Fourth Elder’s body sat down on the ground with a poof!
The pale Fourth Elder, who had walked through the ghost gate, couldn’t even stand up at this moment!
The Third Elder hurriedly helped the Fourth Elder up, “Just listen to me, I’m not lying to you ……”
When the First Elder saw Chen Ping let go of his hand, he put his weapon away and looked at Chen Ping, “Good, we are willing to listen to Mr. Chen, I hope Mr. Chen can force out the parasite inside us!”
The Eldest Elder finally gave in and said respectfully to Chen Ping.
“Hold out your hand ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
The Eldest Elder froze as the Third Elder hurriedly explained, “Big Brother, this is Mr. Chen trying to force out the compulsions for you!”
Upon hearing this, the Grand Elder hurriedly put his hand out, Chen Ping flexed his finger and a red light entered the Grand Elder’s body, followed by a painful grimace, and finally the Grand Elder opened his mouth violently and a scarlet worm sprang out of his mouth!
After landing on the ground, the worm quickly ran towards the shade, as the sunlight could not shine in here, so the compulsion did not die!
Chen Ping lifted his foot and directly crushed the parasite to death!
Watching this scene, several elders were dumbfounded, they didn’t expect Chen Ping to actually be able to force out the compulsion!
Pfft, pfft …………
The second elder, the fourth elder hurriedly knelt down to Chen Ping: “Please, Mr. Chen, help us force out the compulsion insects as well!”
After so many years of living in fear and trepidation, who would want this, who would want their little lives to be held by someone else who might let them die with one displeasure!
“Hold out your hand!” Chen Ping said indifferently!
The Second Elder and the Fourth Elder hurriedly stretched out their hands, and Chen Ping used the same method to force the parasites out of the two men’s bodies!
At this moment, the four elders were all excited and bowed to Chen Ping in gratitude!
On the other side of the Xuan Yue Valley hall, Qian Feng always felt that his mind was restless and his eyelids were jumping, as if something was going on!
“Someone!” Qian Feng shouted!
“Valley Master!” Immediately, a subordinate walked in!
“Has the Grand Elder brought someone to check it out yet?” Qian Feng asked.
“The Grand Elder has taken the Second Elder and the Fourth Elder have gone to check ……”
The subordinate said.
“Hmm!” Qian Feng waved his hand!
But just as the subordinate had retreated, Qian Feng found that the inside of the clay jar was turning over with a great movement, and had never had such a thing happen before.
Qian Feng was shocked and hurriedly opened the pottery jar and found that the three large parasites inside were dead, these were the three largest parasites inside!
“How is this ………… possible?” Qian Feng’s eyes were filled with shock, followed by anger, “Who, who killed all four of my elders?”
Qian Feng snapped his head up and roared in anger, his roar resounding throughout Xuan Yue Valley!
Chen Ping, who had already reached the vicinity of Xuan Yue Valley’s lair, also heard that Qian Feng’s roar!
The Great Elder was slightly stunned, and then said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, after the cold pool in front of us, behind us is the place where Qian Feng is, but Mr. Chen should be careful, there are many poisonous creatures raised by Qian Feng in the cold pool, if you are bitten, you will die immediately. The body is now forced out, I’m afraid we can’t get through!”
“Then usually you guys go in and out, and still have to row the boat?” Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“Yes, all of you are rowing in and out in small boats, but I heard that there are stone pillars inside this cold pool, so you can also step on them to pa*s through, only the location of this stone pillar is not known to anyone except that Qian Feng!”
The Eldest Elder said!
“This Qian Feng, is quite cautious …………”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!