Hearing Zhu Zhishan mention Su Yuqi, Chen Ping’s face turned red from anger!
“Today, I will fight with you ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he took a deep breath and the golden light within his body was bursting out in a continuous stream.
The wounds on Chen Ping’s body were healing at a speed visible to the naked eye again, and then a dazzling light shone from his chest!
Chen Ping slowly raised his hand, and a golden dragon surprisingly appeared and began to hover above Chen Ping’s head.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping shouted explosively, followed by a dragon whistle from the golden dragon, which then headed straight towards Zhu Zhishan.
Facing the golden dragon, Zhu Zhishan had no fear, and with a fierce swing of his fist, he directly knocked the golden dragon into smoke and disappeared without a trace.
Immediately afterwards Zhu Zhishan came with a big step, his face grim: “No more games with you, go to hell ……”
Chen Ping’s face changed, not daring to be the least bit slow, he hurriedly swung out with a fist!
Boom!
A loud sound came out, Zhu Zhishan had gathered all his energy in one place, he was planning to finish Chen Ping off with one punch.
Chen Ping’s arm made a crisp sound and his entire body flew backwards, but in mid-air, as if he had hit something, he instantly fell hard to the ground.
Chen Ping’s arm was broken and the breath in his body began to wander around in a messy manner as mouthfuls of fresh blood continued to gush out.
Now it came to the point where Chen Ping’s eyes were starting to become a little blurry and his mind was not even clear.
“No, I can’t die, I can’t die ……”
Chen Ping fiercely bit the tip of his tongue, followed by his mind instantly clearing up.
Chen Ping stood up with difficulty, and Zhu Zhishan was a little surprised to see that Chen Ping could even stand up!
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Zhishan coldly, then said indifferently, “It seems that I can only die with you ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he slowly closed his eyes and recited the words in his mouth.
Soon, Chen Ping’s originally dwindling breath began to surge up.
Moreover, the golden light that had dimmed within Chen Ping’s body began to become dazzling!
“Surprisingly, burning essence blood?”
Zhu Zhishan could see that Chen Ping was in a dying struggle, burning his own essence blood.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping slowly raised his palm all the way up, and the golden light from his body unexpectedly came out of his body one after another, coalescing into a ball of light above Chen Ping’s palm.
This ball of light emitted hot waves of Qi, which rippled out in all directions, and the surrounding trees seemed to be instantly drained of water, becoming withered at once.
When Zhu Zhishan saw this scene, his brow could not help but frown, he also felt a hint of danger at this moment.
He did not expect Chen Ping to be able to exert such strength with this dying struggle.
The aura on Zhu Zhishan’s body also exploded to the extreme, followed by a stony face as he looked at Chen Ping.
Both sides knew that this was the final blow, so they put their best foot forward.
The ball of light grew larger and larger in Chen Ping’s hand, and finally the dazzling light seemed to swallow everyone up.
Chen Ping then snapped open his eyes, and after shouting in anger, he strove to smash the ball of light towards Zhu Zhishan fiercely.
The rolling waves of air seemed to bake everyone dry, and the heavenly net that surrounded them became shattered and disappeared in that instant.
Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, was surrounded by a faint purple glow that protected his entire body.
Boom!
The ball of light exploded, a dazzling light that made everyone unable to open their eyes, like a bomb explosion, and the rolling wave of air lifted everyone out.
Slowly, the wave disappeared and a huge deep crater appeared on the ground. The purple Chinese shield on Zhu Zhishan’s body was shattered in that instant, and his whole body was sent flying.
Slowly standing up, Zhu Zhishan’s body was already in a mess, and the three men he had brought with him were all bleeding from their seven orifices and their faces were dried up, having been roasted to death alive.