“Brother, can I ask, where did you get this sword?”
Chen Ping asked.
The merchant then looked away and pointed to the snowy mountains in the distance, “I picked up this sword when I went to pick snow lotuses, it’s been a few years ago, it was particularly sharp at first, cutting iron like mud, only that I don’t know how to maintain it, and it only rusted recently.”
“If it wasn’t rusty, I wouldn’t even sell it for five million, do you want it or not? If you don’t want it, I’m going to close the stall and leave ……”
“I’ll take it!” Chen Ping finished speaking and directly transferred five million to that trader!
When the merchant saw this, he also acted excited, it looked like he didn’t think that this sword could really be sold for five million!
Chen Ping couldn’t stop holding the sword, at least he could first be sure that the Sword Asking Sect was here, and that the relic was most likely the Sword Asking Sect.
“Five million for a broken sword, you’ve gotten rich after not seeing it for a year ……”
At this time, a woman’s voice came from behind Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was stunned to hear this voice, he felt that this voice was familiar, but he couldn’t remember it for a while.
Then Chen Ping turned around and the moment he saw the girl’s face, it instantly came to him!
“Princess Anna, how is it you?”
Chen Ping said with some excitement.
“This is my country, it’s normal for me to come here for pleasure, but I feel surprised to see you here, at first I thought I was mistaken!”
Anna said with equal excitement.
Chen Ping looked at Andrew and felt the aura of Andrew’s body. He did not expect that in just a year’s time, Andrew’s strength had reached the level of Martial Marquis!
Although there was still a big gap compared to Chen Ping, but this speed was fast enough!
A year ago, at the request of Zhao Wuji, Chen Ping participated in the international competition, Andrew was still only a Martial Sect, and it was at that time that Chen Ping killed Ichiro Watanabe, and completely formed an enmity with the Watanabe family of the island!
“Andrew, your strength is growing fast ……”
Chen Ping smiled and said to Andrew.
“Mr. Chen is also good ah ……”
Andrew said with a smile.
In fact, Andrew did not probe Chen Ping’s strength, he was just being polite!
After all, during the international tournament, Andrew had already been convinced by Chen Ping!
Otherwise, with such a fiery character like their Bear Kingdom, it would be impossible to follow Chen Ping’s words so closely.
“Chen Ping, are you here on a tour?”
Anna asked.
“Sort of. ……” Chen Ping didn’t know what to say!
“Since we’re here, I’ll have to do my best as a host, I’ll show you around properly and then take you to our house as a guest afterwards!”
“It only takes a few hours to get to our house by plane here ……”
Anna went forward and took Chen Ping’s hand, happily following him.
Chen Ping was a little overwhelmed by this enthusiasm from Anna.
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Anna laughed, “Didn’t you bring your two girlfriends with you? Are you already married with children?”
Looking at Anna’s curious look, Chen Ping didn’t know how to answer her.
Gu Ling’er had come, but Su Yuqi was still locked up in the dungeon.
“You didn’t break up with them, did you? When I guess men are no good, they’re all scum ……”
Anna said to Chen Ping with a smile.
Chen Ping sighed and didn’t retort, saying that he was a scum, then he was a scum, right?
Now so many women have their hearts set on him, Chen Ping doesn’t want to disappoint anyone!
Especially looking at Ji Ru Xue’s pitiful appearance, Chen Ping could not bear to refuse.
If he could, when he retired, he would take all these women into his pocket!
Chen Ping just doesn’t know if this is considered scum ……