“All of you go and gather your troops immediately, let Chen Ping lead the group and we’ll head to where the Immortal Spirit Stone vein is.”
“I’ll personally go this time as well, if that Qiu Wanha dares to rob it from me, I’ll fight him!”
After Xing Daorong’s order was given, those few commanders immediately led the way!
In just a few minutes, hundreds of soldiers had already assembled, as well as dozens of guest ministers, who had also assembled, and Bai Cheng was also among them!
Chen Ping didn’t have any nonsense, and directly led the people out of the city with great vigor!
Along the way, it caused many cultivators to hide, not knowing what was going on!
Even the guards who were watching the city gates avoided them from a distance, and no one dared to question and interrogate them!
Anyone who dared to interrogate the Xingfu soldiers was looking for death!
Right after Chen Ping led hundreds of people out of the city, in the hall of the Qiu Mansion, Qiu Wanha looked at Qiu Tint’s corpse and couldn’t stop his body from trembling!
When Qiu Yu died, he wasn’t so sad because he knew that he still had Qiu Tu as his son!
In comparison, Qiu Tu was much stronger than Qiu Yu, and was the ideal successor in Qiu Wan Ha’s heart!
Qiu Yu will only cause trouble, looking for fun, dead is also dead!
But right now, Qiu Tu is also dead, his two sons are gone, which makes Qiu Wanha a bit unbearable!
“Master, that Criminal Daorong led hundreds of people out of the city!”
At this time, Qiu Mansion’s housekeeper came forward and said to Qiu Wanha!
Qiu Wanha frowned and gritted his teeth, “This fellow, he’s definitely running towards that Immortal Spirit Stone vein.”
“Tu’er died because of this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein mustn’t fall into the hands of that Interdiction Daorong, go gather the men and horses right away, let’s set off!”
Qiu Wanha also knew about the matter of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, Qiu Tu must have reported it before he died!
Now that Interdiction Daorong suddenly brought people out of the city, Qiu Wanha immediately guessed the reason!
Not too long ago, Qiu Wanha also gathered hundreds of people, vastly out of the city!
This time, it confused those cultivators in Beast City!
“Holy shit, what’s the situation here, the three major beast generals of Beast City, they all went out for two, and they’re all fully armed, with all their troops.”
“I remember these three big beast generals haven’t been out of Beast City for years, what’s going on today?”
“I’m afraid that something big is going to happen, something big is going to happen in Beast City ……”
On the street, many cultivators were talking, but no one knew what was happening!
Right after Qiu Wanha led people out of the city, only one of the three great beast generals was left in Beast City!
Of course, when Xing Daorong and Qiu Wanha left the city, they couldn’t escape that Yan General Yan Shuangying!
“General, both Xing Daorong and Qiu Wanha have left the city, and both have all their men with them.”
An underling of the Yan Mansion reported!
“This is really strange, what exactly are these two guys playing at? It seems like Beast City has not been peaceful these past few days.”
“Captain Zhou was killed outside the city for no reason, and the Qiu Mansion is also hoisting white sails, what the hell is going on here?”
Yan Shuangying narrowed a pair of eagle eyes, pondering!
“General, now that both of their families are out of the city, why don’t we take advantage of the situation and take Beast City in one fell swoop?”
“By then, it won’t be so easy for the two of them to come back when they want to!”
The subordinate whispered!
“Shut up, do you think the City Lord doesn’t exist? The City Lord just hasn’t shown his face for years, it’s not that he doesn’t exist anymore.”
“I’m not that stupid, I just want to steadily become a general on my own, I don’t want to be the city lord.”
“Whoever of the two of them is happy to be will be, you continue to go and snoop around and just watch, you will never be allowed to help either one of them, got it?”
Yan Shuangying barked at his men!
“Understood.”The subordinate nodded, then turned around and left!
Yan Shuangying, on the other hand, was playing with the two iron balls in his hand, the corner of his mouth slightly raised as he said, “Two big f**kers, haven’t you ever heard of the story of the sandpiper and the mussel fighting for the benefit of the fisherman?”