But no matter what method was used, the boulder remained untouched.
Slowly, the idea of opening the boulder and looking inside was abandoned.
When Chen Ping heard this, he was silent!
A seated monk would have such great energy?
It had been hundreds of years, and the streams of water flowing from it all contained a great deal of spiritual energy.
How was this possible?
Chen Ping suspected that there must be something else inside to give off such pure spiritual energy.
But as for what it was, Chen Ping had no idea.
Unless there was a way to break that boulder and get inside to take a look.
But with Chen Ping’s current ability, he would not be able to break the boulder.
After following Ji Ru Xue for a while longer, Chen Ping proposed to go inside the cave to cultivate!
However, it was considered a restricted area of the Red Lotus Palace, but when Chen Ping proposed it, Ji Ru Xue agreed.
…………
Sacred Beast Palace.
Fei Qingping was lying on his big tiger skin chair, accompanied by two very revealingly dressed women beside him.
At this moment, a Sacred Beast Palace subordinate, hurriedly ran in and knelt head first on the ground.
“Palace Master, the man that Young Master brought to the palace has returned!”
The Sacred Beast Palace sub-disciple said.
“Has that Xiang Chong returned? This fellow, when he sees a woman, he probably can’t even walk ……”
Fei Qingping asked with slightly narrowed eyes.
“Back to the Palace Master, Young Master Xiang has not returned, only the few men he brought with him have returned, but it looks like they have injuries on them!”
The Sacred Beast Palace sub-disciple replied.
“There are wounds?” Fei Qingping opened his eyes and sat up at once, “Call a few of them in!”
Soon, several Martial Sects who had followed Xiang Chong were called in.
“What’s going on?”
Fei Qingping asked.
Several people hurriedly knelt on the ground, “Palace Master, Young Master Xiang has been killed ……”
“What?” Fei Qingping stood up with a scuffle, “Killed by who? Puncher is a half-step Martial Marquis, in the entire South, who dares to kill him?”
“That Ji Ru Xue? She couldn’t possibly be a match for Chong’er!”
“Palace Master, it was Chen Ping, it was a fellow called Chen Ping who killed Young Master Xiang ……”
A Martial Sect said.
“Chen Ping?”
Fei Qingping’s brow furrowed slightly as he tried to think about this person.
However, it seemed that he had not heard of such an expert in the south.
At this moment, a Sacred Beast Palace elder stepped forward and whispered a few words in Fei Qingping’s ear, and Fei Qingping instantly dawned on him!
“D*mn, so it’s this kid, how did he come to us and even help that Red Lotus Palace?”
“But for him to come here and mess with my Sacred Beast Palace, that’s just looking for death!”
Fei Qingping said with a murderous look on his face.
However, Fei Qingping did not understand how Chen Ping had run from Kyoto to the south all of a sudden.
And followed that Red Lotus Palace with some kind of friendship, to the extent that he was helping the Red Lotus Palace.
“Palace Master, I think we should investigate properly and see if that Chen Ping came here on his own.”
“He actually had the guts to kill Young Master Xiang, so that proves that he didn’t put our Sacred Beast Palace in his eyes.”
“In that case, there must be someone else behind him, we’d better not move that Chen Ping first!”
The elder persuaded to Fei Qingping.
Fei Qingping frowned, the things that that Chen Ping had done in Kyoto were indeed bluffing as well.
As the saying went, a man’s name was a shadow of a tree, and Chen Ping was famous, so if one wanted to deal with Chen Ping, they would all weigh it up properly.
A moment later, Fei Qingping said, “En, go and investigate, but it would be great if we could pull that Chen Ping into our Sacred Beast Palace, this kid is a talent!”
After hearing the elders talk about Chen Ping, Fei Qingping admired Chen Ping and thought that he was a talent.
And as for the matter of Xiang Chong being killed by Chen Ping, Fei Qingping could pretend that it hadn’t happened.
It was just one righteous son, Fei Qingping had more than ten righteous sons!
The elders led the order to go and investigate Chen Ping, while Fei Qingping laid back down again ……