Suddenly, a golden light rose up in the villa, a blinding golden light that directly dispersed the crows in the sky, and many of them even fell to the ground under this golden light.
Seeing this blinding golden light, everyone stopped.
Rumble …………
Suddenly, the whole earth shook for a moment, followed by a big hole breaking through the villa’s roof, and Chen Ping’s body slowly floated into the air!
Chen Ping’s whole body was wrapped in golden light, just like an immortal who had descended from the sky.
Everyone, stunned by the scene before them, tilted their heads and looked at Chen Ping in mid-air.
“Big brother, this …………”
The Second Protector looked at Chen Ping in mid-air, not knowing what to do for a moment.
“This kid has broken through …………”
The Great Protector’s brows tightened, “Brothers, make a move, we must not let him make a complete breakthrough.”
After the Grand Protector finished speaking, his feet gave a beat, and his body also directly rose up in the air, followed by a fist that punched out a white powerful qi visible to the naked eye.
This powerful qi was like a cannonball that came in a hurry and hit Chen Ping’s body fiercely.
Rumble …………
After a deafening sound, Chen Ping, who was wrapped in the golden light, did not move at all and remained suspended in mid-air, the Great Protector’s punch did not cause the slightest damage to Chen Ping.
Seeing this, the Grand Protector clenched his fist once again, and after a furious shout, a burst of light coalesced on his huge fist, and a terrifyingly powerful aura came crashing down on him.
The aura on the Grand Protector’s body climbed to the extreme as he ruthlessly smashed his fist into Chen Ping’s chest.
But just as the Great Protector’s fist was about to smash into Chen Ping’s chest, suddenly, Chen Ping opened his eyes, and two golden lights burst out from Chen Ping’s eyes, followed by the terrifying spiritual energy being released over the sky.
Boom …………
The Grand Protector only felt a strong wind sweeping against him, followed by an incomparably strong aura crushing through him.
The aura on the Grand Protector’s body was surprisingly crushed at this moment and collapsed instantly, while the Grand Protector’s body also flew straight backwards, hitting the ground heavily and smashing the ground into a large crater of nearly ten metres.
The Grand Protector’s chest was sunken, his ribs obviously broken, and his face was pale beyond belief as blood continued to start dripping from the corners of his mouth.
“Big Brother …………”
Seeing this, several other guardians hurriedly ran over and helped the Grand Protector up.
And Chen Ping slowly fell from mid-air, and when he saw the blood on the scene, his face turned incomparably cold, and the killing aura from his body enveloped the entire Pan Long Bay.
“Chen Ping …………”
“Mr. Chen …………”
Long Wu and Lin Tianhu and the others were all excited when they saw that Chen Ping had completed his retreat and had made a breakthrough.
While Chen Ping’s gaze swept over Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er, Xiao Lan and several others on the ground, the killing aura on his body intensified.
Su Yuqi and the others were helped up, and although they were seriously injured, it was not enough to be fatal.
“Are you guys alright?”
Chen Ping waved his hand, and three channels of spiritual energy instantly struck into Su Yuqi and the girls.
“Can’t die yet, you’ll be fine when you wake up ……”
Su Yuqi said with a pale face and a smile.
“Chen Ping, go and see Xiao Bai, it’s dying ……”
Gu Ling’er said to Chen Ping.
Although she herself was seriously injured, she was still worried about the snow wolf’s well-being.
Chen Ping glanced at the Snow Wolf lying on the ground, covered in wounds and dying, squatted down and gently stroked the Snow Wolf’s head.
A strand of spiritual energy entered the snow wolf’s body, and Chen Ping’s brow furrowed.
The snow wolf’s internal organs had been crushed, there was no chance of saving it from death.
The Snow Wolf looked at Chen Ping and whimpered twice, it seemed to know that it was going to die as well, it opened its mouth and suddenly spat out a crystal clear bead from its mouth!