“Boss Liu, we won’t be leaving too far, we’re just casually turning around, if we really run into a powerful demonic beast, we’ll be right back!”
Chen Wenliang gave a wink towards Chen Ping and Zhong Yi, then the three of them leapt up!
Afterwards, the young man beside Elder Liu also chased after him with two cultivators!
“What are you guys following for?”
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang instantly asked in dissatisfaction!
“Oh, Elder Liu is afraid that you guys are in danger, so he asked us to protect!”
The young man hurriedly said!
“We don’t need protection, you guys go back!”Chen Wenliang told the few people to go back!
But no one listened, wherever the few of them went, that young man followed.
“President Chen, let them follow, just see if they can keep up!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly pulled Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi, utilising the Royal Fire Steps, and instantly disappeared without a trace!
This time, that young man was directly dumbfounded, he had never seen such a fast speed before!
Without Chen Ping and the others, the young man could only bring people back!
“How did you come back? Where are they?”
Elder Liu saw that the young man had returned and asked with some confusion!
“Elder Liu, these guys are too fast, they were gone in the blink of an eye, we couldn’t catch up at all.”
“I see that these guys seem to suspect us, it looks like we have to strike first.”
The young man said!
“What? Even you can’t catch up with them?”
Elder Liu frowned slightly, “It seems like they also have a high level person here, the three of them ran away, it’s fine if the others didn’t run away.”
“Follow me down, these people can’t be allowed to run again, control them first!”
Elder Liu led the people towards the cabin!
With Chen Wenliang’s instructions, in fact, all these people in the cabin were also on guard against Elder Liu and these people!
Seeing Elder Liu walk in with his men, all of them got up and then had a defensive look on their faces!
Elder Liu felt the atmosphere inside the cabin and knew that he had to make a move!
“Everyone, now that we’ve left the stormy sea, there’s no more danger, if anyone wants to go to the deck, they can always go up and get some air.”
Elder Liu said to the crowd!
He did this in order to make the crowd let their guard down and then suddenly strike!
What he needed was not to kill these people, but to keep them under control, which was the hardest part, so he had to strike when the crowd was relaxed!
Seeing that Elder Liu let them go to the deck, as if he had no intention of controlling them, sure enough, the crowd’s taut nerves relaxed quite a bit!
But just as someone was about to go up to the deck, suddenly that Elder Liu had an extra spirit talisman in his hand!
“God formation open ……”
Elder Liu shouted, and the spirit talisman instantly burst into flames!
The crowd hadn’t reacted yet, and with a boom, the entire cabin below unexpectedly lit up with a formation rune, which would eventually become a large formation with a flickering light!
Within the formation, an aura was like a vine, frantically heading towards the many pill masters!
It then began to control every single pill master present!
“Everyone be careful ……”
Granny Zhen roared and tried to rush towards that Elder Liu, but she was instantly entangled by an aura, and her body’s strength was directly bound, and her entire body fell to the ground!
The other Wannabe Pill Masters were also controlled one after another, unable to exert any power at all!
“Hmph, a mere formation, still want to trap us ……”
Gu Tianzhao snorted coldly, then brought the people from the Two Yi Sect to strike together!
A formation took shape in Gu Tianzhao’s and their hands, and then a spirit sword shot out from the formation, cutting through the aura vines!
Elder Liu was instantly startled, his brows furrowed tightly, ”You guys aren’t pill masters? Surprisingly, there are still formation masters around?”
He didn’t expect that amongst these pill masters, there were even so many formation masters hidden!
At that time, that Feng Xing didn’t tell that there were Formation Masters ah, he only said that there was another group of Pill Masters in the back!