However, the others were not as calm as Bai Xiushan, especially Gu Wentian followed Su Wenzong and the others, although they knew that Chen Ping was very strong, they did not know Chen Ping’s true identity, so they all looked worried.
“Dad, what are you guys doing here?”
At this time, Su Yuqi followed Gu Ling’er and rushed over, seeing that everyone was waiting outside the villa and not going in, so Su Yuqi asked.
“Chen Ping is still sleeping, everyone is afraid of disturbing him ……”
Su Wenzong explained.
“This Chen Ping, why is his heart so big, such a big deal, and he still has the heart to sleep!”
Su Yuqi said, about to walk into the villa to wake up Chen Ping.
“Miss Su ……” Gu Wentian hurriedly stopped Su Yuqi: “Miss Su, Mr. Chen is having such an important matter today, that’s why he is allowed to sleep more, it’s always good to recuperate… …”
When Su Yuqi heard this, she agreed with this and retreated back.
Just then, Chen Ping yawned and walked out of the villa, when he saw that the crowd was actually waiting for him outside the villa, his whole body just froze, so many people were outside and he had slept so hard without noticing.
“What are you guys doing here so early? Doesn’t it start at noon?”
Chen Ping asked in amazement.
“Mr. Chen, there are already quite a few people in the stadium now, so I think it’s better to get familiar with the venue first ……”
At this time, Bai Xiushan stood out and said.
“Alright, I’ll go and wash up, you guys feel free to sit down ……”
Chen Ping nodded, and after washing up, the group headed towards the stadium in great numbers.
When Chen Ping arrived, his whole body was startled when he saw the black crowd, he didn’t expect so many people to come, some even went thousands of miles to come just to see the duel between Chen Ping and Qin Xiaolin.
At this moment, in one of the stadium’s lounges, Qin Xiaolin was sitting on a reclining chair with his eyes slightly closed, and behind Qin Xiaolin was Qin Xiaotian with a crowd of Qin family members.
“Big brother, don’t be merciful, torture this Chen Ping to death in the ring match fiercely, you don’t know that Xiao Feng and Xiao Gang died miserably ……”
Qin Xiaotian said, and squeezed out a few tears.
“Are you teaching me what to do?” Qin Xiaolin closed his eyes slightly and did not open them as he spoke indifferently.
When Qin Xiaotian heard this, he shook his head in shock: “Big brother, I don’t mean that ……”
Now that Qin Xiaolin had entered the realm of Martial Sect after coming out of seclusion, Qin Xiaotian was even more afraid of him.
“Has there been any news from your second brother? Does the old ancestor still like the gifts we sent this time?”
Qin Xiaolin asked.
“Second brother has come with news, saying that the old ancestor is very happy, now that second brother has entered the clan ancestral hall, our Qin family will finally come out with an immortal too, when the time comes, let second brother teach us the immortality technique, we can marry ten or eight wives and have a bunch of sons, I’ll see who dares to fight against my Qin family in the whole of Kyoto… …”
Qin Xiaotian said with an excited look on his face.
Upon hearing this, Qin Xiaolin’s eyes snapped open and he turned his head to glare fiercely at Qin Xiaotian: “Childish ……”
Qin Xiaotian’s body trembled and he was so scared that he didn’t dare to speak anymore.
Just then, Chen Ping led the crowd to enter the lounge as well, as it was not yet time to take a break in the lounge.
When Qin Xiaotian saw that Chen Ping had entered, he looked at Chen Ping with an angry expression.
That Qin Xiaolin, on the other hand, swept a glance, and when he saw Bai Xiushan and Zhao Wuji following behind Chen Ping, he let out a cold laugh.
“The head of the Bai family, the head of the Kyoto Protector Pavilion, has become someone else’s dog, isn’t this master you’ve found a little too young?”
Qin Xiaolin’s sneer caused Bai Xiushan and Zhao Wuji to instantly burst into flames, and the two of them wanted to rush up and follow Qin Xiaolin in a fight.
However, they kept it under control, after all, Qin Xiaolin’s strength had now reached Martial Sect, even if the two of them joined forces, they were no longer Qin Xiaolin’s opponents, the difference of one big realm could not be made up by quantity.