Chen Ping and the others followed Elder Xia to the place where the Wan Tong Pavilion specialised in selling news!
There were already a lot of people lined up here, and Chen Ping’s appointment for them was going to be in the afternoon, but because of Elder Xia, a few people got in easily!
“Elder Xia, why do you have the time to come over ……”
At this time, an Aptitude Pavilion member asked with some surprise!
“I brought a few friends to inquire about something, is Elder Sun here?”
Elder Xia asked!
“In, right in the back room!”
That Wan Tong Pavilion member nodded and said!
Elder Xia nodded slightly, and then led Chen Ping and the others towards the back, all the way unimpeded, no one dared to stop them!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but feel that it was good to have connections!
Elder Xia brought Chen Ping and the others into a room at the back, only to see a middle-aged man with a slim figure and wearing rough linen clothes, writing something!
Hearing someone come in, the middle-aged man looked up slightly, and then said in surprise “Old Xia, why do you have time to come to my place ah, quickly please sit down……”
The middle-aged man hurriedly got up!
“Old Sun, I have a few friends that came over to inquire about something!”
Elder Xia said!
It was only then that Chen Ping realised that the roughly clothed middle-aged man in front of him was also an Elder of the Wantong Pavilion!
It was important to know that the Wantong Pavilion was rich, and as an Elder of the Wantong Pavilion that would also have a huge amount of money in his pockets, but this skinny middle-aged man in front of him was dressed in rough cloth and linen, and looked like he was very poor!
Elder Sun looked at Chen Ping and Patriarch Jiang and the others, then nodded his head and said “If there is anything you want to ask, feel free to ask, I dare not say in the entire Celestial Realm, but in this entire Southern Region, there is nothing that I do not know.”
“Mr Chen, this is our Wan Tong Pavilion’s Elder Sun who is specifically responsible for collecting information, feel free to ask if you want to know!”
Elder Xia said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded and then asked that Elder Sun “Elder Sun, can you know about the Guanghan Palace?”
“Of course I know, I heard that this Guanghan Palace existed thousands of years ago, but then it disappeared, only in the last half a year did it reappear in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and this Guanghan Palace is all female cultivators.”
Elder Sun replied!
When Chen Ping heard this, his heart was immediately delighted, he had also heard that the Holy Maiden of the Guanghan Palace say that the Guanghan Palace was destroyed by the Demon Race back then, so it seemed that this Elder Sun really knew!
“Elder Sun, I wonder if you can tell me what direction that Guanghan Palace is in, I want to go to Guanghan Palace ……”
Chen Ping asked excitedly!
“You go to the Broad Cold Palace?” Elder Sun sized up Chen Ping, then smiled slightly and said “Are you also admiring the name? Ever since this Guanghan Palace appeared, rumours have been spreading that the female cultivators within the Guanghan Palace look like heavenly fairies, and many young cultivators want to go and catch a glimpse of them in the hope of finding a Dao Couple.”
“In fact, none of them know that the real disciples within the Guanghan Palace are not allowed to couple, only the outer disciples of the Guanghan Palace are allowed to couple, but even if that’s the case, there are quite a few young cultivators who have travelled there.”
“Our Wantong Pavilion has also opened up a shipping route to Guanghan Palace, there will be blimps travelling to the place where Guanghan Palace is located, only that the line is so hot that it has been booked up long ago, if you want to go, I’m afraid that you’ll have to wait for a few days.”
Chen Ping’s entire body froze when he heard Elder Sun’s words, he didn’t expect that in just half a year, the Guanghan Palace had been known by so many people!
However, it was normal to think about it, with so many female cultivators, coupled with the legend that it was as beautiful as Heavenly Fairy, of course there were many cultivators who wanted to go and take a look at it!
The nature of food and colour, even if it was a cultivator in the Celestial Realm, it couldn’t be changed!
This was the nature!
“Elder Sun, since your airships are fully booked, you can tell me the directions and I will just head there myself.”
Chen Ping intended to go to the Guanghan Palace by himself!