And the breath on Chen Ping’s body was slowly disappearing and shriveling!
“Ah ………… how did this happen, this is why ……”
Chen Ping shouted with a pained expression!
He hadn’t even seen his own mother yet, Su Yuqi was still suffering, he hadn’t been rescued yet, and he still didn’t know what his identity really was.
But to die like this?
Chen Ping was resigned, but the breath in his body was fading fast, and finally Chen Ping’s body collapsed with a bang!
He tried to get back up, but found that he did not have a single ounce of strength in his body!
Fan Jiang stepped forward and looked down coldly at Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping was now, as Fan Jiang had said, like a dead dog, at the mercy of others!
“You really do have a lot of treasures on you, looks like I can’t just send you to hell ……”
Fan Jiang said with a cold smile.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, he was still trying desperately, he wanted to stand up!
Although there was no longer a trace of spiritual power in his body, but with the strength of his body itself, Chen Ping still wanted to stand up.
Even if he had to die, he could not die like a dead dog!
But just as Chen Ping’s head was raised, he was stomped down by Fan Jiang.
Poof …………
The half of his body that he had managed to raise fell back heavily again.
“Don’t struggle, it’s useless, you hand over all the treasures on your body now, I can let you choose the most comfortable way to die ……”
Fan Jiang looked down at Chen Ping with a smile full of disdain on his face!
“You’re dreaming ……”
Chen Ping glared viciously at Fan Jiang!
Although he knew he was going to die, Chen Ping would not let Fan Jiang get anything!
“Fine, since you won’t hand it over, then I’ll step on your head ……”
Fan Jiang said, raising his foot and stomping down towards Chen Ping’s head!
But before Fan Jiang’s foot could land, it stopped directly in mid-air!
He felt a strong aura coming from him!
Immediately afterwards, he saw a figure approaching from afar!
He couldn’t see the person walking, but the figure was rapidly approaching!
Fan Jiang’s heart trembled and he pulled his feet back, looking at the person coming with a deadly stare!
The visitor was dressed in a Zhongshan suit, wearing gla*ses, and had a svelte appearance.
However, the aura on his body was extremely strong, and Fan Jiang’s face instantly turned very ugly after seeing the incoming person!
“Mr. Shi …………”
Fan Jiang’s eyes narrowed slightly!
Mr. Shi, on the other hand, didn’t even look at that Fan Jiang, but put his eyes on Chen Ping who was covered in blood!
“This nature of yours, when will you be able to sharpen it to be less impulsive ……”
Mr. Shi said, with a gentle wave of his palm, a soft breeze hit his face, Chen Ping only felt a surge of strength in his body, and he stood up at once!
“Mr. Shi …………”
Chen Ping turned to Mr. Shi with an embarra*sed look on his face!
“You had the chance to escape, why didn’t you escape? Was it just because of a few taunting words?”
“What can a few words do? Before you have absolute strength, holding back is the most important thing you should do.”
“To do something that you know you can’t do is to seek death!”
“Not every time will you be that lucky, and not every time will someone come to your rescue!”
“Do you know how many people are waiting for you? Your life is not your own, there are many others waiting for you.”
“Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Shi’s face was calm, but every word carried an extremely harsh tone!
It was like an elder reprimanding his child!
Chen Ping’s face turned red and white for a while as he was spoken to by Mr. Shi, his head lowered, like a child who had made a mistake!
Fan Jiang was on the sidelines, but Mr. Shi was treating him like air, which made Fan Jiang’s heart burn with anger!
“Surnamed Shi, this Chen Ping I want to kill today, do you want to meddle in the matter?”
Fan Jiang’s face turned red as he shouted at Mr. Shi.