They didn’t expect that the Great Ancestor, who was in the middle of the great hall the entire day, would even know what was on their minds, and if the Great Ancestor were to become angry, then their lineage would be finished!
“Honouring the words of the Great Ancestor, I will truthfully speak to father.”
Ji Yue had a cold sweat on his head and said with a trembling voice!
“Go out ……”
With a wave of the Great Ancestor’s hand, Chen Ping and all of them unexpectedly all left the middle of the great hall in an instant!
Just as Chen Ping and the rest of them left the grand hall, the atmosphere of the Ji family at the moment was already tense to the extreme!
If it wasn’t for the fact that Chen Ping and the others were still in the Ancestral Ground, the two brothers, Ji Lianying and Ji Lian Jun, would have drawn swords against each other long ago!
“Dad, I have already gathered all the sons and daughters that I can, I reckon that Sixth Brother and the others will soon come out from the Ancestral Ground, once they come out, I think that Second Uncle should make his move.”
Ji Cheng followed Ji Lian Jun and said!
“What is the situation on your second uncle’s side?” Ji Lian Jun asked with a slight frown!
“Second Uncle’s side has also gathered manpower a long time ago, and all the people from the Giant Savage Palace have been entertained at Second Uncle’s residence.”
Ji Cheng said!
Ji Lian Jun was silent for a moment, then said “Cheng’er, when your sixth brother and the others come out, you should think of a way to take them away, this time I am afraid that there will be a vicious battle.”
“Your second uncle has colluded with the Giant Barbarian Palace, we are afraid that it will be very difficult to resist, when the Ji family really falls into your second uncle’s hands, you guys should never come back, or go find your third uncle.”
“Dad, I won’t leave, I want to stay with you.”
Ji Cheng shook his head!
“Asshole, what are you doing with me? Waiting to die?”
“Who cares about your sister and the girls?” Ji Lian Jun instantly rebuked angrily!
Ji Cheng lowered his head, not saying anything anymore!
Seeing this, Ji Lian Jun could only sigh and fell into silence!
While in Ji Lianying’s mansion, the Giant Barbarian Palace’s Palace Master, Qin He Tian, was following Ji Lianying to push the cups around!
The people of the Giant Barbarian Palace had been treated with hospitality here for the past two days, making Qin He Tian very happy!
“Palace Master Qin, don’t worry about it, with Prince Qin’s natural talent, coupled with the rich origin aura of our Ji Family’s ancestral land, he will definitely be able to perceive the origin.”
“When that time comes, if Palace Master Qin helps me get the position of the Ji Family’s Family Head, every time our Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground opens in the future, I’ll let Eunuch Qin go in to train, and I’ll never go back on my word.”
Ji Lianying said with a face full of excitement!
“Hahaha, Second Master Ji is so refreshing, then what else can I say, I will definitely go all out and help Second Master Ji fight for the position of Family Head.”
Qin Hetian laughed out loud!
“Dad, it’s out, the person who entered the ancestral land has come out ……”
Just then, Qin Jingyun ran in and said!
“Came out so quickly?”
Qin Hetian froze!
“Go, let’s go and take a look ……” Ji Lianying hurriedly put down the wine glass in his hand!
At this moment, in front of the Ji family’s ancestral land, Chen Ping and the rest of them had all come out, only that Qin Jingyu was missing!
Ji Lianjun got the news and rushed over with his men at the first time!
When Ji Lian Jun saw that Ji Meiyan and Chen Ping were amongst the group, he instantly understood why Ji Meiyan and Chen Ping were suddenly nowhere to be found!
The two must have sneaked into the Ancestral Ground, but Ji Lian Jun was a little puzzled, the Ancestral Ground was guarded by the Great Ancestor, so how did Chen Ping enter!
However, now was not the time to think about that, since they had all come out of the ancestral land, the crisis of the Ji family had begun!
“Dad, big brother, my big sister opened the Origin Space and sensed the Origin.”
“Even the Great Ancestor praised my big sister, my big sister is now the number one person in the Ji Family!”
After seeing Ji Lianjun and Ji Cheng, Ji Meiling excitedly ran over and said!
“What?”
Ji Lianjun and Ji Cheng were all stunned, their faces full of incredulity!
“Meiyan, is what your sister said true?” Jilian Jun asked to Ji Meiyan!
Ji Meiyan nodded, and then with a wave of her palm, an Origin Breath instantly cut across the sky, condensing into a golden armoured war wolf in mid-air!