“Miss Lin is right, even if someone enters, it’s impossible to find all the treasures, so don’t be discouraged.
**Also encouraging the crowd!
“Yes, let’s not get discouraged, we’re here now, we have to search!”
Some people agreed with ** and Lin Keting!
Soon the crowd’s fighting spirit was restored, the group stepped into the snow, stepped into the vast snowfield!
Power! Because of the lack of spiritual power, the people in the snow walk very slowly, and eat very much!
But for the **, but not the slightest effect.
The cold wind, so many people shivering, the hall of the Cultivator’s Realm, but did not manage to withstand the cold, said that no one will believe it, but here it is.
They have become ordinary people, relying only on body heat and clothing, against the cold wind, it is very difficult.
Even Zhu Qingxiu, that Mahayana realm cultivator, is also hugging his chest at this moment, his body slightly trembling.
“Put it on …………….”
**He took off his jacket and handed it to Zhu Qingxiu.
Even after taking off his clothes, **’s physical body was still able to withstand the cold.
Zhu Qingxiu looked into **’s eyes, did not refuse, but took the clothes and put them on.
“Can’t see, you’re quite compassionate, I’m also a girl, why don’t you let me wear it?”
Lin Ke Ting went to **’s side and asked jokingly.
** looked at Lin Ke Ting, a slight smile: “You and not cold, if you are cold, I can put the trousers for you to wear.”
** said, actually really want to take off the trousers.
It’s just. ** Slight smile, of course he can not really take off his trousers, just teasing that Lin Keting!
“Stop, who wears your trousers ah, if the face of the girls to take off their trousers, shameless!” Lin Ke Ting white ** eyes, turned around and accelerated the speed!
This Lin Keting’s strength is very strong, and behind the power is also very terrible, but she is a person like white paper, obviously is very little in the social experience.
After walking for a while, several deafening sounds rang out from the top of her head.
**Looking up, she saw two large birds hovering in the sky, both with white feathers, but the tops of their heads were actually blood red.
Their cries sounded a little scary and harsh, very hard to hear.
Seeing these two birds made many people nervous.
If these two birds attacked them, it would be dangerous, and now that they were all ordinary people, how could they deal with these two big birds?
“Don’t be too nervous, this is the White Feathered Crow, if we don’t provoke them, they won’t take the initiative.
They won’t take the initiative to attack.”
“And this White Feathered Crow is very close to humans, just give them some food.” Lin Keting said.
**Looking at Lin Ke Ting, full of doubt, do not understand how this Lin Ke Ting will know so many things about the Divine and Demonic Battlefield?
Combined with the footprints just now, someone has come here before, could it be that this Lin Ke Ting has been here before? But if she’s been here before, why would she come back?
**Some were surprised, but at that time Lin Keting took out a spirit stone and threw it with force, the two white feathered crows screamed and scrambled up, and then a white feathered crow swallowed the spirit stone in one mouth.
Continue. Soon, Lin Keting stopped throwing the spirit stone in the air and threw it directly onto the snow.
“This kind of bird actually eats spirit stones?”
** was very surprised!
Lin Keting ignored ** and continued throwing Spirit Stones into the air.
The two White Feathered Crows hovered over Lin Keting’s head, shouting excitedly.
The two White Feathered Crows also flickered their wings and landed before pecking at the ground.
Lin Ke Ting slowly stepped forward and gently stroked the White Feathered Crow’s feathers, surprisingly, the White Feathered Crow did not dodge, in fact, it came very close to the humans.
**Seeing this, she wanted to touch the white-feathered crow as well.
“Don’t touch it, you have to feed it Spirit Stones before touching it, otherwise it will see you as an attacker.”
Lin Keting reminded **.