“We don’t seem to know each other, do we?” Chen Ping asked the old man.
“We didn’t, but now we do, don’t we?” the old man replied with a smile.
Chen Ping was speechless. He didn’t even know the old man’s name, nor did the old man know his, so how could this count as knowing each other?
“Sorry, I’m about to cultivate and don’t wish to be disturbed.”
Chen Ping, displeased, issued a polite eviction.
But the old man didn’t leave, instead plopping himself onto Chen Ping’s bed.
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed, and he grew wary, ready to summon his Dragon-Slaying Sword at any moment.
“No need to be nervous, I won’t harm you. Besides, I know you’re all human cultivators!”
The old man gave a slight smile.
Chen Ping’s eyes locked onto the old man, and he secretly set up an array, sealing the entire room.
Since the old man knew their human identities, Chen Ping couldn’t let him leave.
The old man noticed but said nothing, continuing to smile, “I told you, no need to be tense. If I knew you were human and didn’t report you, it proves I mean no harm.”
“And I also know you were brought here from the Celestial Realm by the Great Dao…”
The old man’s words left Chen Ping even more puzzled. He couldn’t fathom how the old man knew this, especially since Chen Ping carried the aura of the beast clan, making it impossible to detect otherwise.
And how did he know Chen Ping came from the Celestial Realm?
As Chen Ping pondered, the smile on the old man’s face vanished, and he suddenly reached out, seizing Chen Ping’s neck!
The old man’s speed was so swift that Chen Ping had no time to dodge.
“You… what are you doing?” Chen Ping asked, baffled by the old man’s sudden attack.
“Tell me, why do you carry the bloodline aura of my clan?”
The old man questioned Chen Ping.
“Your clan’s bloodline aura? What clan are you from?” Chen Ping asked, confused.
“I’ll be honest with you, I too am a cultivator from the Celestial Realm, brought here by the Great Dao centuries ago.”
“I sensed the bloodline aura in your body and knew you must be from the Celestial Realm, but I don’t recall anyone like you in our clan!”
The old man said coldly!
“Senior, are you a beast clan member brought from the Celestial Realm?” Chen Ping, held by the throat, began addressing him respectfully.
“Nonsense, if I weren’t from the beast clan, how could I live in Rhino City?” the old man retorted.
“Then, Senior, may I ask which beast clan you belong to? It might help me recall.”
Chen Ping didn’t know why he carried the bloodline the old man spoke of, so he had to clarify.
“Back in the Celestial Realm, I was the Fox Emperor,” the old man declared!
At the mention of “Fox Emperor,” Chen Ping instantly thought of the Fox Empress, Bai Qian.
They had dual-cultivated numerous times and even fused their bloodlines, so Bai Qian also carried Chen Ping’s bloodline!
“Senior, may I ask who Bai Qian is to you?” Chen Ping inquired.
“She’s my daughter…” the old man replied!
Chen Ping was utterly shocked. He hadn’t expected that, after being brought to the Heavenly Realm by the Great Dao, he’d encounter his father-in-law.
He’d never heard Bai Qian mention this, but in this unfamiliar place, having a familiar face was comforting.
Having many women sure has its perks, father-in-laws everywhere…
Chen Ping dropped to his knees with a thud, startling the old man.
“What are you doing?”
The old man asked in shock.
“Father-in-law, please accept your son-in-law’s respects…” Chen Ping kowtowed heavily several times.
The old man looked at Chen Ping in astonishment, “What do you mean? Have you already… with my daughter?”
Chen Ping nodded, “Bai Qian and I have dual-cultivated, so we carry each other’s bloodline aura…”
“Are you telling the truth?” the old man asked, sceptical.
“Father-in-law, I wouldn’t dare lie.”
Chen Ping then recounted everything about Bai Qian in detail to the old man.