City Lord Sun didn’t notice that at this moment, Protector Gong’s cold sweat was coming out!
“What kind of person is this, to say that I am a demonic cultivator, are you kidding ……”
Gong protector forced the panic in his heart and grinned!
“It was brought by one of my brothers, I heard that I followed that Boss Cai in a team, exactly what identity, I didn’t ask.”
City Lord Sun said casually!
When Protector Gong heard this, he instantly froze, followed by a somewhat grave expression “Is this young man’s surname Chen?”
City Lord Sun nodded “Yes, I heard that Boss Cai address him as Mr Chen ……”
“Oops, this guy is Chen Ping, the person I asked City Lord Sun to help me capture.”
Protector Gong hurriedly said!
“What? That’s him?”
Sun City Lord was baffled “I see that young man is only at the Harmonisation realm cultivation, and his medical skills are not very good, how could Apothecary Gong have a grudge against him?”
City Lord Sun couldn’t figure out how a senior pharmacist like Protector Gong would have a grudge against Chen Ping’s kind of unimpressive following him!
“City Lord Sun, don’t ask too many questions, help me capture that Chen Ping immediately, I will definitely cure Miss Sun’s illness.”
Protector Gong said with some excitement!
“Alright, I’ll bring someone over, they live next door!”
City Lord Sun nodded!
Soon after, City Lord Sun brought people to Old Jia’s courtyard, while Protector Gong waited with a happy face!
As long as Chen Ping was captured, he would directly take Chen Ping away!
As for the poison in that Sun Xiaoyun’s body, he wouldn’t care!
“Second brother, why have you suddenly come to my place?”
Seeing that City Lord Sun had brought someone to his courtyard, Old Jia looked very strange!
Although the two families were close, Sun City Lord rarely came to this courtyard!
“Big brother, let me ask you, the young pharmacist you brought there yesterday, is his name Chen Ping?”
City Lord Sun asked to Old Jia!
“Yes, it is called Chen Ping, I heard him say it himself yesterday!”
Old Jia nodded!
r> “That’s good, I’m here to arrest him, where does he live?” Sun City Lord said.
“In the innermost room of the east wing.”
Old Jia said!
The Sun City Lord and his men then hurriedly walked over.
At this time, Chen Ping was cultivating, although there was very little Immortal Qi inside the courtyard, it was better than nothing, Chen Ping could consolidate his realm!
City Lord Sun led the people to Chen Ping’s room and was about to push the door in!
“Who are you people? How can you trespass into someone’s room?”
At this moment, Fire Phoenix followed by Ji Yun saw it and immediately rushed over, blocking the front of the room!
They didn’t know what kind of person this Sun City Lord was, so of course they wouldn’t let him rush into Chen Ping’s room!
As soon as Fire Phoenix followed Ji Yun and yelled, everyone else came out from inside the room as well!
When Cai Hongwei saw that it was City Lord Sun who had brought people, he felt very surprised!
“City Lord Sun, what are you doing?”
Cai Hongwei went forward and asked!
“I’m here to arrest that Chen Ping, is he inside this room?”
City Lord Sun said!
Cai Hongwei froze, his face full of confusion “City Lord Sun, why are you arresting Chen? Did something happen?”
“Don’t ask any more questions, get out of my way or don’t blame me for not being polite!”
City Lord Sun said with an icy face!
Seeing this, Cai Hongwei hurriedly looked at Old Jia, hoping that Old Jia would say something, but Old Jia pretended not to see!
Since City Lord Sun was raising an army to arrest Chen Ping, there must be a reason for it, of course Old Jia would not care!
Seeing that the crowd was still blocking in front of him, City Lord Sun’s body slightly shook, and a wave of air rolled over, blowing everyone in front of him to the ground!
“Hmph, not self-importance ……”
Sun City Lord snorted coldly and was about to push his way in!
“Wait, no one is allowed to take Mr Chen away ……”
Elder Miao came from more than just where, directly blocking in front of that Sun City Lord!
Elder Miao’s life was saved by Chen Ping, so Elder Miao would not sit back and watch!