Thinking of this, Chen Ping stopped with a clench of his teeth!
Chen Ping had just stopped, when he immediately felt a strange sensation within his body, followed by a pain that came from a distance!
Chen Ping felt as if his soul was being stripped away little by little!
Seeing Chen Ping’s hideous expression, Elder Miao and the others wanted to come forward to help!
“Don’t come over, quickly get away from here, there are poisonous insects here ……”
Chen Ping reminded loudly!
When Elder Miao and the others heard this, they were so scared that they didn’t dare to be in close proximity and could only retreat backwards!
Those Golden Silkworm Compass Poison all entered Chen Ping’s body, and then in Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, they desperately ate away at Chen Ping’s Divine Soul!
Chen Ping had already been sweating profusely at this moment, for these poisonous insects that had entered the sea of consciousness, Chen Ping was helpless and could only watch these Golden Silkworm Compass Poison eat away at his soul!
Ochre Yan on the side looked very anxious, but could not help at all, he himself is left with this wisp of life soul, if he let those Golden Silkworm Compass Poison see him, surely will directly eat him!
Elder Miao and the others were also very anxious, looking at Chen Ping’s hideous appearance, they didn’t know what exactly Chen Ping had encountered!
At this moment, Chen Ping only felt that the sky was spinning and his mind was a little unclear!
Seeing Chen Ping in a little bit of loss of consciousness, suddenly in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, a golden light flashed up, it was the golden light emanating from the Dala Golden Dictionary, and then those golden silkworm parasites instantly stopped, and then desperately wanted to escape from Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
But the golden light was getting stronger and stronger, and finally all the golden silkworm parasites were slowly dissipating under the golden light!
When all the Golden Silkworm Compulsion poison disappeared, Chen Ping’s pain disappeared, and in the place where those Golden Silkworm Compulsion poison had just been, a silkworm chrysalis appeared!
Chen Ping was very curious, how did these Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison suddenly disappear and a silkworm chrysalis appeared?
Under Chen Ping’s gaze, the silkworm pupa slowly wriggled and finally broke its shell and emerged a Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison Larva!
This Golden Silkworm Compassion Poison Larva looked a little peculiar, its whole body was even golden in colour, it looked a little cute, there was no way to associate it with a poisonous insect!
“Mr Chen, this Golden Silkworm Compound Poison Larva is so special, could it be the Golden Silkworm Compound Poison’s King Insect, if it is, then it would be a fortune.”
“There are very few Golden Silkworm Compound Poison nowadays, if we can get a king worm, after raising it, it can become Mr Chen’s right hand ah.”
Ochre Yan said with some excitement!
Chen Ping also did not know if this was the king worm of the Golden Silkworm Compass Poison, but since such a Golden Silkworm Compass Poison larva had suddenly appeared, Chen Ping then raised it!
This Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison was also really powerful, Chen Ping himself was at his wits’ end, if not for the fact that he had the Great Luo Golden Code in his sea of consciousness, he was afraid that he would end up being eaten out of his divine soul and become a sentence of a shell!
“Then you keep it well, if it sucks blood, then let it suck, it’s just this one, it can’t suck much!”
Chen Ping surprisingly gave this Golden Silkworm Compass Poison Larva, to Ochre Yan!
Ochre Yan was also very happy, this time he finally had a companion, even if it was just a worm!
“Little brother, are you alright?”
Elder Miao cautiously approached over and asked Chen Ping!
“It’s fine.” Chen Ping shook his head, then asked “Elder Miao, where are those demonic cultivators?”
“Ran away, these guys are familiar with this place, we weren’t able to catch up.”
Elder Miao said with a sigh!
After all, these demonic cultivators had been in this Chilian Mountain Range for many years, they were already familiar with this place, and it was the first time for many of them to enter this place, so of course it was impossible for them to catch up.
“Just run, after this time, they probably won’t dare to make a bad move, let’s quickly go and check on Boss Cai and the others.”
Chen Ping led Old Man Miao and the others to look for Cai Hongwei and the others.
At this time, Cai Hongwei and the others were behind a hidden boulder, that Apothecary Chen was refining pills to heal Cai Hongwei’s injuries!
Miao Miao looked around nervously, her eyes full of worry, she was afraid that something might happen to her grandfather.