Chen Ping, all refreshed, was directly startled when he opened the door and walked out of the room.
It turned out that Hu Ma Zi was actually standing at the door.
“What are you doing here? You haven’t been listening all night, have you?”
Chen Ping asked with a surprised look on his face!
“I don’t have that kind of leisure time, if I listened to it all night, I’d still be P*ssed off, you’re a really fit kid.”
Hu Pazi gave Chen Ping an envious glance, then continued, “Long Xingxu is looking for you, he asked me to come and shout at you, he was afraid of disturbing your beautiful business.”
Chen Ping followed Hu Puzi to the front hall, and just as Chen Ping followed Hu Puzi, Long Ruotong brought someone to the room!
Looking at the few girls who were limp on the bed one by one, Long Ruotong was surprised, she didn’t expect Chen Ping to be so brave either!
She didn’t expect Chen Ping to be so brave, so she hurriedly ordered someone to wait on Ji Ruxue, who was now so precious that she didn’t know which one of them had Chen Ping’s baby in her belly!
At that moment, Chen Ping followed Hu Ma Zi to the front hall, and just as he walked in, Chen Ping froze!
Because he saw Yu Qian sitting at the side, seemingly waiting for him!
“Brother Chen Ping, this man called Yu Qian has come to see you again ……”
When Long Xingxu saw Chen Ping, he hurriedly went forward and said!
When Yu Qian saw Chen Ping coming, he also got up and nodded slightly towards Chen Ping and said “Chen Ping, long time no see, how are you doing ……”
Chen Ping laughed coldly and said, “You are the Lord of the Yu Clan of the Heavenly Clan and the purple-robed emissary of the Demon Heart Sect, why do you have time to come to the secular world to look for me? Seeing you like this, it’s painful to resist the laws of heaven and earth, right?”
At this moment, Yu Qian’s face was a bit unpleasant, and his aura was also very disordered, so Chen Ping knew that this was caused by Yu Qian being suppressed by the Heavenly Dao Laws!
Yu Qian let out a bitter smile, then looked at Long Xing Xu and Hu Ma Zi and said after Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, can I talk to you alone?”
Chen Ping glanced at Yu Qian, and then said to Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu, “You two should go out first ……”
“Chen Ping, they are from the secret realm, and they are also from the Demon Heart Sect, it will be dangerous for you to be alone with him ……”
Hu Ma Zi reminded Chen Ping.
But who knows Chen Ping sneered and said “In the secular realm, suppressed by the laws of heaven and earth, if he wants to touch me, he doesn’t have that ability yet ……”
Chen Ping had a confident face, with his current strength, even in the secret realm, he was not afraid of this Yu Qian, let alone now in the secular world, Yu Qian is suppressed by the laws of heaven and earth, Chen Ping believed that Yu Qian could not pose a threat to himself at all!
Yu Qian looked at Chen Ping’s face of confidence, helplessly said “He is right, here I want to make a move on him, I am afraid that I have the heart but not the strength ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get rid of the problem.
“Your several secret realms are now empty, did you come to me because of this matter?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Yu Qian.
“You know all about it?” Yu Qian was slightly stunned, but then said, “The people from our several great secret realms have all gone to the Demon Heart Sect secret realm, and I have come to you for this matter indeed ……”
“I want to find you to cooperate and deal with the Demon Heart Sect together ……”
“Cooperation?” Chen Ping looked shocked and looked at Yu Qian incredulously!
How could he have ever thought that Yu Qian was looking for himself to cooperate, knowing that Yu Qian and the others were purple-robed emissaries of the Demon Heart Sect, the core of the Demon Heart Sect!
“That’s right, those who have sought your cooperation, and not just myself, but the six remaining purple-robed emissaries of ours, have jointly sought your cooperation.”
Yu Qian said!
“Why did you seek my cooperation? Tell me ……”
Chen Ping was daringly interested in Yu Qian’s proposed collaboration!
If he could really follow Yu Qian and his team, then it would be a little easier for Chen Ping to deal with the Demon Heart Sect!
Although Chen Ping’s strength had increased considerably, he still lacked the strength to deal with the Demon Heart Sect!
Not to mention whether he could defeat that great power, even if these six purple-robed emissaries joined forces, Chen Ping was afraid that he would have no chance of winning!
And now if he could follow them and work together to deal with the Demon Heart Sect’s great power, it would be perfect ……