“Hmph, what’s wrong with you knowing our identities, let me tell you, don’t think that if you break the formations inside the cabin, you’ll be safe, the entire spirit boat has been laid down by us.”
“None of you will be able to escape this spirit boat, when our Patriarch comes, he will arrest all of you!”
After Elder Liu finished speaking, he led his men to instantly rush out of the cabin and above the deck!
Chen Ping and the others also followed and rushed out, but just as they landed on top of the deck, a huge restraining force made everyone unable to move!
That Elder Liu and the others, however, were able to move freely and were not affected at all.
“Hahaha, you guys can’t escape me!”
Elder Liu laughed out loud!
“Is that so?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly and walked directly towards that Elder Liu!
Seeing that Chen Ping was still able to move, Elder Liu’s pupils shrunk violently, very surprised, the formations on this entire Spirit Boat were personally laid down by their Patriarch!
Moreover, it was still using the Zhentian Dharma Sect’s Unspeakable Secret Technique, how could Chen Ping not be affected at all?
Elder Liu once again urged his spiritual power, causing the formation to enhance!
However, Chen Ping was still walking slowly towards Elder Liu, not affected at all!
“That’s not right, even if you know the Divine Patterns, you have to break the formation, you haven’t broken the formation, so how can you be unaffected?”
Elder Liu was confused!
Equally dumbfounded were the others from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, who had never seen this before either!
“Are you trying to say that this is your Zhan Tian Dharma Sect’s secret technique, how could it not control me?”
“Let me tell you, that Wang Qingshi also used your Zhan Tian Dharma Sect’s so-called secret method, and he still wasn’t still beaten by me and called out to his father.”
“This so-called secret method of yours is a joke in my eyes!”
Chen Ping smiled coldly and suddenly raised his hand!
Boom!
At this moment, the scene suddenly changed, and the suppressive power for everyone instantly disappeared.
However, for these people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, a terrifying suppressive force was constantly coming!
Elder Liu and the others .They were shocked and instinctively wanted to leave the Spirit Boat, but the huge suppression force prevented them from flying at all, and there were even disciples of the Zhentian Dharma Sect who were directly crushed to the ground by this suppression force!
Chen Wenliang and the others who saw this scene were all shocked, although they knew that Chen Ping was bullish, this shock after shock still shook their hearts!
“Elder Liu, what …… is going on here?”
That young man asked Elder Liu with a face full of confusion!
“This Chen Ping is clearly only at the sixth level of the Ferrying Realm cultivation, how come his array attainments are so high, it’s really strange!”
Elder Liu also did not understand how exactly Chen Ping did it!
With a casual raise of his hand, he had actually made the formation change!
Elder Liu desperately wanted to seize control of the formation, it was clearly their Zhan Tian Fa Sect’s secret method, it was clearly their spirit boat, but now it had become Chen Ping’s control!
“Elder Liu, let’s shut down all the formations on the spirit boat, otherwise it’s over!”
The young man said!
They had wanted to rely on the formations to control these pill masters, but now the formations on the spirit boat had unexpectedly failed, not only had they failed, but instead they were exerting pressure on their own people, all had to be shut down to make it work!
“Shutting down all the formations, this spirit boat is afraid that it won’t be able to withstand the ravages of the waves!”
Elder Liu was a little hesitant.
After all, it wasn’t easy for them to build a spirit boat for the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, this vast ocean may seem calm, but if there were no formations to protect it, the spirit boat would easily be destroyed by the dark waves!
“Elder Liu, it’s come to this, if we don’t close the formation, we’re afraid we’ll all die.”
The young man anxiously urged!
Seeing this, Elder Liu could only pull out a dark token from his body, and with a gentle press, the black token instantly emitted a black light!
The formations on the spirit boat all disappeared instantly, and all these people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect were left without the power to suppress them!
Only without the formations, the spirit boat instantly shook!