This was his secret, he had never told anyone about it at all. In the eyes of outsiders, he had a beautiful family with a harmonious husband and wife, only he himself knew that when it came to night, he was in deep pain!
Now that Chen Ping had hit the sore spot, this made the interviewer burst into a rage and the veins on his forehead bulged!
“You’re talking nonsense, you don’t have the ability to be a man, I have a wife, I have children, my family is very happy ……”
The interviewer growled loudly, deliberately putting extra weight on the children as a way to refute Chen Ping and prove that he was talking nonsense!
Chen Ping laughed: “Even if you have a child, it is not your own, either you picked it up or your daughter-in-law had it with someone else, because your problem fell from childhood, and it was also due to an accident, caused by an external force that made you lose your ability to be a man!”
Boom …………
Just as Chen Ping finished his words, that interviewer viciously slapped the table and stood up, looking angrily at Chen Ping and said, “You kid investigating me?”
This interviewer had indeed lost his manhood because he had been kicked in the crotch by a donkey as a child, and had simply picked up a child after getting married.
These things, apart from those people in his old family who knew about it, no one in Hongcheng would even know about it, and he had purposely stayed away from his old family for this reason, but to his surprise, Chen Ping had directly told him about it!
“You’re not worthy of my investigation yet!” Chen Ping laughed coldly!
But that interviewer’s words were also side evidence that what Chen Ping had said was true, which at once made several colleagues at the scene look at that interviewer with strange eyes!
The interviewer also seemed to feel that he had said the wrong thing, and immediately became irritated and rushed towards Chen Ping!
Seeing that the interview was about to turn into a fight, Cui Zhiyuan could only shout angrily, “Enough, sit back down ……”
The interviewer could only give Chen Ping a fierce glare and then sat back down!
Cui Zhiyuan only wanted his men to humiliate Chen Ping and then just tell him that he was unsuitable, but he didn’t expect things to turn out this way, which made Cui Zhiyuan a little angry in his heart!
“Kid, you’re not suitable to work in our company, you don’t even want to show us the door with this status, better get lost and don’t come back in the future ……”
Another interviewer saw that Cui Zhiyuan’s face was a bit angry and immediately reprimanded Chen Ping!
“Such a sizeable company, to have employees like you, it’s really time to rectify things ……”
Chen Ping sneered and got up to walk out, he didn’t really want to work here!
But just as Chen Ping got up and was about to walk out the door, suddenly a tall young man, wearing a suit and with a cold face walked in!
The youth carried a bit of authority on his body and swept a glance at Chen Ping as soon as he entered the door!
Chen Ping also looked at the youth, and then prepared to leave!
But who knew that the youth would stop him, “Are you Chen Ping?”
Chen Ping looked at the youth in confusion and nodded slightly, he didn’t know the man in front of him!
But if Chen Ping’s parents were there, they would definitely know him, it was the man in front of him who had gone to Pan Long Bay Villa and driven Chen Ping’s parents away!
“Mr. Xing …………”
After seeing this youth, Cui Zhiyuan immediately fawned and ran over, before explaining, “This man is called Chen Ping, he came over to apply for a job, and because he didn’t meet our company’s conditions, we rejected him ……”
“Keep him ……”
After the young man said that, he gave Chen Ping another look before turning around and about to leave!
“Mr. Xing, he …… is a reformed laborer who just got out of jail ……”
Cui Zhiyuan called out to the youth and said.
That youth slowly turned around, his eyes full of coldness looking at Cui Zhiyuan: “Are you teaching me to do something?”
This startled that Cui Zhiyuan and shook his head repeatedly, “I don’t dare, I don’t dare ……”