Peng Wu’s face was very ugly, but he didn’t want to give up his position as Sect Master so easily!
‘Master Bai, this person is so young, I’m afraid it’s difficult to take on a big role ah, the Two Element Sect has been developing for so many years, I don’t have the credit but also have the hard work, a word to let me give up the position of the Sect Master, I’m afraid that there will be brothers who won’t be convinced.’
‘Want me to give up the position of Sect Master is fine, as long as this kid’s formation art exceeds mine, I will immediately let the position of Sect Master.’
Peng Wu said in a very unconvincing manner.
Although the Old Ancestor had spoken and this Sect Master position would most likely be untenable, he still had to fight for it!
Seeing that Chen Ping was so young and was only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm strength, Peng Wu decided to compete with Chen Ping!
As long as Chen Ping lost, let’s see how he still had the nerve to be this Sect Master!
When White Chicory heard this, he then looked at Chen Ping and said, ‘Senior brother, he wants to compete with you in formation, what do you mean?’
‘Doesn’t matter!’ Chen Ping smiled indifferently!
Peng Wu who was on the side was directly confused, White Chicory actually followed Chen Ping and shouted senior brother?
That meant that the Divine Ripple Ancestor was Chen Ping’s disciple?
But in all these years, he had not heard that the Divine Pattern Ancestor had taken on another disciple?
‘Since you want to compare, then let’s compare, as for how to compare, you decide!’
White Chicory said to Peng Wu!
With regards to Chen Ping’s array strength, Bai Chicory had a hundred assurances!
Being able to quickly condense the innate divine pattern, he had also learnt so many divine patterns!
How could someone who had even condensed the Demon Patterns be afraid of a tiny Peng Wu?
If they were truly to compare the art of formations, White Chicory was afraid that he would not be Chen Ping’s opponent!
‘Alright, in order to avoid causing harm, we will only compete in breaking formations.’
‘We’ll cast three formations on each other and let the other party break them, if whoever breaks the other party’s formation first, they will win.’
Peng Wu said!
‘No problem!’ Chen Ping nodded!
‘Then let’s go to the martial arts arena to perform ……’
Peng Wu led Chen Ping as they headed to the martial arts arena!
Everyone else also followed.
Only then did Gu Tianzhao have the opportunity to quietly approach Chen Ping!
‘Mr Chen, what’s going on here? Why did you suddenly come to be the Sect Master, or was it arranged by the Divine Ripple Ancestor?’
Gu Tianzhao asked in confusion!
One must know that Chen Ping had come to help him become the Sect Master, and now Chen Ping himself was actually going to become it, this was somewhat unreasonable ah!
‘I am also unwilling to be this whatsoever Sect Master, there is really no way, your old ancestors forced me to do it.’
‘But don’t worry, when I become the Sect Master, I will immediately appoint you as the Vice Alliance Master, when I leave the Two Yi Sect, you, the Vice Alliance Master, will be in charge of everything.’
Chen Ping patted Gu Tianzhao’s shoulder and said!
When Gu Tianzhao heard this, he looked at Chen Ping with some disbelief, he had never heard of a Divine Ripple Ancestor forcing a person to be the Two Yi Sect’s Sect Master!
However, looking at Chen Ping’s appearance, it didn’t seem like he was lying, and it was also White Chicory who personally brought Chen Ping here, so it shouldn’t be fake!
‘Mr Chen, could it be that you have really become the disciple of the Divine Ripple Ancestor?’
Gu Tianzhao asked curiously!
‘He did want to take me as his disciple and teach me to carve divine patterns, it’s just that I didn’t agree.’
‘I’ve learnt the Divine Patterns, what’s the point of worshipping a master!’
Chen Ping said indifferently!
‘You have learnt the Divine Patterns?’ Listening to Chen Ping’s words, Gu Tianzhao almost didn’t die of anger!
What kind of Versailles speech is this?
One must know that for people from the Two Yi Sect to learn Divine Patterns, they had to reach the status of a Sect Master, and a Divine Pattern would take decades to learn, and they might not even be able to learn it!
Chen Ping has only been here for a few days?
He’s learnt all the Divine Patterns?
Gu Tianzhao could not believe it even if he died, this was a bit too outrageous!
And how many people want to beg the divine pattern ancestor to accept the disciple, the divine pattern ancestor simply do not agree, even if it is the two Yi Sect Sect Master, is only a little bit higher status, is not qualified to be the divine pattern ancestor’s disciple!