“With you, if you were to fight alone, you would not necessarily be a match for me.”
Chen Ping exclaimed to Ning Hai.
Chen Ping might not even be a match if he had to deal with Ning Hai alone, and if Ning Hai brought those experts together, Chen Ping was afraid that he would have no power to fight back.
“Arrogant!” Ning Hai’s eyes stared, then waved his hand, “You all stand down, no one is allowed to move without my order ……”
Ning Hai screened off his men.
On the other hand, Chen Ping looked at Ji Ruxue, “Miss Ji, take Xiao Min and the Red Lotus Palace disciples and quickly withdraw back to the palace, don’t come any closer.”
“Mr. Chen, this man is a Martial Marquis, I’m afraid ……”
Ji Ru Xue could sense that Ning Hai’s aura was that of a Martial Marquis, and she was afraid that Chen Ping would not be a match at all.
“Don’t worry, that Fei Qingping is also a Martial Marquis, but he was still killed by me just the same.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “This kind of fight, even if you guys help first, you won’t be able to help at all and lose your lives for nothing, no matter what happens later, none of you are allowed to go forward.”
“Or else you won’t be able to help me, instead you’ll distract me and help in reverse ……”
Ji Ruxue also understood that this kind of fight between martial lords, a strength like theirs had no ability to interfere.
“Mm, you take care of yourself ……”
Ji Ru Xue nodded her head.
Soon, Ji Ru Xue led the others to retreat hundreds of meters backwards as well, directly into the Red Lotus Palace.
At this moment, only Chen Ping and Ning Hai were left facing each other.
“Kid, I know you’re using a provocative tactic to deliberately make me fight you in single combat, but in front of absolute strength, all kinds of schemes are futile.”
As Ning Hai finished speaking, a terrifying aura instantly rushed out from his body.
Immediately afterwards a stream of powerful qi was like a flying knife, rushing directly towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping frowned, he did not expect this Ning Hai’s speed to be so fast, while going unprepared to strike.
Brush brush brush …………
In an instant, countless powerful qi left traces of wounds on Chen Ping’s body!
Fortunately, Chen Ping’s physical body was also strong enough, so he did not hurt his tendons and bones.
Without having time to think more, Chen Ping’s body radiated golden light, a golden scale grew, and the Unbreakable Golden Body was brought into play by Chen Ping.
The next second, Ning Hai slapped his palm over, straight at Chen Ping’s head, this palm was going to kill Chen Ping!
Chen Ping faced Ning Hai, not daring to be the least bit slow.
The aura that erupted from Ning Hai’s body alone was enough to crush Chen Ping to the point where he couldn’t breathe.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and directly swung out his Holy Light Fist.
Golden light exploded, piercing through the void as the dazzling golden light ruthlessly smashed into Ning Hai’s incoming palm.
Boom!
Like a nuclear explosion, a deafening sound rang out, followed by a wave of Qi visible to the naked eye sweeping in all directions!
Chen Ping’s body hurriedly retreated backwards, the power of Ning Hai was not enough for Chen Ping to resist.
A crater of more than ten metres was left on the spot, and Ning Hai did not move at all.
Chen Ping’s eyes were narrowed and he had mixed feelings inside, knowing that he had no chance of winning against Ning Hai.
Ning Hai’s strength was too strong, it was simply not something that he, a half-step Martial Marquis, could match.
“No wonder you were able to destroy the Ning family and injure my son, you really do have some skills, there really aren’t many of the younger generation as strong as you.”
“It’s just a pity that you’re going to die soon, there’s going to be one less genius in the world, who don’t you want to mess with, you want to mess with my Ning Family ……”
After Ning Hai finished speaking, he did not give Chen Ping a chance to catch his breath as a huge palm slapped towards Chen Ping with the force of a mountain overturning the sea.
The power contained in Ning Hai’s move was greater than that of a bomb.
Moreover, Ning Hai was extremely fast, seeing only a streak of shadow flickering away, and then appearing in front of Chen Ping.