“Fellow Daoist Chen, if there’s anything, just say it!”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“I hope that after returning to the Central Domain, President Chen can take care of the Jade Tripod Sect, how can I say that now that Ruyan and also Nie Heng have joined the Central Domain Pharmacist Association.”
Chen Ping hoped that in the medicine world, Chen Wenliang could take care of the Jade Tripod Sect!
It was impossible for Chen Ping to follow Ruyan Liu all day long, and it was even more impossible for him to stay in the Jade Tripod Sect for a long time, so it was still necessary for someone to take care of the Jade Tripod Sect in the medicine world!
Chen Wenliang glanced at Liu Ruyan, then assured Chen Ping, “Don’t worry, Fellow Daoist Chen, now that the Northern Region Pharmacist Association is in a state of virtual non-existence, I will definitely join forces with the various presidents and recommend Miss Liu to become the President of the Northern Region Pharmacist Association.”
“At that time, I, Chen Wenliang, will be the guarantor, and anyone who is not convinced can let those pharmacists in the Northern Region come to me, Chen Wenliang ……”
Chen Wenliang was also very famous in the apothecary world, or else he wouldn’t have been able to become the President of the Central Domain Apothecary Society!
“I can also make a guarantee ……”
At this time, Pao Longxing also stood out!
As one of the four great families of Yongle City, the Pao family also had a heavy position in the medicine world!
Pao Longxing was just flattering Chen Ping at this moment, he had truly seen Chen Ping’s power along the way!
“Thank you then!”
Chen Ping thanked him, then looked towards Ruyan Liu!
“Ruyan, you follow President Chen and the others to return to the Central Region first, then you guys can go back to the Jade Tripod Sect, when I’m done with the matter, I’ll go to the Jade Tripod Sect to find you there!”
Chen Ping asked Ruyan Liu to return to the Jade Tripod Sect, he couldn’t let Ruyan Liu follow, Chen Ping still had a lot of things to do behind him!
With this strength, Ruyan Liu was too dangerous to follow him!
Especially since the time for the competition he had agreed to follow Mu Qing was coming up, and although he now had no fear at all for a cultivator of the first rank of the Mahayana realm, it didn’t mean that Chen Ping could now follow the Mu family to fight against them!
Chen Ping must now continue to improve his realm strength to do, only the strength of the most powerful enough to protect the women around him!
Especially since there was still the Demon Sealing Alliance staring at him, Chen Ping was even more afraid to let Ruyan Liu follow him around!
“Chen Ping, I know that you have a lot of things to do right now, I can’t be of much help by your side, and will become a burden, but don’t worry, I will definitely work hard, and try to improve myself to be able to become your wise assistant!”
Ruyan Liu grabbed Chen Ping’s hand, and it was evident that she was very reluctant to part!
After all, this time when they parted ways, there was no telling how long they would be able to see Chen Ping again!
“Nie Heng, on this journey, you have to take good care of Missy, understand?”
Chen Ping instructed Nie Heng!
“Don’t worry, Mr Chen, even if I lose my life, I won’t let Missy get hurt in the slightest.”
Nie Heng assured!
“The two of us can also protect Miss Liu along the way, and we hope to join the Jade Cauldron Sect!”
At this moment, the two siblings, Nie Lei and Nie Hong, stepped forward and said!
They intended to join the Jade Tripod Sect and follow Ruyan Liu!
In fact, it was not the Jade Cauldron Sect that they had their eyes on, but rather Chen Ping, since the Jade Cauldron Sect had Chen Ping to cover them, the future would definitely be unlimited!
Chen Ping glanced at Ruyan Liu, after all, he was not in a good position to make a decision on this kind of matter, Ruyan Liu was the Patriarch of the Jade Tripod Sect!
Before Liu Ruyan could speak, Nie Heng spoke up, “Eldest Miss, I think it’s better to let the two siblings follow, after all, it’s not easy for the two of them, and they’re not bad by nature.”
After Nie Heng finished speaking, he stole a glance at Nie Hong, who’s suddenly lowered her head and bit her lip!
Chen Ping could tell at a glance that this Nie Heng followed Nie Hong’s presumably having an affair, he just didn’t know, when did these two secretly get along!
No wonder Nie Heng would help the two siblings to speak, but Chen Ping could also see that the two siblings were indeed not bad by nature!