Huo Dong looked around at the several Chen Ping figures that were battling against him and also had shock in his eyes!
He also did not expect that Chen Ping, a fellow of the fourth rank of the Ferrying Realm, would have this kind of means!
“Hmph, don’t think that you’re the only one who can split up ……”
Huo Dong snorted coldly as the black aura on his body instantly dissipated and the ghost face he wore began to emit light!
Huo Dong pulled out a token as black as ink from his pocket and instantly gave it a pinch!
In an instant, the void was distorted, only to see that in the void, a shadow was actually mapped out, each shadow was wearing a black robe, and the face was also wearing a ghost face.
This shadow gradually solidified and then slowly landed beside Huo Dong!
When Chen Ping saw this, he then stopped talking, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand gently shook!
Between heaven and earth, an invisible sword qi instantly began to coalesce, and the Dragon Beheading Sword emitted a piercing glow!
This radiance became more and more prevalent, and the surrounding void trembled!
“Chen Ping, these bilocations of yours are borrowing the power of your main body, but these bilocations of mine will not consume a single ounce of my power.”
Huo Dong let out a fierce laugh and waved his hand, “Kill him ……”
Those ghost-faced robes then waved their long swords in their hands and charged directly towards Chen Ping!
For a while, Chen Ping’s doppelganger followed these ghost-faced robes and fought together!
Chen Ping just swept a glance and realised that these were not that Huo Dong’s doppelgangers, but some demonic souls or something like that!
The token that that Huo Dong had just crushed should have summoned these!
If these were all real Ghost Face Sect disciples, it was impossible for them to be directly teleported here so quickly!
Formation masters in the Celestial Realm were already rare, and a teleportation formation that could instantly move so many people was probably not something that many people would be able to lay down!
What’s more, teleportation formations needed to be laid out in both directions, and the Purple Flame Sect didn’t have any teleportation formations here at all, so even if the Ghostface Sect had teleportation formations, there was no way they could have instantly teleported so many people here!
The only explanation is that these ghostly robes are all demonic souls and other spirits, and Huo Dong crushed that token and released these demonic souls!
Thinking about the fact that Elder Tu had also released quite a few demonic souls at that time, it looked like this Ghost Face Sect was good at hosting demonic souls!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping withdrew his detachment, while his Divine Sense instantly spread out!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire sea of consciousness was all open!
Huo Dong froze, he didn’t understand what Chen Ping was trying to do, suddenly recalling his detachment and spreading out his divine sense.
“Could it be that this fellow is using his divine sense to probe these ghostly-faced robes that I have recruited?”
Thinking of this, the corner of Huo Dong’s mouth suddenly lifted!
Immediately after that, he let those ghostly-faced robes swarm towards Chen Ping, since Chen Ping had let go of his divine sense and opened his sea of consciousness, then these demonic souls could invade Chen Ping’s body and directly occupy Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
By then, even if Chen Ping did not die, he would become a body without consciousness, and it would be much easier to deal with it!
Chen Ping wanted this result, he used this method to make that Tu Elder fall for it, and now he made this Huo Dong fall for it again!
The demonic soul that could control Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness did not exist in the entire Celestial Realm!
Even the Red Cloud Demon Sovereign’s Demon Soul was not able to control Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, this was a Demon Sovereign of the Celestial Realm!
As far as these rubbish devil souls of the Celestial Realm were concerned, they still wanted to control Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, what were they thinking!
Several demonic souls entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, and Chen Ping’s body also lost its movement for a moment!
However, after these several demonic souls entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, they directly slapped the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s soul into oblivion, without the ability to resist at all!
Seeing Chen Ping’s sudden cessation of movement and his eyes were lifeless, Huo Dong laughed!
“Hahahaha, you brute, this is not my doppelganger, these are the demonic souls that I have recruited, and you dare to probe with your divine sense.”
“Now that your sea of consciousness is open, being invaded by my demonic souls into your sea of consciousness, you will immediately become a fool!”
Seeing Chen Ping in that state, Huo Dong laughed madly!