“Too weak, with this strength, you guys should go back and cultivate more, don’t run around, be careful you’ll easily lose your lives ……”
Chen Ping slowly spoke.
At this moment, both Ding Bu Er and Ding Bu San were furious, and even Ding Bu Si’s breath surged, ready to make a move together.
Although the strength Chen Ping had shown shocked them, several of them were not the least bit afraid and were ready to fight for their lives!
However, they were stopped by Ding BuDa, who then asked Chen Ping with a tight frown, “Who exactly are you? We are the Four Villains of the Valley of Evil, we have no grudge against you, I wonder why you are following us?”
Ding didn’t know that the martial arts world in Kyoto was full of hidden dragons and tigers, and that the man in front of them was unfathomable, and that they couldn’t fight for their lives when it wasn’t necessary!
Because they had more important things to do, the four of them had come to rescue Xiao Ru, if they got into a conflict or delayed here, it would be more than worth the loss.
At this moment, Chen Ping slowly took off the hat on his head and a delicate face was revealed.
When the four villains saw Chen Ping, one by one, their eyes widened, revealing an incredulous expression.
Then one by one, they got excited and knelt down in front of Chen Ping in a poof.
“Hall Master, you …… you didn’t turn out to be dead ……”
Ding did not kneel in front of Chen Ping and cried bitterly.
They all thought that Chen Ping was dead, after all, it had been so long and they hadn’t seen Chen Ping appear.
“You guys get up quickly ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly helped the four villains up, “I’m not that easy to die, the person who killed me hasn’t been born yet ……”
“Hall Master, then the person who exterminated those clans and families during this time, was it you?”
Ding Buzan remembered what had happened in the martial arts world in Kyoto recently, so he asked Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not hide it, but nodded and admitted it.
This made the four villains even more shocked, to be able to do that, that proved that Chen Ping’s strength had increased a lot.
“What did you four do when you entered Kyoto?”
Chen Ping asked at this point, turning to the four.
The four of them instantly looked embarra*sed and awkward, and after a moment of silence, Ding Da said, “Hall Master, Miss Xiao Ru has been captured by Long Xiao, and the four of us are here to save Miss Xiao Ru ……”
“What?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed as anger instantly rose up in his body.
“This D*mned Long Xiao ……” Chen Ping gritted his teeth, his eyes slightly glued, his eyes filled with killing intent.
Feeling the terrifying killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, the four villains could not help but be terrified!
A moment later, the murderous aura on Chen Ping’s body slowly subsided, and then asked, “The four of you going to the Dragon Family to save others, isn’t that asking for death? The four of you are not strong enough to deal with the entire Dragon Family!”
One must know that the Dragon Family is an old martial arts family in Kyoto, the Dragon Family has many masters, even the current Long Xiao, the four villains may not be able to handle it!
Going to the Dragon Family to save someone like this would be no different from following suicide!
“Hall Master, now that Long Jingguo and Long Xiao of the Long Family are gone and some of the experts have been transferred away, it is a good time to save people ……”
Ding Dada said.
Chen Ping asked with a puzzled look on his face, “How do you guys know about this?”
“Mr. Long Wu has called the Long family and said that he had an appointment to meet that Long Jingguo, and now Long Jingguo has already led his men there, so the four of us took the opportunity to save Miss Xiao Ru ……”
Ding Da Dao explained.
“Uncle Long?” Chen Ping was shocked!
One must know that now Long Wu was an ordinary person, he had no strength at all, how could he deal with these people from Long Jingguo?
So it seemed that Long Wu was sacrificing himself to lure Long Jingguo out of the Long family and give a chance to rescue Xiao Ru!
After all, Long Jingguo hated Long Wu so much that Long Wu and the old leader betrayed each other, which led to all these subsequent events, and Long Jingguo had long wanted to kill Long Wu.
Now that Long Wu had automatically sought out the door, Long Jingguo would definitely head there.
“You guys go stop Uncle Long right now, I’ll go to the Long family to save Xiao Ru ……”
Chen Ping said, his body flashed and he was gone, he knew time was precious!