With that, the remaining soldiers charged towards the exit of the heavenly prison.
Chen Ping and his two companions relentlessly pursued, with soldiers falling every minute.
Chen Ping was swift, and his Dragon-Slaying Sword was even swifter.
Beams of sword light followed like shadows, relentlessly cutting down the fleeing soldiers.
As the soldiers neared the prison’s entrance, ready to rush out and alert the city’s troops, they would soon surround the prison tightly, leaving Chen Ping and his group with no chance of escape.
“Not one of you will escape…”
Chen Ping’s fingers twitched, a faint array pattern flickering in the air, then flashing brightly.
The next moment, an array formation appeared instantly at the prison’s entrance, when the soldiers reached it, they were blasted back by a surge of force.
Seeing this, the soldiers’ faces turned grim.
“You lot, break the array, the rest, fight with me!”
The soldier captain was still giving orders.
He sent some to forcibly dismantle the array while leading the others to hold off Chen Ping’s group.
They just needed to hold out until the array was broken.
A few soldiers began attacking the array, while the captain, with the remaining soldiers, turned and coldly faced Chen Ping and his two companions.
“Why do you insist on wiping us out? Even if you kill us all, there are countless soldiers in the city beyond this prison, you’ll never escape.”
The soldier captain questioned Chen Ping.
“When you were slaughtering those humans, did you ever stop to think why you had to wipe them out?”
Chen Ping retorted coldly!
As his words fell, Chen Ping vanished, his Dragon-Slaying Sword slashing towards the soldier captain.
The captain’s face twisted with ferocity as he roared, “Fight to the death…”
Three figures plunged into the midst of the soldiers once more!
In the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn, the sounds of battle ceased.
Mad Immortal and Bai Yi sat on the ground, panting heavily, their energy nearly spent.
Chen Ping was also drained but could still hold on.
He began searching the soldiers’ bodies, collecting any storage bags or useful resources.
Over a hundred soldiers had been completely wiped out by Chen Ping and his group.
But killing just over a hundred had been so taxing.
If it were tens of thousands of soldiers, Chen Ping didn’t dare imagine it.
Fortunately, Niu Fei had already led Rhino City’s soldiers to attack Flying Tiger City.
Most of the city’s soldiers would likely be redeployed to fend off the assault.
At that moment, Aisha appeared, followed by over a thousand human cultivators!
They all seemed to be in their prime, the elderly, weak, women, and children had likely been killed.
The remaining able-bodied could be used as slaves.
Aisha looked at the dead soldiers, almost in disbelief, and said, “You killed all these soldiers?”
Chen Ping nodded, “All dead…”
Mad Immortal glanced at the human cultivators and sneered, “Over a thousand human cultivators, yet slaughtered by just over a hundred soldiers, and not one of you fought back, pathetic, truly pathetic…”
“Do you know why you human cultivators are the weakest and so easily bullied?”
“Because you only think of yourselves, no one is willing to stand up, that’s why so many of you were massacred by just over a hundred soldiers.”
“Even if you’re ordinary people who can’t beat those soldiers, you could at least spit on them to disgust them.”
“But you humans are too clever, so clever that your cleverness backfires.”
Mad Immortal’s words pierced the human cultivators’ hearts like a steel needle.
They had indeed grown numb, none had thought to resist.
After all, in the beast race’s heavenly prison, resistance meant death, while enduring might offer a slim chance of survival.
It was this mindset that allowed a mere hundred-odd soldiers to slaughter so many human cultivators.