“Namu Amitabha Buddha, Immeasurable Heavenly Father ……”
After saying that, only a golden light emanated from that Immeasurable Master’s body, directly transforming into a golden barrier that shrouded all of the people!
And at this moment, that terrifying aura had already arrived in front of the crowd!
Boom!
Accompanied by a loud thought, that golden barrier, which was not even the slightest bit effective, shattered with a loud bang, and everyone was sent flying out by this terrifying force!
Flying out tens of miles in a row, before falling heavily to the ground!
The buildings of these dozens of miles were also turned into ashes in an instant, and some of the people of the Imperial City who were hiding were also turned into dust under this terrifying aura!
Everyone was very shocked and filled with disbelief!
At this moment, even the room where Ji Yun was shielding Chen Ping was also turned into ashes, and the two people’s bodies were thrown far away!
Chen Ping also came out of his coma, only that feeling of emptiness was still there!
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing this, Xiao Feng rushed forward to protect Chen Ping!
Yu Wenqiang also frowned and blocked in front of Xiao Feng and Chen Ping!
Along with a tremor in the void, the crowd realised that a figure suddenly appeared from the void, which slowly became clear!
One could only see a small child who was only in his teens, with a childish face and a lollipop in his mouth, standing in front of the crowd!
This person was the Tenth Highness who had suddenly disappeared from the Demon Sealing Alliance.
Could it be that the terrifying aura just now was emanating from this child?
Everyone was filled with doubt!
And along with that child slowly walking towards the crowd, a sense of oppression like a mountain of discord began to suffocate the crowd!
At this moment, they finally understood that the terrifying aura that had just come from them was the little child in front of them that had erupted!
“Who exactly is this person? To be able to tear through the void and suddenly appear, could it be that the Demon Sealing Alliance has an Immortalisation Realm expert?”
Yu Wenqiang said as he saw the sudden appearance of the Tenth Highness!
Chen Ping looked at the child in front of him as a red light emanated from his brow!
“This person is not the original body, it is just a divine soul that has coalesced!”
Chen Ping used his Heavenly Underworld Eyes to see the other party.
If it was not the original body, suddenly appearing from the void would explain it!
But there was another point, and that was that a divine soul had erupted with such a powerful aura that all of them could not resist, so wouldn’t the strength of the other party’s main body be even more terrifying?
“Heavenly Underworld Eyes? A tiny Ferrying Realm cultivator even possesses this divine ability?”
The Tenth Highness placed his gaze on Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had used the Heavenly Underworld Eyes to observe him, and the Tenth Highness had noticed it at the very first moment!
And also recognised that it was the Heavenly Underworld Eyes!
“What kind of person are you? Could it be that you are from the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
Master Limitless asked at Ten Highness!
The Tenth Highness took a lollipop and licked it, then shook his head, “I’m not someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
Upon hearing that he wasn’t from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the crowd all secretly let out a sigh of relief!
As long as the other party was not someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance, then it would be fine!
But then, the Tenth Highness continued, “Although I’m not someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the Demon Sealing Alliance is my ……”
This sentence, instantly people made the crowd, who were relieved, raise their hearts once again!
They only knew that the Demon Sealing Alliance’s ally was Zuo Tianzheng, this child that suddenly appeared, shouldn’t be Zuo Tianzheng, right?
Along with the Ten Highnesses’ words, then with a wave of his hand, he struck out a terrifying breath!
This aura was like lightning as it flashed and headed straight towards Chen Ping!
The target was very clear!
Seeing this scene, Xiao Feng’s face was shocked and he shouted in a panic, “Prime Minister Yu, protect Mr Chen ……”
Xiao Feng knew that with his own strength, it was simply impossible to resist this aura!
And that Xiao Jian said, “Master Limitless, it’s up to you ……”
Master Limitless felt speechless to the extreme, he had just blocked it himself and it directly crumbled and was sent flying out!