More than an hour later, Chen Ping opened the door sweating profusely!
However, he found Sheng Bushi waiting at the door with a smile on his face!
“Mr Chen, I’m tired, if you have anything to do, just give me an order!”
After Sheng Bushi finished speaking, he didn’t forget to glance towards the room!
Finding Sheng Jiahui lying on the bed, it seemed like she couldn’t even get up!
He was even happier in his heart!
“Sheng Family Master, I do have a request for you!”
Chen Ping told Sheng Bushi about the matter of the Broad Cold Palace after him!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Sheng Bushi did not hesitate to say, “No problem, I will immediately bring the Sheng Family’s children to South End City, although our Sheng Family’s overall strength is weak, we can draw more formation talismans and we can help.”
“Then thank you, Sheng Family Master!”
Chen Ping said with great gratitude!
“Mr Chen, I should be the one to thank you.” Sheng Bushi said with a smile!
Chen Ping knew what Sheng Bushi meant, so he could only smile awkwardly!
“Father, I will also go ……”
At this time, Sheng Jiahui, who was lying on the bed, said!
“You’re not going, stay home and nurse your foetus properly.”
Sheng Bushi immediately retorted.
Chen Ping was speechless for a while after hearing this, how could he be nurturing his foetus when it was only a matter of time?
“Father, how do you know that you can definitely conceive this time?”
Sheng Jiahui asked in part!
This time, Sheng Boshi froze, he didn’t know, whether this time would work or not!
Seeing that Sheng Bushi didn’t say anything, Sheng Jiahui then took advantage of the situation, “I’ll follow along this time, and I’ll be able to follow Chen Ping for a few more days, so the chances will be better.”
“Makes sense, then you should go along!”
Sheng Bushi nodded and said!
Chen Ping listened to the dialogue between the father and daughter, his entire body was in a daze, and he could only leave in a panic!
He was afraid in being left behind and treating himself as a stallion!
While leaving from the Sheng Family, Chen Ping returned directly to the Blood Spirit Valley!
Seeing the returning Chen Ping, whether it was the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, or Luo Shouhai and the others, they were all very excited!
Especially White Shallow and Fire Phoenix, they directly jumped into Chen Ping’s arms, completely disregarding the fact that there were people on the side!
It could be seen that they did miss Chen Ping as well!
“Mr Chen, it seems that you have gained a lot from your trip to look for the Heavenly Demon Stone this time, you have actually reached the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, and the aura on your body is also much stronger.”
Luo Shouhai looked at Chen Ping and said with great shock!
“There is still some harvest, but not much!”
Chen Ping’s heart ached as he rang about those Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquids within the Wuji Sacred Sect!
“Mr Chen, did you not find any Heavenly Demon Stones?”
Demon Mountain Ghost Elder asked!
These were for Wind Demon to reshape his flesh, if there were no Heavenly Demon Stones, it would be difficult for Wind Demon to reshape his flesh!
“Found them, on the way, I have informed Senior Wind Demon, I reckon he will be able to arrive in the next day or two.”
Chen Ping said!
“That’s great, when Elder Wind Demon remoulds his flesh, the entire situation in the Celestial Realm will change.”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man was very excited!
“Don’t be too happy too early either, it’s also unknown when Elder Wind Demon will be able to remould his flesh successfully when he gets the Heavenly Demon Stone.”
“Right now, I need all of you to be ready to follow me to South End City at any time.”
Chen Ping said!
For the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others, Chen Ping did not need to be polite, after all, they were all already familiar with each other!
“South End City?” Luo Shouhai froze, “Mr Chen, that is the southernmost tip of the entire Southern Domain, I wonder what Mr Chen is doing in South End City?”
Chen Ping talked about his experience in the Guanghan Palace and told him that the Mu Family was going to attack the Guanghan Palace as well!
Upon hearing that they were accompanying Chen Ping to the war, all of them were very excited!
“Mr Chen, when will we set off, just give me a word and I will gather the disciples right away.”
Luo Shouhai said!
“Good, what about Hall Master Song of the Soulless Hall?”
Chen Ping asked!