Seeing this Silver Red Tiger that had suddenly appeared, Elder Fei was just stunned, and then he looked at Protector Gong!
“What’s going on here? Aren’t these demonic beasts controlled by you? Why are they attacking us now?”
Elder Fei asked in confusion!
“These Silver Red Tigers seem to have been detoxified.” Protector Gong looked towards those Silver Red Tigers that were pouncing over and said with a somewhat nervous expression!
It was important to know that the strength of these Silver Red Tigers was not low, especially that Tiger King, who had grown to a body of more than ten metres, and had long since reached the Transitional Realm!
It could change between human form and beast form!
Originally, they and these Silver Red Tigers were well watered, but in order to reap the benefits, Protector Gong used the poisonous tent to confuse the minds of these Silver Red Tigers, allowing them to attack the human cultivators who passed through this Chilian Mountain Range!
“You abominable evil cultivators, you even used the poison tent to confuse our minds and let us slaughter the human cultivators, making the human cultivators make a grudge against us, today I will break you into pieces ……”
The Tiger King roared angrily and instantly charged up with his men!
Seeing this, Protector Gong could only bring his men forward to meet the battle, while that Elder Fei’s figure backed up sharply, then circled around the area and chased after Chen Ping in the direction they had fled!
His goal was to kill Chen Ping, so he could not let Chen Ping go!
That Sikong Zhen saw that Elder Fei bypassed those Silver Red Tigers and chased towards Chen Ping, he also followed closely!
As for that Protector Gong himself, he was leading his men to fight after the Silver Red Tigers!
The Tiger King steeply spewed out a mouthful of raging flames, the flames swept out like ocean waves, covering the sky and setting many trees ablaze!
Amidst a sea of fire, some of the Soulless Hall’s demonic cultivators couldn’t dodge in time and were directly set ablaze!
Ah …………
Several devil cultivators were caught off guard and had their bodies ignited, screaming in pain!
The other Silver Red Tigers rushed up and tore into them, venting their anger.
Gong protector in the hands of a long sword, waving in the Yin Fury Qi began to flutter, boundless whistling sound, followed by the surrounding began to fill the gust of fog!
Seeing this, the Tiger King knew that this guy had started to use poison again, and immediately growled, leading his men to retreat backwards!
They had already suffered from this poison tent, so it was impossible for them to continue to suffer!
Using the poison tent to force the Silver Red Tiger back, Protector Gong looked around and realised that there was no sign of Elder Fei!
If something happened to this Elder Fei, then he would be in trouble, and he probably wouldn’t want to go back to the Soulless Hall, let alone be an Elder!
“Immediately follow me to find Elder Fei ……”
Protector Gong led those demonic cultivators and began to chase after Elder Fei in the direction he had left!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, with Cai Hongwei’s father and daughter, desperately ran towards the place where the others were resting!
He could clearly sense that there were people chasing behind him, so Chen Ping did not dare to be the slightest bit lax!
Soon Chen Ping brought Cai Hongwei and Cai Qiannan back to the place where the people were resting!
Seeing Cai Hongwei and Cai Qiannan being retrieved by Chen Ping, the crowd hurriedly got up!
After all, Cai Hongwei was the leader, without him, all of them were afraid that they would not be able to reach the Southern Region!
“Boss Cai, are you alright? How come you don’t look quite right?”
Elder Miao had pretty much rested by now, and his face was much rosier!
“That Sikong Zhen colluded with the demonic cultivators and tricked us to those demonic cultivators, fortunately, Mr Chen appeared in time and saved both our father and daughter ……”
Cai Hongwei spoke with blood still flowing from his mouth!
“What? That Sikong Zhen dared to collude with a demonic cultivator?”
“Too beastly, that Sikong family is also considered a big family, I didn’t expect this kind of scum to appear.”
“I’ve long seen that Sikong Zhen is no good.”
When the crowd heard that that Sikong Zhen had actually colluded with a demonic cultivator, they said with righteous indignation!