“The test is the same in front, I’m participating in the deacon’s test, and the test in the back will be different.”
Qian Xiu explained after Chen Ping!
“Oh, so that’s how it is!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Senior brother, during the examination, you should not run around, just follow behind me.”
“And how is Senior Brother’s Supreme Fire practice? Our Purple Flame Sect specialises in fire techniques, so most of the assessments are also in the fire aspect.”
Qian Xiu asked!
“I …………”
Chen Ping did not know how to answer!
He now had three Supreme Fires and had also perceived the Fire Origin, but in the end, Chen Ping could not say what kind of Supreme Fire he had practiced to!
Seeing Chen Ping stammering, Qian Xiu was slightly startled and said, “Senior brother, you don’t even have a Supreme Flame, do you? If you haven’t practised the Supreme Flame, there is no way you can pass the Inner Sect Examination.”
“The most important point of the Inner Gate Examination is that you have to practise the Supreme Flame in order to do so.”
“Senior sister, I have the Supreme Flame.”
Saying that, Chen Ping’s fingertips pulsed with the Earth’s Heart Flame!
The flame was very weak, just like a candlelight, looking like it could be blown out with a single breath!
Looking at Chen Ping’s weak Supreme Flame, Qian Xiu cried and laughed a little!
The others were also silent, this kind of fire, could it pass the test?
It was Wei Qing who spoke up, “It’s fine to have a Supreme Flame, at the very least it’s a pass for the examination.”
“Even if the strength is strong, if you can’t practise the supreme fire, it’s impossible to pass the examination, look at that Lu San on the opposite side, the sixth rank of the Transition Realm strength, he is the strongest amongst the outer disciples, but the delay in practising the supreme fire, there’s no way he can become an inner disciple either.”
Wei Qing was afraid that Chen Ping would be under pressure, so he said this!
Chen Ping just smiled and did not say anything, he was afraid that he would expose his true strength of Supreme Fire and scare all these people who were there again!
The crowd then gathered around and listened to Qian Xiu speak about the main points of the test, as well as the use and tempering of the Supreme Fire!
Although there were loopholes in many parts of Qian Xiu’s speech, compared to those outer disciples, Qian Xiu obviously knew more!
It was only that it was not comparable to Chen Ping, after all, Chen Ping was someone who had perceived the fire origin!
If one didn’t understand the fire to a certain extent, there was no way to understand it!
It was obvious that these people were all very nervous and excited about the test!
Chen Ping, however, felt nothing, because he knew that he could pass with his eyes closed, in Chen Ping’s eyes, the Purple Flame Sect’s inner door examination was as simple as following a child’s playground!
Ringing Bell…………
Accompanied by an ear-piercing bell ringing, the crowd instantly shut their mouths, and then looked ahead with serious gazes!
Chen Ping saw that Liu Sh*tong was holding a token as black as ink in his hand and gently pressed it inside a circular hole!
Only a buzzing sound could be heard, followed by a curtain of light rising up in front of the crowd!
It was like a screen of light like a film, and within that screen of light, Chen Ping saw layers of mountains and green trees!
That scene contrasted sharply with the desert surrounding the Purple Flame Sect!
As the crowd looked at this scene, many of them had a yearning in their eyes!
After all, after living in this kind of desert for too long, one would yearn for different environments and places!
Just like travelling, even if it’s a beautiful scenery, when you live there, you will think of escaping and travelling to an unfamiliar place!
Unbeknownst to you, the place you go travelling to is also the place others think of escaping from!
“Senior brother, don’t be nervous, think of it as going in to take a break, since it’s already like this, put your mind in a good place, even if you don’t pass the examination, you’re set as an inner disciple.”
Wei Qing patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said!
“I know!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Senior Sister Qian, Senior Brother is counting on you, you have to take care of him, in addition if you are unfavourable for the Deacon Examination, don’t try to be brave, just withdraw directly, the back of the Deacon Examination is very treacherous.”
Wei Qing barked at Qian Xiu!