Just as Han Qing’er’s divine sense entered Chen Ping’s mind, a golden light suddenly flashed through Chen Ping’s mind, instantly cutting off Han Qing’er’s divine sense!
“Ah …………”
Han Qing’er shrieked in shock.
“Miss ……”
Qiu Ju hurriedly asked, “Are you alright?”
“This guy’s divine sense is so powerful ……”
Han Qing’er’s face became a little ugly!
When Chen Ping saw that Han Qing’er had used her divine sense, there was no need for him to hide it.
So a huge divine sense towards Han Qing’er enveloped, he wanted to probe, Han Qing’er what they really are.
But just as Chen Ping’s divine sense was heading towards Han Qing’er, he saw a faint purple glow on Qiu Ju’s body!
After Chen Ping’s divine sense touched this light, it was instantly shattered, without the slightest struggle!
Chen Ping’s eyes widened as he watched with a face full of incredulity.
For someone to be able to defeat his divine sense so easily, that strength must have surpa*sed him by a lot.
“Kyoto, when did there become such an expert?”
Chen Ping couldn’t believe for a moment that a young woman would have such strength.
“Miss, let’s go ……”
Qiu Ju said to Han Qing’er.
“What’s the point of being afraid of him, this guy is no match for you at all!”
Han Qing’er glared coldly at Chen Ping, still holding a grudge against him!
Just now, Chen Ping had unceremoniously cut off her divine sense, leaving Han Qing’er in shock!
“Miss, if we stay outside for too long, the House Master will chastise me when we return ……”
Qiu Ju had a puzzled look on her face.
Han Qing’er looked at Qiu Ju like that, and could only sigh helplessly, “Alright, I didn’t leave ……”
Han Qing’er followed Qiu Ju and got up to go outside, Chen Ping didn’t even eat his meal, he also followed!
He was very curious as to where the two people with such cultivation levels came from!
He was very curious as to where these two people came from, knowing that there was a shortage of spiritual energy in heaven and earth, so it would be harder to cultivate to such a level than to wait for him!
Chen Ping had also relied on the power of the Heart Condensation Skill, in addition to quite a few opportunities, to break through to the Great Martial Marquis realm.
Han Qing’er and Qiu Ju walked in front, while Chen Ping followed behind.
“Are you a sick person, what are you doing following us?”
Han Qing’er could not stand it anymore and shouted angrily at Chen Ping.
“This lady, I mean no harm, I just want to get to know you ……”
Chen Ping just wanted to know, Han Qing’er and the two of them, what methods they used to cultivate to such a level of cultivation in this era of lack of spiritual energy.
“Want to get to know us?” Han Qing’er smiled, “I see you just want to pick us up, right?”
“I’ve seen men like you a lot, are you trying to coax us into bed just because you see us as pretty?”
“You don’t even look at yourself like that, are you worthy?”
Han Qing’er gave a sudden taunt that directly f*cked Chen Ping out of his mind.
Chen Ping really only wanted to get to know the two of them, to find out where they were from!
He had no intention of coaxing them into bed.
But he didn’t expect this Han Qing’er to be so direct!
“This young lady, you misunderstood, I have no idea of trying to trick you into sleeping with me, I just simply want to get to know them ……”
Chen Ping explained!
“Who believes that!” Han Qing’er gave Chen Ping a blank look and said, “Don’t follow us or I’ll kill you ……”
After saying that, Han Qing’er followed Qiu Ju forward and her figure disappeared into the darkness!
Chen Ping was a bit helpless, he didn’t expect to meet such an unreasonable woman!
Chen Ping turned around with the intention of going back to eat again, but just as he turned around, he noticed not far away, a burst of terrifying aura fluctuations!
This was followed by a loud bellow and the sound of a fight!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly ran forward!
At a corner, Chen Ping saw four men in black, attacking Han Qing’er and Qiu Ju!
The four men in black were not weak, Han Qing’er had received a slap on her shoulder and blood was gushing out of her mouth!