Seeing this, the other Zhentian Dharma Sect Elder was so scared that he pissed his trousers and turned his head to run!
Wang Qingshi also stumbled, so scared that he almost didn’t fall into the sea!
Only to see Wang Qingshi waving his palms, a black mist instantly appeared in front of him, Wang Qingshi’s body rushed into the black mist and then disappeared!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was heading towards the other elder of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
When that guy saw this, he knew that he couldn’t run away, so he crushed a rune, and a blood-coloured light instantly appeared in front of his body!
Within the light, there were still runes travelling through it!
Chen Ping laughed coldly and with a wave of his hand, that blood-coloured light instantly disappeared without a trace!
Playing with arts in front of Chen Ping was simply playing with a big sword in front of the Duke of Guan!
“This …………”
That Zhan Tian Dharma Sect Elder was directly dumbfounded!
Before he could react, a light flashed before his eyes and his head instantly moved!
After killing the two Elders of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, Chen Ping struck out towards the other disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, and in the meantime, he looked for the traces of that Wang Qing Shi!
This fellow, surely, could not have opened a teleportation array and teleported himself away!
With his current artistry strength, he didn’t have the ability to instantly lay down a teleportation array!
This fellow must have used some kind of blindfold!
Only, Chen Ping had no way to detect Wang Qingshi’s presence right now even if he used his divine sense!
Those disciples of the Zhentian Dharma Sect were all panicking and running around!
The many pill masters plus the people from the Two Yi Sect, on the other hand, were chasing after these people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect as if they were lost dogs!
“Stop fighting, stop fighting, I surrender, we surrender, spare us ……”
A disciple of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect couldn’t take it anymore and desperately started begging for mercy!
Pfft!
But just as the words fell, he was killed by a Pill Master from Pill God Island with a sword!
“Now you want to surrender, we’ve lost so many of our brothers, if you want to surrender, there’s no door!”
The many pill masters of Pill God Island had long since gone mad from killing!
Hundreds of Zhentian Dharma Sect disciples, only dozens of them were left at this moment, surrounded!
Chen Ping slapped out a palm full of head to fire, and all of these disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, all of them participated in it, and ended up falling in the sea of fire!
Not far away, Su Tianshuo and the others, at this moment, had already been scared silly!
Until this time, Su Tianshuo reacted, “Quickly, turn the direction, turn the direction to escape ……”
Su Tianshuo commanded the spirit boat to turn around!
Because the people of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect died too quickly, before Su Tianshuo could react, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had already been annihilated, and even that Wang Qingshi had disappeared!
But just as the spirit boat had just reversed its direction, at this moment, on top of the spirit boat, there was actually one more person!
This person was precisely Wang Qingshi who had just used the black mist to hide!
He didn’t run away, because he couldn’t escape either, and could only temporarily use the Shadow Escape Technique to escape to Su Tianshuo’s spirit boat!
“Patriarch Wang?”
Seeing Wang Qingshi, Su Tianshuo was shocked!
“Su Tianshuo, you f*cking bastard, after agreeing that we would co-operate, you even stood by and watched?”
Wang Qingshi’s face was filled with shock and anger, and he was about to strike with a wave of his palm!
He felt like he had been tricked by that Su Tianshuo!
“Patriarch Wang, don’t make a move, as a matter of urgency we need to find a way to deal with those pill masters.”
Seeing this, Bao Longxing hurriedly stopped Wang Qingshi!
“Patriarch Wang, it’s better for us not to fight internally right now, we need to figure out how to turn defeat into victory.”
Su Tianshuo also didn’t expect that Wang Qingshi had appeared in his spirit boat, so he said!
“Still f*cking how to turn defeat into victory? My men are all dead!”
Wang Qingshi said with a face full of anger!
“Patriarch Wang, in fact, you should be able to notice that right now, all of these people are treating that Chen Ping as their backbone.”
“We just need to find a way to exterminate that Chen Ping, those people without their backbone will instantly become scattered sand.”
Su Tianshuo began to come up with bad ideas again, intending to exterminate Chen Ping first!