“This fog is due to a spell formation, everyone be careful ……”
At this point, Hu Ma Zi changed his playful look and his face became grave!
Those girls all became cautious as well, one by one they walked forward cautiously!
“Gang Master Tang, can you still remember the place you mentioned?”
Chen Ping said to Tang Dali.
He was afraid that with such a thick fog, Tang Dali wouldn’t know the direction anymore.
“Don’t worry Mr. Chen, I can know with my eyes closed ……”
Tang Dali had a strong sense of direction, although he had only been there twice, he was still able to find it though.
Chen Ping nodded and let Tang Dali lead the way!
After walking for more than an hour, the group found that the thick fog was beginning to dissipate and the towering snow-capped mountains were right in front of them. At the moment, if you look down from the air, you will see that the thick fog actually formed a big circle, encasing the snow-capped mountains!
With just this layer of fog, it was estimated that many people would be lost in it, unable to distinguish their direction!
“Mr. Chen, those places where people often disappear are at the foot of the snowy mountain to the east ……”
Tang Long said as he pointed in the direction of the east.
“Good, let’s go over there!” Chen Ping nodded, then looked to Gu Ling’er and the others and said, “You girls stay behind, don’t go ahead in case you are in danger, give you the tent and supplies, you wait here!”
Chen Ping took out the supplies from his storage ring, and then opened the tent and told Gu Ling’er and the girls to wait!
Originally, Ge Jiayi and Xiaolan were unwilling to wait, but Ji Ruxue and Gu Ling’er knew that there would be danger in exploring the ruins this time, so they would be a distraction for Chen Ping if they went in, so they agreed to stay!
Chen Ping let Tang Dali lead the way, and then called Hu Ma Zi, Fan Jiang, and Anna’s master and servant to join him, heading towards the place where the Patriarch had disappeared!
“Chen Ping, I’ll go with you, if we really encounter danger, I can still fend it off ……”
Ge Yuhan wanted to follow Chen Ping!
After all, Ge Yuhan’s strength was also a Grand Martial Marquis, so if he really encountered danger, it would be enough to deal with it by himself.
Moreover, Ge Yuhan must have seen a lot of things, if he really encountered something very old, maybe Ge Yuhan would be able to recognize it!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping nodded his head and said, “Okay, you follow ……”
After arranging for the people who would accompany him, Chen Ping said to Zhao Chuang, “Zhao Chuang, you can keep an eye on them, only allow them to wait here, don’t go anywhere ……”
“Brother Chen, don’t worry, I won’t let them wander off ……”
Zhao Barging promised!
Chen Ping and the others set off, and as their direction changed, Chen Ping actually felt that the spiritual energy of heaven and earth had changed!
And that Ge Yuhan also seems to feel it, frowning slightly!
Soon, Chen Ping arrived at that place, but there were several large signs around the place!
A few large signs read, “This place is dangerous, do not enter ……”
Chen Ping was amazed, who would put up so many signs here?
“Gang Master Tang, who made these?”
Chen Ping asked.
Tang Dali also shook his head with a confused expression, “I don’t know either, when I came here the first two times, there was no such thing ……”
“Someone has already been here, so I guess this sign is just to scare people.”
At this point, Hu Ma Zi spoke up.
“Whatever it is, let’s go in ……”
Chen Ping took the lead and stepped towards the inside.
But just as Chen Ping took a step to continue walking towards the front, a sudden hissing sound of a fierce beast came!
The roar was loud and it sounded very terrifying!
“There are still demonic beasts out here?”
Chen Ping was filled with astonishment!
One had to know that in this extremely cold place, it was very difficult for some beasts to survive.
Listening to that roar, Tang Dali’s face turned a little ugly!