In an instant, the whole ground shook, just like an earthquake, and Wu Xi’s body couldn’t stand up and fell straight to the ground!
And looking at Chen Ping’s feet, a deep crack spread out for more than ten metres, while Chen Ping’s calves had sunk into the ground!
Lifting his feet, Chen Ping walked indifferently back to Wu Liuyi!
And falling to the ground, Wu Xi was dumbfounded, looking at the half-meter deep hole in front of him, the knot in Wu Xi’s throat rolled, finally realizing that Chen Ping’s strength was simply not comparable to his, just this strength was afraid that it had already reached the 8th grade or higher of the Inner Strength Zong Shi, no wonder his own father was so polite to him!
Thinking of this, Wu Xi immediately got up, walked to Chen Ping with a respectful face, and knelt down with a poof: “I have no pearls in my eyes, I hope Mr. Chen won’t take offense!”
Seeing Wu Xi kneel down for himself, Chen Ping was a little surprised and picked him up with a stretch of his hand.
Although these two brothers of the Wu family had wild personalities, this ability to admit their mistakes and turn back was really extraordinary, and it did not seem to be at all unlike Wu Liuyi.
“Force from the heart, shape at will, so that your speed and strength can both be exercised, instead of losing one thing and gaining more than you lose ……”
Chen Ping patted Wu Xi’s shoulder and said.
“Force from the heart, form at will? Force from the heart, form at will? …………”
Wu Xi muttered, and suddenly his eyes lit up, full of excitement, “Thank you Mr. Chen for pointing it out, I know, I know ……”
After finishing his sentence, Wu Xi ran straight to the martial arts arena and began to practice, chattering, “Force from the heart, form at will!”
Wu Liuyi looked at Wu Xi with satisfaction, and then said to Chen Ping with gratitude, “Thank you so much Mr. Chen, if Mr. Chen can be of any use to my Wu family, my family will go through fire and water!”
“It’s just a handful, there’s no need to be polite, Master Wu!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly!
Just then, Wu Dong walked over, and then respectfully said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, the original stone has arrived, I wonder if you ……”
“Good, I’ll go with you to take a look!”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
Wu Dong drove and took Chen Ping directly away from the Wu family to a warehouse on the outskirts of the city, this was where Wu Dong stored the raw stones, after all, the shop inside the market was too small to hold these raw stones!
When Chen Ping arrived, a black car drove up and a white-haired old man with old-fashioned gla*ses and a cane in his hand came down from the car!
Seeing this, Wu Dong hurriedly greeted him, “Pei Lao, watch your step!”
Seeing Wu Dong’s appearance, he had great respect for the old man and carefully helped him over!
“Wu Dong, it’s only because of your father’s face, otherwise I would never be running around at this age, I’m helping you with your eyes this time, and I should retire!”
That Pei Lao said with an unhappy face!
“Elder Pei, if you retire, it will be a great loss to our gambling community!”
Wu Dong hastily complimented him!
“I’m old, my health is failing!” Pei Lao waved his hand: “But I heard that this time the quantity is very large, even if we look at your father’s face, the fee cannot be too small, at least this amount!”
That Pei Lao stretched out a finger and gestured towards Wu Dong!
“One million is not too much, Pei Lao is worth that!” Wu Dong hurriedly said.
“What one million?” Pei Lao’s face turned cold: “It’s ten million!”
“Ten million?” Wu Dong was so shocked that his eyes widened.
“What, is it too much for you? I do know that you are coming with Heng Shan stones this time, if they are all good, how much money can you make, do I need to tell you?”
That Pei Lao said coldly to Wu Dong.
“Fine, ten million then ten million ……” Wu Dong gritted his teeth!
After helping Pei Lao to a chair to rest, Wu Dong walked to Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, this Pei Lao is an old man in the gambling world, we will ask him to have an eye on the raw stones we buy, it’s not that I don’t trust Mr. Chen, I hope Mr. Chen won’t misunderstand!”
“No harm!” Chen Ping smiled faintly.