Zou Qi froze for a moment, but followed Qi Peijia!
It was only when Qi Peijia and the others left that Fire Phoenix and Bai Shao’s hanging heart relaxed!
The two siblings, Sheng Jiahui and Sheng Jiayue, were also sweating profusely at this moment!
They had heard of the Heavenly Underworld Gang, and they were afraid that the Heavenly Underworld Gang would make a sudden move!
Now that the other party didn’t say anything and suddenly left, it gave the siblings the feeling of having been robbed of their lives!
The two of them, Sheng Jiahui and Sheng Jiayue, looked at Fire Phoenix and Bai Shao, they guessed that the other party didn’t say anything and turned around and left, they must be afraid of these two!
After all, Bai Shallow’s strength was the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, not that easy to deal with!
“Fire Phoenix, why did they leave?”
Bai Shao asked with some confusion!
“How would I know!” The Fire Phoenix was also a bit confused at the moment!
She had thought that when Qi Peijia saw her, he would definitely be furious and take action against himself!
After all, some time ago, she had just asked the Monkey King and the few of them to teach Qi Peijia a lesson!
Thinking of this, Fire Phoenix suddenly brightened up, the corners of her mouth smiled, she knew why Qi Peijia and the others left without saying a word!
That Qi Peijia must have mistakenly thought that the Monkey King, Lion King and the others were still by his side, that’s why he didn’t dare to make a move and quickly left!
But now that Qi Peijia and the others had left, it didn’t mean that the danger was lifted!
Chen Ping and the others hadn’t come out yet, if they came out and encountered them, then Qi Peijia would definitely not hesitate to make a move!
After all, it was Chen Ping that Qi Peijia was after!
Right now, Fire Phoenix could only wait for Chen Ping to come out, then tell him the situation and leave this place as soon as possible!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, who was cultivating, felt that the immortal qi around him was gradually thinning out, and when he opened his eyes to look, he found that all those immortal grasses had already withered, and that the lines on the Spirit Beast’s egg were emitting a piercing light!
“Could it be that this spirit beast egg is about to hatch?”
Chen Ping was very excited inside!
However, Chen Ping had waited for half a day, but he found that the spirit beast egg was motionless, and the piercing light gradually faded away!
“sh*t, after absorbing so much Immortal Qi, it hasn’t even hatched yet, what the hell is this thing in here?”
Chen Ping was a bit speechless, and was tempted to use his divine sense to test it out, but when he thought of the multicoloured light emanating from that Spirit Beast Egg, Chen Ping put a stop to that thought!
This is going to let again let people discover this place, it is estimated that there will be quite a lot of trouble behind it again!
Chen Ping could only put the Spirit Beast Egg back into his storage ring and walked out!
When Chen Ping’s figure appeared, the disappearing building surprisingly followed suit!
At this moment, that Sheng Bushi as well as the Grand Elder and the others also came out!
Only, the Sheng Family had quite a few people injured this time!
“Damn, this looks like an ordinary old building, I didn’t expect there to be formations inside, injuring quite a few people.”
“But fortunately, after breaking the formation, I got a set of talismanic spells ……”
The Grand Elder took out an ancient book that had long since yellowed, which detailed the use of a set of talismanic spells!
“Let me take a look ……” Sheng Bushi’s face was filled with shock as he hurriedly took it over and looked at it carefully!
After a while, Sheng Bushi was so excited that he directly knelt on the ground and kowtowed towards that ancient book!
“Hahaha, this is the Heavenly Talisman Sect’s talisman art, we are orthodox, our Sheng family is the orthodox Heavenly Talisman Sect’s heir now ……”
Sheng Bushi thumped and kowtowed a dozen times in a row!
And when the rest of the Sheng Family heard this, they all knelt down on the ground as well!
Even the Grand Elder who had obtained the talismanic spell was filled with a confused look!
Chen Ping was also stunned when he heard the words Heavenly Talisman Sect and said to that Sheng Bushi “Sheng family master, I wonder if I could have a look at it?”
“Of course you can ……”
- Sheng Bushi nodded, then carefully handed that ancient book to Chen Ping!