The distance between the Tianwu Gate and the Miao Village is not far, but the mountain road is rugged, so one can only walk or ride a horse, which is a bit slower.
It was only when it was close to noon that the crowd arrived in front of the Tianwu Gate mountain gate.
At this moment, in front of the Tian Wu Men mountain gate, there were surprisingly hundreds of young girls gathered, and these people were not Tian Wu Men disciples, there were many Tian Wu Men followers and some nearby residents, all these girls gathered in front of the mountain gate, it was very crowded!
Chen Ping was a bit puzzled, how could so many women gather in front of the Heavenly Martial Sect?
The procession to welcome the bride was blocked from entering the mountain gate at all.
Just at this moment, a Grand Patriarch shouted from the watchtower above the mountain gate, “The bridal party is returning, everyone make way ……”
The Grand Master’s Qi sank into his dantian, and this shout was louder than shouting with a loud speaker. Everyone turned around and dodged to the sides after seeing the bridal party.
When many girls saw that Xia Chao was dressed in red, they all shouted as if they had gone mad.
And when Xia Chao saw so many girls, a smug smile appeared on his face.
“Is this Xia Chao so liked by girls?”
Chen Ping was a little puzzled.
Although this Xia Chao was indeed quite handsome, he wasn’t a big star, so why were so many girls chasing after him?
Hearing the girls’ shouts, Xiao Lan, who was sitting inside the sedan chair, slightly lifted the curtain of the sedan chair and glanced out.
When the girls saw Xiao Lan in the sedan chair, they were all envious and they wished they were inside the sedan chair.
When the bridal party entered the mountain gate, the Grand Master of the mountain gate spoke again, “Today is the day of our Young Master’s wedding, so the mountain gate is open and you are all allowed to bathe in the pool prepared for you. Don’t run around, or don’t blame my Heavenly Martial Sect for not showing mercy ……”
The grand master’s words were just finished when hundreds of girls shouted and swarmed in, unable to stop them even if they wanted to.
And the moment Chen Ping stepped into the Heavenly Martial Sect, the spiritual energy around him suddenly became dense all of a sudden, which caused the sweat hairs all over Chen Ping’s body to explode as he desperately sucked in the dense spiritual energy.
“How could there be such a dense spiritual qi here? Could it really be a spiritual spring?”
Chen Ping had long been restless inside at this moment, wanting to go and see what the spring was really like.
But Chen Ping knew that if he ran around at this time, he would easily be discovered, so it would be better to wait for a while when the wedding was attended and the crowd was drawn to it, and he was going to check out the so-called spiritual spring secretly.
Soon, Chen Ping and the others arrived at a large hall of the Heavenly Martial Sect. The hall was huge, covering thousands of square metres, and the decoration was grand, except that the auspicious time had not yet arrived, so everyone was resting in the hall for the time being, and they would pay their respects when the auspicious time arrived!
After whispering a few words to the head of the Great Council, Xia Chao left straight away, while Chen Ping also took the opportunity to slip out!
“Young master, it’s all ready, those girls are still happily soaking in the bath ……”
Just after Xia Chao walked out of the main hall, the Grand Master who had just spoken at the mountain gate whispered in Xia Chao’s ear.
“Hm!” The corner of Xia Chao’s mouth lifted, “After I have absorbed the Yin Qi from these girls, and after I use this natural charming body of Xiao Lan, I will definitely be able to make a breakthrough, by then my father will not even be my match ……”
Xia Chao finished speaking and slowly walked towards a mountain peak behind the great hall.
After Chen Ping slipped out of the great hall, he also followed the guidance of the aura and headed towards the back of the great hall.
At this moment, at the mountain peak behind the great hall, a huge natural spring pond appeared, while upward was a spring that was only a few dozen square feet in size, constantly bubbling outward, and the water that emerged was stored in this spring pond.