“Senior Brother Bai, other than this method, is there no other way to leave this haunted place?”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
“Of course there is!”White Chicory said!
“What way is it? Tell me quickly!”As soon as Chen Ping heard that there was another way, he hurriedly asked happily!
He didn’t want to be stuck here, and he didn’t know how many years would pass when he finished learning these divine patterns!
“You can go to your master, as long as he agrees for you to leave, you will of course be able to leave as well.”
White Chicory said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was like a deflated ball of leather, “I’ve seen him except when I came here, where has he been these past few days.”
“Where is he now? Senior brother take me to see ……”
“I don’t know where Senior is either, I guess he’s playing chess with the Formation Demon!”White Chicory shook his head!
“Playing chess?”Chen Ping’s face was full of confusion, “Didn’t you say that Master Zun was a rival following the Formation Demon? Why are they still playing chess together ah.”
“Who said that you can’t play chess with your opponents, they are just opponents, not enemies, there is no hatred of killing a father and taking a wife, it’s just two array geniuses being jealous of each other!”
White Chicory said!
Chen Ping was also speechless when he heard this, but he could only resign himself to his fate and stopped saying anything, instead he silently went to practice the divine patterns!
All of these divine patterns were placed in various locations on the mountain, but Chen Ping had already condensed his innate divine pattern, so without being told, Chen Ping was able to find the locations of the other divine patterns!
Chen Ping casually grabbed a jade slip that recorded divine patterns and then began to carve them according to the divine patterns on it!
However, very soon, Chen Ping was surprised to find that there was actually thunder power in this divine pattern!
That is, the formation carved out by this divine pattern would erupt with the power of thunder and attack those who entered the formation!
At this, Chen Ping became excited within!
The divine pattern that was inscribed at the beginning did not have any other power, that should be the most basic divine pattern, and it was also used to condense the innate divine pattern and follow the divine pattern to become one!
And it was these later divine patterns that were similar to enhanced divine patterns that contained other powers!
Chen Ping changed again, and surprisingly found that there was wind power within the Divine Patterns, and the power contained within each Divine Pattern jade slip was surprisingly different!
There were even divine patterns that contained the power of illusion within them, which should be the divine patterns of illusion formations!
To the fire divine pattern, the water divine pattern …………
The sheer variety of divine patterns surprised Chen Ping!
He had never thought that a formation divine pattern would contain such a wide variety of powers within it!
If one learnt all the divine patterns, wouldn’t one be able to master many kinds of power?
Although these powers could only be used within the formation and there was no way to invoke them individually, it was still enough!
What’s more, Chen Ping had opened the Origin Space, and many of the heavy powers had also sensed the Origin, so with the addition of these powers in the Divine Patterns, wouldn’t the power be doubled?
Chen Ping did not dare to have the slightest delay, and began to quickly inscribe the divine pattern!
If he had known that this was the case, why would Chen Ping have run just now?
Seeing Chen Ping’s dedication to inscribing divine patterns, White Chicory left with a faint smile!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was completely devoted to inscribing the divine pattern, and in just over an hour, Chen Ping had actually learnt the Thunder divine pattern!
This was also related to Chen Ping’s mastery of the power of thunder, so when it came to learning the divine pattern, the speed was obviously much faster!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping began to selectively learn the Supreme Fire Divine Pattern, and the learning was also very fast!
In the end, after spending five hours, Chen Ping had actually learnt three divine patterns!
Moreover, Chen Ping had his own way of learning, seeing the power in the divine pattern, which he already possessed, then he would begin to learn to inscribe it!
If he didn’t have it, he would carve the divine pattern once, remember it in his mind, and then go search for other divine patterns!
In this way, even if he left this place, the divine patterns that he hadn’t learnt were all inside his head, and he could learn them at any time!