Because it was too outrageous, they hadn’t seen anything so outrageous even after living for thousands of years!
“Alright, after waiting for a bit, if after an hour, that Bai Cheng still can’t bring the person, then we’ll just ask for the offence!”
General Xing waved his hand and said!
Just as General Xing’s words were finished, Bai Cheng arrived with Chen Ping!
“General, Mr Chen has arrived ……”
Bai Cheng said!
When General Xing and the many guest ministers saw Chen Ping for the first time, they all showed some disappointment!
This was because although Chen Ping was a dragon race, he looked too ordinary and did not have that noble word of a dragon race!
However, Chen Ping still did have the ninth grade strength of the Transition Realm!
Chen Ping swept a glance at the people in the hall, all of them were cultivators of the Mahayana realm!
Among them, General Xing was the highest, with a Mahayana Realm 8th Grade, while the others were only in the 4th or 5th Grade!
However, the lowest one was at the third rank of the Mahayana realm, so it was evident that the guest ministers under this General Xing’s hand were not weak!
“Are you of the Dragon Race?”General Xing asked!
Chen Ping nodded, “Not bad!”
“I wonder if you can emit some of your dragon breath for us to probe?”
General Xing continued to ask!
Chen Ping did not say anything, instead, he exuded a divine dragon power, and along with the eruption of the divine dragon power, a dragon roar was faintly heard in the hall!
Chen Ping had only restrained himself from bursting out a little bit of Divine Dragon Power, not all of it, and even less of it had triggered the Golden Dragon behind him to appear!
No matter what time of the day it was, hiding one’s strength was the main thing!
Chen Ping did not know what General Xing only was, and how could he possibly expose all his strength in front of him!
“Indeed, it is the Dragon Race!”Feeling that surge of divine dragon power, General Xing nodded his head!
All the other guest ministers were also able to feel the Dragon Race aura within Chen Ping’s body, and that made it certain that Chen Ping was of the Dragon Race!
After all, all the people sitting here were beast races, and the dragon race was the noblest amongst the beast races, so there was an instant change in the attitude of the people towards Chen Ping!
However, the crowd was still sceptical that Chen Ping, a cultivator of the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, would be able to defeat that fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm in Bai Cheng!
Even if it was the Dragon Clan, there was no way they could have this kind of ability to cross over so many levels at once!
“I heard that you were able to defeat the Mahayana realm fourth rank at the ninth rank of the Ferrying realm?”
General Xing asked!
“At that time, Fellow Daoist Bai was just admitting to it!”
Chen Ping said modestly!
“I told you so, how could he, a ninth rank of the Transition realm, defeat a fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, it should be that Bai Cheng saw that the other party was a real Dragon Race and directly wimped out, that’s why he lost.”
A Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade guest minister said!
“Definitely not, Mr Chen is being modest, even if I use my full strength, I am not a match for Mr Chen.”
“If you don’t believe me, you can fight with Mr Chen, you are also at the Fourth Grade of the Mahayana Realm realm, you’ll know if you compete!”
Bai Cheng hurriedly explained, fearing that others would think he was lying!
Upon hearing this, that guest minister instantly became interested, “Good, then let’s have a match, I would like to see how powerful a mere ninth rank of the Transition Realm can be!”
“I’m not much powerful, but to beat you, one hand is enough!”
Chen Ping knew that if he did not reveal some strength today, these people would definitely make things difficult at every turn!
After all, in this society of the weak and the strong, only if one’s strength was strong enough would the other party fear and respect them!
However, Chen Ping knew that it was indeed a little difficult for him to easily win against the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm by relying on the power of the Divine Dragon alone!
After all, Chen Ping could not use many of his powers right now, and the only thing he could use was the aura and power of the Beast Race!
There were also some weapons that he could not just take out, which made Chen Ping not confident that he would be able to worship that Mahayana realm fourth ranked guest minister with a single blow!
If it was a half day of stalking, in defeating that guest minister, there would be no shock value!
Moreover, during the fight, perhaps other auras were exposed, and that would not be easy to explain!