That aura just now was emitted by a strong person at the peak of Martial Sect beside Dong Jiahao.
“You’re nonsense, our Martial Alliance tournament has always been fair and impartial, how could we do this!”
Guo Wei immediately reprimanded loudly.
He couldn’t let Dong Jiahao ruin the reputation of the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance!
Otherwise, would the Kyoto Martial Arts Union not be the laughing stock of the martial arts world in the future!
“I’m talking nonsense? You’ve clearly struck, and you still dare to slyly argue? With your breath just now, if you had injured Brother Chen Ping, how could this tournament still be contested?”
Dong Jiahao had a sneer on his face, he had two strong people at the peak of Martial Sect beside himself, so he wasn’t afraid of that Guo Wei in the slightest.
Guo Wei’s face was red from the question, he was speechless for a moment, just now he was just faint from anger, he didn’t even think that much.
“Councilor Guo, come back ……”
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan shouted with a gloomy face.
Guo Wei could only retract his breath and turned around and leapt back to Zhu Zhishan’s side.
Guo Wei walked back, while Dong Jiahao swept his gaze across the week and said, “Today I Dong Jiahao put my words here, a fair and just match is fine, if anyone dares to play smart behind the scenes and secretly help that Long Xiao, I Dong Jiahao will never sit idly by, I hate those despicable people the most …… ”
After Dong Jiahao finished speaking, he directly placed his gaze on the alliance leader Zhu Zhishan, which made Zhu Zhishan furious, but in front of so many people, he couldn’t afford to get angry!
“Brother Chen Ping, don’t worry and do it boldly, no one will dare to play small tricks behind your back!”
Dong Jiahao looked at Chen Ping and patted him on the shoulder and said.
“Brother Dong, thank you ……”
Chen Ping was grateful to Dong Jiahao, after all, with the strength of the Dong family, there was no use for him, Chen Ping, right now, and the reason why Dong Jiahao helped him like this was also because Dong Jiahao himself couldn’t see what the Martial Alliance was doing in relation to it!
The two of them were sympathetic to each other, and Dong Jiahao was a straightforward person, so he would be a good friend to have.
Chen Ping made a leap and got himself on top of the ring, and then put his eyes on Long Xiao this time.
“Come down and suffer death ……”
Chen Ping’s body was riddled with killing intent, remembering his mother, Chen Ping could not wait to kill all the Long family members in front of him!
“I think it’s you who will suffer death!”
Long Xiao snorted coldly and looked towards Long Jingguo, “Dad, I’m going down.”
“En, be careful yourself, remember my words, you can’t take any of your opponents lightly.”
Long Jingguo nodded and said.
The aura on Long Xiao’s body instantly erupted, followed by a leap to Chen Ping, his terrifying aura directly surrounded Chen Ping.
The two faced each other with all eyes, and the air seemed to be bursting with sparks of collision.
“You are indeed strong, but when you meet me, I will let you know what true talent is.”
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping with disdain and laughed lightly.
“Talent?” Chen Ping let out a cold laugh, “That’s not talent, that’s pride on your part, but I will let you know the price that pride pays.”
“What else do you know besides being a smooth talker? Today I will let you see yourself ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, the aura on his body instantly surged, followed by a faint blue aura wrapping around his body.
Immediately afterwards, Long Xiao’s body soared into the sky and then disappeared from the sight of the crowd, leaving only a faint blue imprint in the air.
The crowd hurriedly raised their heads to look for Long Xiao’s figure, but they could not find it at all.
“Can this Long Xiao hardly be able to go up to heaven and enter the earth?”
Someone couldn’t help but say in surprise.
At this moment, however, a faint smile appeared at the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth, followed by a burst of golden light flooding his body, and soon Chen Ping was standing in the middle of the ring as if he was a golden-armored warrior!
No matter how fast Long Xiao was, his final aim was still to attack Chen Ping, so Chen Ping unleashed his Unbreakable Golden Body and simply resisted Long Xiao’s attack.