At the same time, in a secret room of the Zheng family, there was an old man sitting in front of Zheng An Guo, and looking at Zheng An Guo’s respectful look, one could tell that this old man’s identity was not simple!
“Master Wan, I wonder how your deduction is going?”
Zheng Anguo cautiously asked to the old man.
The old man frowned and said with a cold expression, “Keep your mouth shut while I’m deducing ……”
After saying that, that old man got up and walked out of the secret room, followed by scattering a handful of black stones in his hand into the courtyard!
The black stones actually shone with a faint light under the sunlight!
“The number of heavenly derivation is the righteousness of the Great Dao, I, disciple Wan Hong, implore the ancestor to deduce the heavenly dao ……”
After the old man finished speaking, he respectfully actually started kowtowing to those black stones in front of him!
Each stone, kowtowing a head, for dozens of times!
Zheng An Guo watched from the side, and did not dare to be born.
But at this time, Zheng Kai suddenly burst into the courtyard: “Dad, you said …………”
Just rushing into the courtyard, Zheng Kai saw that inside the courtyard were black stones, and there was an old man who was constantly kowtowing, which made Zheng Kai full of confusion!
And this Zheng Kai’s sudden intrusion caused Zheng An Guo to be instantly startled, and he quickly waved his hand for Zheng Kai to leave!
But it was already too late, only to see that Wan Hong raised his head and a cold aura emerged from his eyes!
Feeling that Wan Hong’s eyes, Zheng Kai’s body couldn’t help but tremble!
Whoosh whoosh ……
Suddenly, the black stones on the ground suddenly shot out towards Zheng Kai like a sharp weapon!
Zheng Kai, as a Martial Marquis, would not wait for death, only to see a white mist erupt from his body, instantly wrapping his entire body!
Boom boom boom …………
The stone hit Zheng Kai’s body, and Zheng Kai’s entire body instantly flew backwards as a mouthful of blood gushed out!
“Master Wan, have mercy ……”
Seeing this, Zheng Anguo’s body leapt up and directly blocked Zheng Kai’s front.
“This art of deduction, which violates the heavenly dao and spies on the heavenly opportunity, to barge in at this time, is it because you want me to die?”
Wan Hong’s face was very ugly as he roared.
“Master Wan, my dog’s son is ignorant, and it is also my fault for not informing, I still hope Master Wan will not be blamed!”
Zheng Anguo apologised to that Wan Hong.
Zheng Kai, on the other hand, covered his chest and looked at Zheng An Guo in confusion, “Dad, who is this old man? How come he is still so arrogant in our house, hitting me with his hands to reward me?”
Zheng Kai did not understand how his father, as the Lord of South Lake City, could be so timid and fearful!
It was enough to be afraid of that Chen Ping, but now he was even afraid of an old man!
“b*****d, shut up!” Zheng Anguo glared at Zheng Kai and said, “This is Grandmaster Wan Hong Wan, quickly apologise to Grandmaster Wan.”
Zheng An Guo told Zheng Kai to apologize to Wan Hong, but before Zheng Kai could open his mouth, that Wan Hong waved his hand and said, “Forget it, since it was disturbed, it is God’s will, God’s will cannot be violated, you’d better ask another master ……”
After saying that, Wan Hong waved his hand, those black stones actually all returned to Wan Hong’s hand!
Seeing that Wan Hong was about to leave, Zheng Anguo hurriedly stepped forward and said, “Master Wan, it is indeed our fault, beg you to deduce once more, I can pay you double the price.”
Zheng An Guo begged at Wan Hong, but that Wan Hong didn’t seem to have any intention of staying!
“Master Zheng, the number of heavenly derivation is not a child’s play to be casually deduced for fun, but I can tell you that the chance I mentioned some time ago will appear in three days, and the place where it appears will be a hundred miles west of the city.”
“Exactly what this chance will be for you, I wouldn’t know, I can’t be bothered to deduce it a second time.”
“But I can tell you for sure that this is a great chance, if you succeed, you will increase your strength greatly, if not, you are afraid of having your life killed.”
When Wan Hong finished speaking, he paid no attention to Zheng An Guo, but simply left!