Blood spurted out of the mouths of the three men, a mist of blood spilling onto the ground in the shape of a disc directly above.
The three men broke another arm at the same time, and the intense pain made the three men’s faces grim.
The blood that flowed from the broken arm was painted in a pattern by the three men in a regular manner!
Rumble …………
Suddenly the ground shook, followed by smoke rising, along with the smoke disappearing, a huge figure appeared in front of Chen Ping.
“What the hell is this?”
Looking at the thing in front of him, Chen Ping could not help but gulp.
He only saw that it was a huge ferocious beast, several metres tall, revealing sharp teeth that were strangely shaped and could not be seen as any kind of animal.
As soon as the ferocious beast appeared, it sniffed at the blood on the ground, then opened its mouth and swallowed one of the three men in black straight away.
The other two were generally dumb with fear, standing motionless in place.
They watched as they were eaten by the ferocious beast.
Only then did Chen Ping understand what Watanabe Ichiro meant by that sacrifice, it turned out that he was using the lives of these three people to invoke such a thing against himself.
“You even forced me to sacrifice the Heaven Swallowing Beast, I will never spare you all today ……”
Watanabe Ichiro gritted his teeth, even if he could kill Chen Ping and all of these today, Watanabe Ichiro knew that he would definitely be punished when he returned.
Three sacrificial masters of the Watanabe family were sacrificed out by him like this, even if he was the youngest master of the Watanabe family, it would be hard to escape this living crime.
But right now Watanabe Ichiro didn’t care about that, he wanted Chen Ping dead now, that was the only thing he had in mind.
“Roar …………”
The Heaven Swallowing Beast, which had eaten the three people, did not seem to have had enough at all, and its copper bell-like eyes stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare.
Chen Ping’s face became grave as he looked at the Heaven Swallowing Beast in front of him, his brows furrowed together.
The strength of this Heaven Swallowing Beast in front of him was afraid that it had already reached the realm of a Fifth Grade Martial Sect, and it would be somewhat difficult to deal with it.
One should know that these vicious beasts were different from martial artists, no matter in terms of strength and physical toughness, these vicious beasts were much stronger than martial artists.
A vicious beast with the strength of a fifth-grade Martial Sect following a fifth-grade Martial Sect in a battle, it would definitely be the vicious beast that won, without a doubt.
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body constantly flickered, the Incorruptible Golden Body was brought into play to its fullest extent, facing such a behemoth, Chen Ping did not dare to be a bit careless.
“Roar ……”
The Heaven Swallowing Beast let out a roar as its body quickly charged towards Chen Ping.
The Heaven Swallowing Beast was extremely fast, and it reached Chen Ping in the blink of an eye. Chen Ping swept out with the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, looking at the leg of the Heaven Swallowing Beast.
But with a burst of fire, Chen Ping’s sword failed to hurt the Heaven Swallowing Beast, and was instead slapped by its claws.
Chen Ping’s body was directly jerked out of the way and hit a big tree with a fierce impact.
Chen Ping rubbed his chest, his brows knitted together.
With this blow just now, if Chen Ping did not have the Incorruptible Golden Body to protect his body, he would have been slapped into mush.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not have the slightest power to fight back in front of the Heaven Swallowing Beast, Watanabe Ichiro shouted excitedly, “Eat him, eat him for me ……”
“Roar ……”
Once again, the Heaven Swallowing Beast roared and charged at Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not dare to fight hard, he could only condense his spiritual energy on his feet and desperately followed the Heaven Swallowing Beast around.
However, this Heaven Swallowing Beast was too fast, and it was chasing Chen Ping relentlessly. If things went on like this, Chen Ping’s spiritual energy would run out sooner or later.
At that time, Chen Ping would really become the belly of this Heaven Swallowing Beast.
Just as Chen Ping was getting anxious, a white shadow suddenly flashed past, followed by a scream from the Heaven Swallowing Beast.
Chen Ping hurriedly stopped and turned around to look at it.