Seeing that Ning Zhi was surprisingly fine at all, all of the demonic cultivators were shocked!
“Eunuch Ning, this …………”
The green-clothed cultivator looked at Ning Zhi incredulously!
“This Dead Sea is merely due to the fire in the centre of the earth, causing the temperature to be too high, and as long as one is contaminated with this seawater, they will instantly be turned into white bones.”
“However, those who possess a fire origin or have cultivated a fire technique will not be afraid of the temperature of this Dead Sea.”
“Don’t forget guys, I’m now a member of the Inferno Demon lineage, and what I’m best at is Supreme Fire!”
Ning Zhi said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised in a very smug manner!
The many demonic cultivators all bowed their heads at the moment, having seen Ning Zhi’s true abilities!
While they could only be considered the lackeys of the Demon Sealing Alliance, Ning Zhi was different;Ning Zhi represented the Yan Demon lineage and followed the Demon Sealing Alliance to co-operate!
That was why Ning Zhi was acting so strong, and why these devil cultivators were treating Ning Zhi with respect!
“Bad, these demonic cultivators are looking for them ……”
Chen Ping tilted his head and looked above, through the layers of seawater mist, he was able to detect that Ning Zhi’s aura.
Although Chen Ping had used the formation to conceal his aura, and it was indeed difficult for Ning Zhi and the others to find it, but he knew that the other party was able to find this place, so it definitely would not be a coincidence!
Especially since Ning Zhi had just entered the Dead Sea as well, this proved that the Dead Sea did not have any obstacles for Ning Zhi either!
“These demonic cultivators shouldn’t be able to discover us, right? After all, we’re at the bottom of the sea, none of them would have thought of it.”
As soon as Zhu Qingxiu heard that those demonic cultivators were coming, she whispered!
“Someone can think of it, we have to leave now.”
Chen Ping knew that that fellow, Ning Zhi, must have thought that he would be hiding at the bottom of the sea!
Otherwise, Ning Zhi wouldn’t have gone deep into the Dead Sea, but in that case, Chen Ping also understood that that Ning Zhi also possessed the Devil’s Supreme Fire to be unafraid of this Dead Sea!
“Those devil cultivators are still up there, how can we leave?”
“With just a slight movement, the scent on our body is probably going to be exposed.”
Zhu Qingxiu said!
Although the Dead Sea could isolate these people, making them not dare to go down to the sea, however, it could not isolate their breath, if they moved, their breath would definitely be detected by the other party!
At that time, when they were locked by the other party’s divine sense, they still couldn’t escape, they couldn’t stay at the bottom of the sea for the rest of their lives!
“It’s fine, for the sake of exposure, as long as that Ning Zhi enters the Dead Sea, we will have a chance to rush out!”
Chen Ping was trying to trick that Ning Zhi into going inside the Dead Sea, when that time came, he would be able to bring Zhu Qingxiu to break out of the Dead Sea and escape!
Those remaining devil cultivators were not capable of stopping Chen Ping!
There was only this fellow, Ning Zhi, who was very difficult to deal with, and they were also too familiar with each other!
Just as Chen Ping left the formation with Zhu Qingxiu and swam forwards at the bottom of the sea, he was instantly probed by Ning Zhi and the other demonic cultivators!
“In the sea, they’re really in the sea, I’ve detected their aura.”
After the green-clothed cultivator detected Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu’s aura, he immediately shouted in excitement!
Ning Zhi also locked onto Chen Ping’s and their location at the first time, and then plunged headlong into the Dead Sea!
The rest of those demonic cultivators spread out and guarded a hundred kilometres of the surface of the Dead Sea!
Chen Ping had also long been keeping an eye on Ning Zhi, and at the moment Ning Zhi entered the water, Chen Ping pulled Zhu Qingxiu and swam quickly towards the surface of the sea!
Just the moment Chen Ping rushed out of the sea with Zhu Qingxiu, he was immediately spotted by a demonic cultivator!
“Still want to run ……”
The demonic cultivator shouted and came straight towards Chen Ping and the others!
However, Chen Ping didn’t care and took Zhu Qingxiu with him just to escape with the fastest speed possible!
While escaping, Chen Ping raised his hand and struck out a golden light, the Golden Origin wrapping around his and Zhu Qingxiu’s bodies!
At the same time, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body activated, he was intending to resist the opponent’s attack without fighting back!