“I’m holding General Xing’s token, I’m already General Xing’s guest secretary, you still dare to touch me, aren’t you afraid of General Xing’s blame?”
Chen Ping asked in a cold voice!
“Hahaha, what am I afraid of, that Xing is nothing, even if I kill you, what can he do to me?”
“If he dares to touch me, my father will directly get him killed ……”
Qiu Yu laughed loudly, not afraid of that General Xing in the slightest!
Chen Ping saw that using General Xing could not threaten that Qiu Yu at all, it looked like General Xing’s strength and status was not the highest among the three beast generals!
“You think that with just a few of you, you can also seek revenge on me?”
Chen Ping glanced at the people that Qiu Yu had brought with him and said with a disdainful smile.
A few Mahayana Realm Third Grade cultivators, Chen Ping simply did not place them in his eyes.
“Don’t you fucking talk big, if it wasn’t for my carelessness, I wouldn’t have been beaten by you, today I’m going to clean you up before throwing you inside the prison!”
Qiu Yu said with an angry face!
As soon as Qiu Yu’s words fell, he took the lead, only to see a flash of light in his hand, a sword emitting a biting cold aura appeared in his hand, the runes on the sword body flickered, containing a powerful force.
His figure was like electricity, instantly rushing towards Chen Ping, the sword in his hand pulled out a sword flower, stabbing towards Chen Ping’s vitals.
However, Chen Ping was not panicked, his footsteps gently staggered, his figure strangely flickered, and he easily dodged Qiu Yu’s attack.
Qiu Yu’s blow fell short, his heart was furious, the sword in his hand waved again, a sword qi shot out from the sword, like a sharp blade, swept towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping laughed coldly, his hands quickly formed a seal, reciting words under his breath, only to see a layer of transparent shield appearing in front of him, those sword qi impacted on the shield, instantly turned into a bit of light and dissipated.
“With this much skill, how dare you come to seek revenge on me?”Chen Ping mocked.
Seeing this, the few cultivators behind Qiu Yu glanced at each other and cast their own stunts.
One of the cultivators waved his hands, and the sky was filled with dark clouds, and a thunderbolt split down from the dark clouds, blasting towards Chen Ping.
Another cultivator spewed out a mouthful of flame, which instantly transformed into a huge fire snake that lunged towards Chen Ping with its bloody mouth open.
There was also a cultivator whose hand .A huge axe appeared, light shining above the axe, he swung it with force, and a huge axe awn chopped towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping remained calm and collected against the attacks of the crowd.
He made seals with both hands once again and shouted under his breath, “Break!”Only to see the shield in front of him shine brightly, those thunderbolts, fire snakes and axe manes impacted on the shield and immediately let out a roar, but they were unable to break through Chen Ping’s shield.
“Is that all you guys can do?”Chen Ping said disdainfully.
Seeing this, Qiu Yu became even angrier in his heart as he raised his sword in his hand once again and shouted under his breath, “Ice Spirit Sword Rain!”Only to see the sword in his hand swinging towards the sky, the dark clouds in the sky instantly transformed into countless ice swords that poured down towards Chen Ping.
Each of these ice swords contained a powerful force, and the densely packed ice swords smashed towards Chen Ping like rain.
Chen Ping looked at the ice swords falling from the sky, and a hint of disdain flashed in his eyes.
Only to see a powerful flame power suddenly erupt from his body, the flame instantly transformed into a huge Inferno Dragon, circling around Chen Ping.
Those ice swords landed on the inflammatory dragon and were instantly melted into water.
“You …… you’re using a demonic to fire here, you’re not a beast race, you’re a demonic cultivator?”
Seeing the flames erupting around Chen Ping’s body, that Qiu Yu was instantly shocked!
To know that only the Beast Race could enter the Beast City, there were guards at the entrance to check!
Unexpectedly, Chen Ping, a Devil Cultivator, had escaped the check and blended into the Beast City!