If that Zhu Ling didn’t know the way to the fusion of the Supreme Flame, she would have to go see the old Sect Master!
Elder Yu had received money for his work, and had to do it for himself!
‘In fact, if I think of a way, I can also let you meet the old sect master, only that the old sect master is suffering from a serious illness and is often crazy, so if you go to meet him, if you can’t catch up to the old sect master’s sobriety, it will be useless.’
Elder Yu glanced at Chen Ping and followed him to tell the truth!
‘What? The old Sect Master has gone mad?’ Chen Ping was filled with surprise!
Wasn’t this a f*cking pitfall for himself?
If he had said that the old Sect Master was crazy, Chen Ping might not have come!
And spent so much resources and money!
‘You don’t have to be anxious, the old Sect Master wasn’t always crazy, he was only crazy at times, and I don’t know what the reason was, but suddenly he was like this, and it was because of this reason that the old Sect Master was forced to retire, and made Huo Yuanting the Acting Sect Master.’
Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, Elder Yu hurriedly explained!
Wei Qing on the side was puzzled, how come the master was still explaining up after his disciple?
Could it be that?
Wei Qing glanced at Elder Yu and Chen Ping and also probably guessed what was going on!
Just by looking at Chen Ping’s generous outburst, he probably didn’t spend a lot of money on Elder Yu to bring him into the Purple Flame Sect!
‘Acting Sect Master? Isn’t that Huo Yuanting still the real alliance leader?’
Chen Ping asked curiously!
‘Of course not, the real Sect Master needs the Divine Flame Seal to recognise the Lord, right now that Huo Yuanting doesn’t have the Divine Flame Seal.’
‘Before the old Sect Master went mad, it seems like there were signs, so he put the Divine Flame Seal in the Divine Volcano ahead of time, now that the Divine Volcano isn’t open, that Huo Yuan Ting won’t be able to get the Divine Flame Seal.’
‘We’ve always suspected that the old Sect Master’s illness, followed by Huo Yuan Ting has something to do with it, only without evidence, it’s hard to say anything!’
Elder Yu explained in detail!
‘Divine Flame Seal? Divine Fire Mountain? What is all this?’
‘And this place is a desert, I don’t see any mountains either?’
Chen Ping said with great confusion!
Elder Yu then smiled and said, ‘You’ll know when the Divine Volcano opens.’
‘But after the old Sect Master went mad, only Elder Cui was able to use the array disc to open the Divine Volcano, Elder Cui is a person . Impartial and upright, he won’t be able to open it easily.’
‘Otherwise, that Huo Yuan Ting would have already allowed Elder Cui to open the Divine Volcano to seize the Divine Flame Seal.’
Chen Ping did not expect that the Purple Flame Sect had so many secrets!
‘Could it be though that anyone, as long as they get the Divine Flame Seal, could be the Purple Flame Sect Master?’
Chen Ping asked!
‘Of course not, one must let the Divine Flame Seal recognise the Lord, to become the Master of the Purple Flame Sect, in addition to obtaining the Divine Flame Seal, one must also possess the two types of Supreme Flame of the Purple Flame Sect, this one condition alone makes many people not qualified enough to know that many Elders don’t have a hold of the top secret Supreme Flame yet.’
‘Possessing the two kinds of supreme flames, one must also make the Divine Flame Seal recognise the owner before they can do so, as for the method of recognition, this is even more confidential, I don’t even know, think about it what’s the use of other people getting the Divine Flame Seal?’
Elder Yu said.
Wei Qing listened to the dialogue between Chen Ping and Elder Yu, his entire being was amazed because there were many things that he, a deacon disciple, did not know!
It was tantamount to the secrets of the Purple Flame Sect, but now Elder Yu had actually told Chen Ping all of them!
From this, it could be seen that the benefits Chen Ping had given Elder Yu were more than enough!
‘In that case, only if that Huo Yuanting gets the Divine Flame Seal, can he become the Sect Master?’
After all, Huo Yuanting was now the Sect Master and also knew about the Top Secret to Fire, as for getting the Divine Flame Seal to recognise his master, I believe he knew about it as well!
‘That’s not necessarily true, the old Sect Master’s daughter, your Senior Sister Zhu Ling is also qualified, it’s just that right now Zhu Ling’s strength is lacking, so she’s always cultivating and doesn’t see people easily.’
‘Especially after the old sect master went crazy, Zhu Ling is even more diligent, soaking in the spirit pool all day long, if it wasn’t for my status, you wouldn’t even want to see her.’
Elder Yu said!