Looking at the Seal of Zhou Tian in front of her, Ji Ru Xue’s face turned incomparably white!
The other people in the Red Lotus Palace also turned pale.
Xiao Min, on the other hand, hid closely behind Ji Ru Xue.
“Where’s Chen Ping? Tell him to get out, including the guy who sneaked up on me, tell them to get out together ……”
Zhou Tianyin looked at Ji Ruxue and roared in a voice like a torrent of thunder.
“Chen Ping he …… he is not here anymore!”
Ji Ru Xue said with a trembling voice.
“You fart, I have long sent people to keep an eye on your Red Lotus Palace’s, that Chen Ping has never left at all ……”
Zhou Tianyin’s eyes glared, “You better let that Chen Ping come out right now, or else I will trample down your Red Lotus Palace!”
As Zhou Tianyin finished speaking, a terrifying aura erupted from his body, an invisible momentum of oppression that spread out towards the Red Lotus Palace crowd.
The pressure of a Martial Marquis was terrifying to the extreme!
In an instant, many of the Red Lotus Palace disciples who were lower in strength, spat blood and fell to the ground.
Ji Ru Xue radiated her aura and struggled to resist the oppressive pressure, but with her strength, she was simply powerless to fight back in front of Zhou Tian Yin.
In just an instant, Ji Ru Xue’s resistance crumbled to pieces.
“I am asking you a question, let you Chen Ping out ……”
Zhou Tianyin said coldly to Ji Ruxue.
“Chen Ping, really …… is really not in the Red Lotus Palace, don’t believe me you can search ……”
Ji Ruxue now went where to call out Chen Ping, she did not even know what happened to Chen Ping now.
“Humph, still playing tricks with me ……”
Zhou Tianyin let out a cold snort, followed by a flash of his body and arrived in front of Ji Ruxue.
Reaching out and directly strangling Ji Ruxue’s neck, Ji Ruxue immediately felt difficulty in breathing and her face turned red.
“Let go of my sister ……”
Seeing this, Xiao Min did not know where she got the courage to step forward and slap Zhou Tianyin with her palm.
With a cold flash in his eyes, Zhou Tianyin casually swung his hand and sent Xiaomin flying.
Minnie spat out blood and fell to the ground!
“Xiaomin …………”
Ji Ru Xue saw this and hurriedly shouted with force.
Seeing that Ji Ruxue was so distressed about her sister, Zhou Tianyin let go of her and waved his hands, and with a direct wave of a huge suction force, he sucked Xiao Min into his hands.
“Ji Ru Xue, you go and call out Chen Ping obediently now, or else I can’t guarantee what will happen to your sister ……”
After Zhou Tianyin finished, he actually leaned hard and sniffed at Xiaomin’s neck.
This scared Xiaomin to death!
She could only struggle desperately and cry helplessly ……
“Don’t, don’t …………”
Ji Ru Xue shouted, but her eyes were full of helplessness and fear!
She wasn’t afraid of death, but she could never stand by and watch her sister, being hurt right in front of her eyes!
“If you don’t want your sister to get hurt, then go and call out Chen Ping ……”
Zhou Tianyin gave an ultimatum to Ji Ruxue.
Ji Ru Xue cried helplessly, her hands covering her face, she didn’t know what to do.
She also did not know where to go to find Chen Ping.
Just when Ji Ru Xue was helpless, suddenly a big hand gently rested on her shoulder!
Ji Ru Xue was startled, followed by a familiar sensation coming through.
Ji Ru Xue looked up sharply and found Chen Ping looking at him with a comforting expression.
“Chen Ping …………”
Ji Ruxue felt instantly reliant and instantly jumped into Chen Ping’s arms.
Chen Ping gently stroked Ji Ru Xue’s hair and comforted her!
“Chen Ping, you finally dared to come out of the ……”
Seeing Chen Ping, Zhou Tianyin’s eyes were filled with murderous energy as he said.
“Let Minnie go or I will make your life worse than death ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked coldly at Zhou Tianyin.
“Hahahaha, you brat is too wild, if you didn’t still have helpers to sneak in, you would have died by my hand, what big words are you talking now ……”
Zhou Tianyin laughed loudly.