Feng Sihai made a sideways turn and dodged Tang Long’s punch, after dodging Tang Long, Feng Sihai did not strike, but looked at Gu Mantian and said, “Ancient, I said I don’t want to be your enemy, do you really want to force me?”
Gu Mantian’s face was gloomy and he didn’t say anything!
And that Tang Long was so easily dodged by Feng Sihai, he felt his face was lost, and his heart was furious as he said, “Cut the f*cking crap, take the move!”
Tang Long threw a back swinging punch directly at Feng Sihai, if this punch hit him, his brains would come out!
Feng Sihai’s eyes gaped and his face was furious, “Since that’s the case, I’m not going to be polite!”
After saying that, Feng Sihai grabbed Tang Long’s wrist with a grabbing hand, and then swung a left hook towards Tang Long!
Tang Long’s heart was shocked and his head was slightly tilted to the side, followed by a kick, trying to force Feng Sihai back!
But Feng Sihai didn’t dodge and allowed Tang Long to kick him in the chest, the huge recoil caused Tang Long’s body to be sent flying!
Tang Long managed to stabilise himself, but looking at the surprised expressions of the people around him, he became furious and said, “Feng Sihai, today we must fight to the death!”
With that, Tang Long once again charged towards Feng Sihai!
“Stop!” Just as Tang Long was charging towards Feng Sihai, a figure suddenly appeared in front of Tang Long, directly stopping him!
“You are no match for him, there is no point in fighting, let me do it!”
Chen Ping said as he stopped Tang Long.
Tang Long felt a burst of humiliation and said sternly, “Go aside, with your physique, I’m afraid one punch will kill you!”
At this moment, Tang Long had long since lost his senses and had actually spoken ill of Chen Ping, forgetting his status, which was an existence that even Gu Man Tian respected!
However, Tang Long had not seen Chen Ping’s skills, so in his heart, he did not have much respect for Chen Ping, but only because of Gu Mantian’s face.
Chen Ping was only a young man in his early twenties, even if he had practiced martial arts from his mother’s womb, how powerful could he be?
“Shut up, b*****d, you dare to disrespect Mr. Chen?”
When Gu Mantian saw that Tang Long had even spoken disrespectfully to Chen Ping, he immediately reprimanded!
One must know that Gu Mantian rarely lectured Tang Long, and never treated him as a subordinate, but today this Tang Long actually said something about Chen Ping, how could Gu Mantian dare to let him behave as he pleased!
Tang Long kept his mouth shut, but he didn’t have much respect for Chen Ping in his eyes, he was afraid of Gu Wentian, not Chen Ping!
At this time, Su Yuqi also came up and pulled Chen Ping, “Don’t try to be a hero, can’t you see that even Lin Tianhu and Tang Long are no match? You’re only a medical student, don’t get involved in this!”
Su Yuqi still thought that Chen Ping only knew medicine and nothing else!
“Today is such a suitable occasion, I should perform well, otherwise I, a poor boy, how can I be worthy of you, a thousand-year-old lady!”
When Su Yuqi heard this, her little face was suddenly shy, this was the first time Chen Ping had said such a thing in public!
Wasn’t this the same as confessing to her?
“I don’t care what you look like, I just won’t let you take any chances!”
Su Yuqi pulled on Chen Ping’s arm to stop him from doing anything!
“Back off quickly, fists and feet have no eyes, it’s not your time to show off!”
Tang Long said with a disdainful face when he saw that Chen Ping had come up just to show himself off.
After saying that, Tang Long leapt up once again and attacked towards Feng Sihai!
“Hey, I’ve said you’re no match, yet you just go up and take a beating, what a stubborn b*****d!”
Chen Ping shook his head helplessly!
“Stop it, go back!”
Su Yuqi pulled Chen Ping to sit back down again!
Tang Long leapt up this time, but just before he leaned forward, he was kicked in the chest by Feng Sihai, and blood spilled out of the corner of his mouth!
Gu Wentian and the crowd watching this scene were all shocked.