At this moment, Chen Ping was at the Ge family, not waiting for the four experts from the Long family, Chen Ping knew that he could only find Ge Fuhai if he wanted to get information about the Purple Sky Mansion!
Because Ge Fuhai was also an immortal cultivator, and knew where those immortal cultivation clans were hidden, he should also know about the Purple Sky Mansion!
“Chen Ping, my father is not at home at all, he has been gone for some time, he said he was going to our Ge family land, I don’t know which ……”
Ge Jiayi said to Chen Ping.
“Since the Ge family head is not here, I won’t bother you ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping knew that the Ge family land Ge Fuhai was talking about must be the place where the Ge family’s immortal cultivation family was hidden!
However, since Ge Fuhai was not there, Chen Ping could only wait for a while before saying anything else.
Just as Chen Ping turned around and was about to leave, Ge Jiayi suddenly blushed and said, “Chen Ping, can you …… you stay a little longer? I want to talk to you ……”
Ge Jiayi watched Chen Ping break through and watched Chen Ping kill that Long Xiao, which made Ge Jiayi very shocked!
As the saying goes, beauties love heroes, at this time, Ge Jiayi had already had her heart set on Chen Ping!
She didn’t care if Chen Ping had a girlfriend ……
The fact that Chen Ping could not see what Ge Jiayi meant, but he was not in the mood to talk to Ge Jiayi!
His own mother had been sent to the Purple Sky Mansion, and Chen Ping still didn’t know what his mother would go through, so his heart was racing at the moment!
“Miss Ge, I’m very busy right now, wait until you have time ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he left.
Chen Ping went straight to the Pill God Valley, since he didn’t know where that Violet Sky Mansion was now, he would focus on the Martial Alliance.
Finding a way to save Su Yuqi ……
But when Chen Ping arrived at the Pill God Valley, his entire body was a bit dumbfounded!
Only to see that numerous people from the martial arts world had all come in admiration to join Chen Ping, in the hope of gaining Chen Ping’s shelter!
These people all knew that Chen Ping was the Pill God Valley Master, and many of the people who followed Chen Ping around had joined forces to the Pill God Valley!
So all these people came running!
The Pill God Valley, which used to be avoided by Empty, was now filled with doors!
“Mr. Chen ……”
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping appear in Pill God Valley, many people began to shout frantically.
Among them were also many girls, screaming madly, treating Chen Ping like an idol!
One of the girls, who was wearing a blue dress, was standing at the end of the crowd, quietly looking at Chen Ping.
“Sister Qiu Ju, there’s nothing special about this Chen Ping, is there?”
“He hasn’t grown three heads and six arms either, so why do these girls have to be so crazy?”
“Causing me to run so far with them for nothing ……”
The girl in the blue dress said with a slight disappointment.
This girl was none other than Han Fusheng’s daughter, Han Qing’er. After escaping from the secret realm, Han Qing’er had been going around Kyoto, and everything in Kyoto was new to Han Qing’er.
Then Han Qing’er heard a group of girls talking about Chen Ping and praising him to the heavens, comparing him to a heavenly god!
This aroused Han Qing’er’s curiosity, so she followed along!
But when she actually saw Chen Ping, she was disappointed!
“Miss, these are just some mortals, of course you can’t look at them!”
“I think we’d better go back, or else the House Master and Madam will be anxious after being out for a long time.”
Qiu Ju persuaded Han Qing’er.
“I’m not going back, I want to play for a few more days ……”
Han Qing’er said, bouncing away!
“Miss, it’s dangerous for you to do that!”
Qiu Ju hurriedly chased after her.
“Dangerous what? I see that the guys here are no match for me.”
“Not to mention that you’re still by my side to protect me, who would dare to hit me!”
Han Qing’er wasn’t worried at all.