“Let’s not disturb Eldest Senior Brother in this matter, he is in seclusion, it’s estimated that it won’t take long before he breaks through to the third rank of the Mahayana Realm, when that time comes, Eldest Senior Brother will capture some Mahayana Realm cultivators for us, for the two of us to cultivate.”
Tan Rongkun said to Di Chongjing!
When Di Chongjing heard this, she immediately became excited and said, “Eldest Senior Brother is going to break through to the third rank of the Transition Realm? That’s really great, the cultivation method that master taught us is really good, the rate of improvement is too fast, if we can use the blood and bones of a Mahayana realm cultivator to cultivate, the speed will be even faster.”
“I don’t know what kind of things second senior brother is going to do ah, still need you to personally go ……”
“Do you know about that Mu Qing who followed Eldest Senior Brother to learn the art?”Tan Rongkun asked!
“Of course I know, he is the son of the Mu family, then but followed the eldest senior brother to learn the devil’s power, it is this devil’s power that allowed him to reach the Mahayana realm at a young age, but hasn’t he already left?”
Di Chongjing said!
“That’s right, he has left, but he has an appointment to fight with someone, he should be competing in the next few days, Eldest Senior Brother wasn’t at ease before he closed down, so he asked me to go to South End City to take a look.”
“By the way, let the Mu family in help us send some cultivators over, if it’s not the demonic power taught by Eldest Senior Brother, how could that Mu Qing cultivate so fast.”
Tan Rongkun said!
“Surprisingly, someone followed the Mu family’s male son to compete, he really ate a bear’s heart and leopard’s guts, and this Mu Qing is very gifted, he reached the first rank of the Mahayana realm at a young age, there are a few young people that are his rivals.”
Di Chong Jing didn’t understand who was so stupid to follow Mu Qing in a fight, but just after he finished, he thought of Chen Ping, then continued, “But the kid I met today, his strength is even stronger than that Mu Qing, I just don’t know which family he is from.”
Looking at Di Chong Jing’s appearance, Tan Rongkun only thought that he was scared, so he waved his hand and said, “Fourth Senior Brother, you quickly go and rest for a while, and then let someone help you reshape your physical body, fortunately we have the Heavenly Demon Stones in our hands, and it’s not that difficult to reshape the Divine Soul of a strength like yours!”
“Alright then, second senior brother be careful, I’ll go!”
Di Chongjing nodded, then walked into the main hall, preparing to go remould his flesh body!
He didn’t even know that the person who followed Mu Qing in the match was none other than Chen Ping who almost took his life today!
Of course, Tan Rongkun did not know either, and after settling Di Chongjing down, he brought two of his disciples to rush to South End City!
At this time, Chen Ping, however, followed Ji Yun in the blimp and slowly landed on top of the square in South End City!
Just after landing, there were people from the Wan Tong Pavilion who came!
After all, all the airships in this place were controlled by the Wan Tong Pavilion, and most of them were the airships of the Wan Tong Pavilion that carried people here!
When Chen Ping stepped down from the blimp, he saw that the person who came to meet him was actually the Qian Pavilion Master of the South End City’s Wantong Pavilion Sub-Pavilion!
Although he was not very familiar with Pavilion Master Qian, with the introduction from Elder Sun of the Wantong Pavilion, Chen Ping was considered to be acquainted with Pavilion Master Qian!
Seeing Chen Ping walking down from the blimp, Pavilion Master Qian laughed and said, “Who did I think it was that was able to come in a blimp, so it’s Mr Chen.”
“Recently, your appointment fight following Mu Qing, the Mu Family’s son, has also spread throughout the entire Southern Region, and many people have come here to catch a glimpse of the fight between the two of you.”
“Our Wantong Pavilion has also dipped into Mr Chen’s light, allowing us to make another big profit ……”
After Chen Ping heard this, he just smiled faintly, he knew that this news must have been deliberately spread by the Wantong Pavilion in order to attract people to earn money!
However, this was also the nature of a businessman, the Wantong Pavilion was originally relying on information to earn money!
“Master Qian Pavilion, I would like to ask, are there any gambling games opened for competitions?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Of course there is, with something like this, how could there not be a betting bureau, this time it is our Wantong Pavilion that is personally sitting on the betting table, could it be that Mr Chen also wants to personally go and bet on it?”
Pavilion Master Qian asked.