Nie Heng was outside the door and didn’t push it open because he didn’t know what Chen Ping and Ruyan Liu were doing inside the room!
Hearing Nie Heng arrive, Ruyan Liu got up and opened the door to the room!
Chen Ping also stood up!
Nie Heng glanced over, then smiled Avray towards Chen Ping!
As a man, Chen Ping certainly knew what that smile of Nie Heng’s represented!
“Let’s go, I’ll go see what’s going on with that formation, if we keep delaying like this, I don’t know how many years it will take to reach Yongle City.”
Chen Ping was prepared to go and take a look, if he could, he could step in and help fix that teleportation formation!
“Chen Ping, I haven’t asked you all this time, you suddenly ran here, are you also going to Yongle City?”
“Could it be that you are also going to the Pill Masters’ Conference?”
Ruyan Liu had never asked Chen Ping why he had also appeared here!
“I’m not attending the Pill Master Conference, I’m going to the Western Region to look for my friends, I have a few friends in Yongle City.”
Chen Ping said!
“Boys and girls?”Ruyan Liu looked at Chen Ping, her eyes full of caution as she asked!
“Both men and women ……,” Chen Ping could only say truthfully!
Hearing Chen Ping say this, Ruyan Liu let out a light sigh and then smiled bitterly!
She knew that Chen Ping was a dragon that never belonged to a particular sky!
So for Ruyan Liu to want to keep Chen Ping by her side was simply unrealistic!
But it was enough that Chen Ping had her in his heart, she did not ask for anything more!
“Let’s go, I’ll accompany you around ……”
Ruyan Liu said!
Chen Ping followed Ruyan Liu out of the inn, with Nie Heng following far behind, and then arrived within the Apothecary Society, in front of that huge square!
In the middle of that square, dao spirit light flickered, and there were ancient patterns on the ground, just like a large formation!
Around the formation, a dozen or so cultivators were standing by to protect it, not allowing others to casually approach!
Around the big formation, surrounded by a lot of pharmacists, these pharmacists all have a clear expression, that is anxious!
Obviously these pharmacists have been stranded here for several days, if the teleportation array is not repaired well, then they are afraid that they won’t be able to catch up with the Pharmacist Conference!
They had travelled a long way to come here, and had wanted to teleport to Yongle City, but now the teleportation array was broken!
In the middle of that teleportation array, a middle-aged man wearing grey robes with a sweaty forehead was constantly groping at the array pattern on the ground!
On the western side of that teleportation array, there were several people wearing brightly coloured yellow robes, and each of them had Pill Master tokens hanging from their waists!
It proved that these people were all from the Apothecary Guild, and they didn’t seem to have low positions!
Soon, along with the grey robed middle-aged man leaving the teleportation array, the teleportation array began to emit light, and the arcane formation patterns slowly rose into the air, constantly flowing up!
Then in the wounds of the formation, a spatial fluctuation was interwoven!
Seeing this scene, the grey robed middle-aged man heaved a sigh of relief!
Seeing this, those few senior members of the Apothecary Guild also finally revealed their smiles!
“Gentlemen, I’m really sorry for keeping you waiting, now that the teleportation array has been repaired, the following can be teleported, but because the teleportation array has just been repaired, the number of people that can be teleported at one time needs to be limited.”
“Only fifty people can be teleported this time, so those who were waiting in line here at the very beginning can now board the teleportation array with the number plates in their hands.”
A senior member of the Apothecary Guild said as he swept a glance at the surrounding crowd!
Upon hearing that they were able to teleport, the many Pill Masters then cheered up!
Nie Heng said excitedly, “I didn’t expect it to be fixed, Missy, we’re right in the middle of the spots in front of us, so we can now board the teleportation array.”
Liu Ruyan nodded and looked at Chen Ping, “Go, you follow me, just say we’re together and teleport there together!”
And Chen Ping looked at the teleportation array that was emitting light and stopped Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng, “Don’t go, the teleportation array hasn’t been completely repaired yet, this teleportation will definitely fail.”