This hand bone had been jadeised and became completely transparent, and not a single trace of breath could be detected from this bone at all!
“Old Zhang, what are you doing with this hand bone?”
“It’s not a treasure!”
“This stuff, Sky Demon Mountain is full of it, there are dead people every day.”
When the crowd saw what was taken out, they were a bit unhappy!
Wasn’t this taking them for a ride, even taking out a section of a hand bone?
“Gentlemen, this is not an ordinary human bone, this is a section of an ancient powerhouse’s hand bone, I’ve already tested it, this section of the hand bone is so hard that it can break through gold and open up stone, it’s not impossible to refine it into a handy weapon.”
Old Zhang introduced!
“Pull back, who are you kidding, it’s not like we haven’t seen the corpses of those Immortals and Demons that fell during the God-Devil War.”
“This kind of corpses are also everywhere in the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, what’s the use of the senile white bones, they are also used to practice weapons.”
“Who would be stupid enough to take a section of hand bone to make a weapon ah, you quickly change to the next one!”
Many cultivators yelled out, after all, in this Heavenly Demon Mountain, the former battlefield of Gods and Demons, countless Immortals and Demons had fallen, so skeletons like these were everywhere!
Although they were the skeletons of Immortals and Devils that came down from the Heavenly Realm, they didn’t have much value and weren’t useful at all!
“You guys don’t understand, don’t see that this hand bone has been jade, don’t want to be a weapon, can research into powder, make tea to drink also okay ah!”
Old Zhang was still talking desperately, wanting to sell this hand bone!
“Old Zhang, you really dare to say anything in order to earn money, and to grind this bone into powder and make tea to drink, you’d better keep it for yourself!”
A cultivator said playfully!
Chen Ping looked at the hand bone, although it was jadeised and looked very exquisite, it really had no value!
If he wanted the skeletons of those fallen Immortals and Demons, there would have been bones like this all over the ground during the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Seeing that no one was knowledgeable, Old Zhang sighed slightly and prepared to take that hand bone down!
But just at this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was trembling with his voice “Kid, buy this hand bone, quickly buy it ……”
Chen Ping froze, hurriedly asked “senior, to this thing to do what? Is it really ground into powder to make tea ah!”
“Bullsh*t, this is the old man’s hand bone, I didn’t expect that after so many years, the old man’s skeleton still exists, if we can find all of the old man’s skeleton, then the old man will be reborn, it’s just around the corner!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said excitedly!
Chen Ping was instantly frozen, he really did not think that this section of hand bones would be the skeleton of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Wouldn’t this be a little too outrageous?
“Senior, how can you be sure that this is your skeleton? Don’t be mistaken!”
Chen Ping was somewhat in disbelief!
“Cut the crap, you only need to touch the skeleton and I will naturally be sure that my senses will not be wrong.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord urged!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly opened his mouth and stopped that Old Zhang, “Wait a moment ……”
Old Zhang glanced at Chen Ping and then asked “This fellow Daoist, you are interested in this hand bone?”
Chen Ping nodded and said “Not bad, how much is this thing?”
“It’s better that you know your stuff, this hand bone starts at 10 million spirit coins.”
Old Zhang said!
“Good, I’ll offer ten million!” Chen Ping said directly!
After Chen Ping bid, there was no one to follow the bidding, anyone thought it was not worth it!
Shen Ji Zi also quietly pulled Chen Ping and said “Are you crazy, 10 million for a human bone? If you like, give me 10 million, I’ll cut off my own arm and give it to you …….”
Chen Ping almost didn’t laugh out loud when he heard Shen Ji Zi’s words!
This fellow, he was also too greedy for money, to the point where he wanted money for his life!
“Alright, this hand bone is yours!” Old Zhang saw that no one had raised the price, so he said loudly!