Chen Ping could use his feats this time, and he could also use his Dragon Slashing Sword, so he did not have to cower in fear!
Only to see Chen Ping swing the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, the sword awns rose up in a smooth manner, as if it was a raging storm.
Wherever the sword awnings passed, those Origin Illusionary Beasts were instantly chopped into dregs!
As the Origin Illusionary Beasts were decimated, a large amount of Origin Breath rushed up into the sky, while Chen Ping absorbed it greedily!
There were all sorts of Origin Breaths, only that apart from the Origin Breaths that Chen Ping had sensed, the other Origin Breaths could only enter Chen Ping’s body like silk, and then slowly dissipate within the Origin Space!
Without the absorption and storage of the Origin Stars, even if the other Origin Breaths were absorbed by Chen Ping, there was no way for them to stay in his body!
In mid-air, Ji Meiyan watched Chen Ping’s absorption of Origin Breath, and her entire body was stunned!
Everyone else was absorbing one Origin by one Origin, while Chen Ping was actually a mixed bag of fish and dragons, with all the Origin Breaths being inhaled into his body!
Fortunately, Chen Ping’s Origin Space was a cosmic star, infinitely large, and even more Origin Breath would never be able to fill it!
If the Origin Space was not large, like Chen Ping’s method of absorbing Origin, it was estimated that he would have burst into flames long ago!
Chen Ping at the moment, in the mountain pass in the kill that called a pain, do not know that he killed these origin phantom beasts, are through many years to cohesion illusion, according to him this killing method, estimated that the back in the opening of the ancestral land, the season family is difficult to see the origin phantom beasts!
Not far from the entrance of the mountain pass, Qin Jingyu’s face is very ugly “you this ancestral land within the Origin Illusionary Beasts is really too little, walked this way, only encountered a few Origin Illusionary Beasts, which will be until when, I will be able to perceive the Golden Origin ah?”
“Prince Qin, according to the fact that there are quite a few Origin Illusionary Beasts within our Ancestral Ground, there are dozens of people who enter the Ancestral Ground each time, but there are not many people who can enter this mountain pass and hunt the Origin Illusionary Beasts.”
“After all, not every Ji Family child can open the Origin Space and can sense the Origin Breath ……”
r> Ji Yue explained after Qin Jingyu!
“This Origin Illusionary Beast is indeed a bit less, could it be that someone really came in first and hunted the Origin Illusionary Beasts in the front, and we’re just picking up the missed Origin Illusionary Beasts in the back ah?”
Ji Meizhen also felt a little strange, indeed this Origin Illusion Beasts seemed particularly few!
“Let’s go, let’s march quickly, we might be able to find the people who came in at the front!”
Qin Jingyu decided not to kill the Origin Illusionary Beasts first, and quickly walked into the depths of the mountain pass first, to see if someone had entered first or not!
Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen all nodded, agreeing with Qin Jingyu’s proposal, so the three of them quickened their pace!
Just as the three of them hurriedly travelled forward, the more they walked, the creepier the three of them felt!
This was because along the way, they rarely came across Origin Illusionary Beasts, which was very strange!
One must know that along this journey, the deeper they travelled towards the mountain pass, the greater the strength and number of Origin Illusion Beasts would be!
But now, the further in they went, the more they didn’t find the shadows of Origin Illusionary Beasts!
“This is really strange, where have all these Origin Illusion Beasts gone?”
Ji Yue frowned, unable to figure out where those Origin Illusion Beasts had gone!
After travelling for almost half an hour or so, Qin Jingyu suddenly stopped!
“Sir Qin, why did you stop, is there something you’ve discovered?”
Ji Yue asked Qin Jingyu!
“Can’t you guys feel it? There’s someone fighting in front of us, and the fight is quite intense, the aura fluctuates greatly.”
Qin Jingyu said!
When Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen heard this, they hurriedly dispersed their divine sense and also instantly detected that there was a breath fluctuation in front of them, this kind of big breath fluctuation, it was obvious that someone was fighting!
“Let’s go, let’s quickly rush over and take a look, I must catch the guy who sneaked into the Ancestral Land!”
Ji Yue impatiently rushed forward!