“If you need it, Senior, you can enter the pagoda to cultivate anytime. After all, we’ve met, and you led me to such a great place.”
Chen Ping said with a smile.
Mad Immortal was instantly thrilled, grabbing Chen Ping and dropping to his knees, “Heaven above, earth below, today I, with…”
“What’s your name?”
“I’m Chen Ping!” Chen Ping replied, bewildered.
“Today, I form a sworn brotherhood with Chen Ping, sharing blessings and hardships, not seeking to be born on the same day, but to…”
“Senior, enough, enough, no more!” Chen Ping hurriedly pulled Mad Immortal to his feet.
He was still young, with a lifespan to rival the heavens, while Mad Immortal had lived for who-knows-how-long.
Chen Ping had no desire to die on the same day as Mad Immortal!
“Since we’re brothers now, why call me Senior? That’s too formal…”
“From now on, we’ll address each other as brothers…”
Mad Immortal clasped his fists and said, “Big Brother…”
“What?” Chen Ping froze. How had he become the big brother?
Mad Immortal was countless years his senior, so how was he the big brother?
“As brothers, we don’t rank by age, but by strength…”
“Your strength surpasses mine, so naturally, you’re the big brother.”
“Big Brother, accept your little brother’s bow.”
With that, Mad Immortal knelt before Chen Ping.
Chen Ping rushed to stop him, “Senior, no, this won’t do…”
“Big Brother, don’t you acknowledge me? If you don’t, I won’t get up.”
Mad Immortal knelt, his expression earnest.
“No, I acknowledge you, I do, please get up,” Chen Ping said helplessly.
“Big Brother…” Mad Immortal called out.
“Little Brother, get up!”
Chen Ping could only call him little brother.
Mad Immortal rose happily, “Big Brother, if you need anything, just say the word. I still have some influence in Rhino City.”
“Don’t let my centuries in the Purgatory Field fool you, the name Mad Immortal is known to all.”
“Good, then I’ll take my leave from here,” Chen Ping nodded.
Meanwhile, Niu Meng, observing through the bronze mirror, was astounded by Mad Immortal’s adaptability.
This guy had actually knelt to Chen Ping, calling him big brother.
“Hmph, spineless fool, grovelling for a chance at someone else’s treasure,” Niu Meng snorted, then shouted, “Prepare the teleportation array, I’m going to the Purgatory Field to greet my big brother…”
Having seen Chen Ping’s Demon-Suppressing Pagoda, Niu Meng no longer thought of recruiting him, he only hoped Chen Ping might accept him as a little brother too.
Even a year or two in the pagoda could grant a century of cultivation.
At that moment, outside the Purgatory Field, Bai Yi, who had been waiting for Chen Ping, was growing anxious.
He feared something had happened to Chen Ping in the Purgatory Field, given his strength was only at the Immortal Transformation Realm and he’d been inside for so long.
Just as Bai Yi waited anxiously, a burst of white light flared in an area before the Purgatory Field!
Niu Meng appeared within the light, accompanied by a dozen guards.
The Purgatory Field’s guards and the staff big sister rushed over, kneeling before Niu Meng.
“Unaware of the City Lord’s arrival, this subordinate deserves death…” the staff big sister said, trembling.
It had been years since the City Lord visited, the distance from the City Lord’s mansion was great, and though there was a teleportation array, it consumed many resources, so Niu Meng rarely came.
His sudden arrival left many here in fear and confusion, unsure of what was happening.
Bai Yi, seeing Niu Meng, was slightly startled, puzzled by the City Lord’s abrupt visit.
“Have any of the trial participants in the Purgatory Field emerged?” Niu Meng asked the staff.