Zhu Ling gave Chen Ping a blank look, “Don’t be complacent, you looked at me naked and hit me, I will remember this revenge.”
“But since I lost, I have to promise you one thing, you want to learn the Supreme Fire Fusion, although I don’t know how to do it, but my father does.”
“Senior Sister, the old Sect Master is now crazy and is guarded, he can’t be seen casually, even if he would, there is no way for me to see him!”Chen Ping was speechless for a while and said!
“Don’t worry, I have a way to take you to see my father, although that Huo Yuan Ting used his father’s comfort as a reason to send people to guard it, and also laid down a formation to prevent people from seeing it casually, but I have a way to secretly see my father.”
“This method is unknown to anyone, so I couldn’t say it just now in front of Elder Yu and the others.”
“Come find me tonight, I’ll take you to see my father, with your stature and ability, coming to our Purple Flame Sect, you definitely aren’t just an inner disciple.”
“You were able to come in, I’m afraid you gave Elder Yu a lot of money, right?”
Zhu Ling looked at Chen Ping and said with a faint smile!
She had actually seen through it a long time ago, Chen Ping’s skills didn’t look like an ordinary person, and how could he worship under Elder Yu and let him bring him in!
Moreover, Elder Yu was greedy for money, this was also something that everyone knew!
A more important point, that was the Art of Supreme Flame Fusion, the average disciple had not even heard of it he had not heard of it!
After all, to be able to master one type of Supreme Flame was already difficult, and these disciples could not use Supreme Flame Fusion!
As for those who require the fusion of the Supreme Flame, at the very least, they must master at least two types of Supreme Flame in order to be able to do so!
Seeing that Zhu Ling had nailed it through, Chen Ping could only laugh, “I came to the Purple Flame Sect just to follow the Elder Sect Master to ask for advice on the method of fusing the Supreme Flame, and I definitely do not have any other intentions!”
“Then can you tell me what kind of Supreme Fire you just used?The power looks great.”Zhu Ling asked!
“Earth’s Heart Flame ……,” Chen Ping said!
“The Earth’s Heart Flame?”
Zhu Ling froze, then shook her head, “Never heard of it!”
“I don’t know how many kinds of supreme fires there are in the world, it’s impossible to have heard of them all, and the supreme fires of your Purple Flame Sect, I’ve never heard of them or seen them before.”
Chen Ping laughed!
“Then can you pass on some of the Earth’s Heart Flame to me so that I can refine it?”
Zhu Ling asked carefully!
After all, it was not a small thing to ask someone for a Supreme Fire to refine, after all, every trace of the Supreme Fire that was refined was very precious!
What’s more, Zhu Ling followed Chen Ping as a casual acquaintance and did not have any relationship, so why would they pass it on to you!
“Senior sister, it’s not that I’m being petty and don’t want to pass it on to you so that you can refine it, it’s only because this Earth Heart Flame is ferocious and abnormal, there’s no way for you to refine it.”
“It’s possible that both of the two types of Supreme Flames in your body will be devoured by the Earth’s Heart Flame, and the loss will be more than worth it at that time!”
“But there is a way to pass on the Earth’s Heart Flame to you, and it can also reduce its fierceness, making it easy for you to refine it.”
Chen Ping said!
“What way, quickly say!”Zhu Ling asked curiously!
“Dual cultivation, Senior Sister Zhu Ling and I will have dual cultivation, the breaths of the two of us can merge, and when the Earth Heart Flame senses my breath, it won’t resist too fiercely.”
“In that case, it would be easier to refine, other than this method, there is no other way.”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words left his mouth, Zhu Ling gave him a blank look!
“You big pervert, if you want to sleep with me, just say it directly and find so many excuses.”
“I don’t want the Earth Heart Flame, I won’t let you sleep!”
Zhu Ling thought that Chen Ping deliberately found this kind of excuse in order to sleep with herself!
“You don’t want it, I still don’t want to give it ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly and turned to leave!
“Remember, don’t forget to come to me at night ……,” Zhu Ling reminded Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but walked out of Zhu Ling’s courtyard.