Liu Ruyan and the Third Elder were furious and red in the face, while still worrying about Chen Ping!
Although Chen Ping was so strong that he was not even afraid to face a fifth ranked cultivator of the Combined Body realm, now that Chen Ping had been frozen, as long as that Gao Qijie gently slapped his palm, then Chen Ping’s body would be shattered into slag!
“Who said you had won? You’re a little too early to be happy, aren’t you?”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s voice slowly came out!
Gao Qijie was stunned and hurriedly looked at Chen Ping, and found that Chen Ping was still frozen, so he said with a puzzled face “You are frozen, how can you still talk?”
Gao Qijie moved closer to Chen Ping and examined him carefully, he wanted to see how Chen Ping could actually speak!
“Not only can I talk, I can also beat you up ……”
After saying that, the frost on Chen Ping’s body actually melted and disappeared instantly, followed by a slap out!
Gao Qijie was right in front of Chen Ping, carefully watching Chen Ping, simply did not expect the frost would suddenly disappear, much less would he expect Chen Ping to slap over, so there was no one any thought of preparation!
Slap!
This slap was so powerful that it instantly sent Gao Qijie flying and then fell heavily under the ring!
Gao Qijie slowly got up and looked angrily at Chen Ping, half of his face was already red and swollen!
A few teeth had fallen out in the blood that Gao Qijie spat out!
“Damn it, I’ll kill you ……”
Gao Qijie looked at his fallen teeth and became furious, wanting to rush to the ring and follow Chen Ping to fight for his life!
“How dare you, you’ve already fallen out of the ring, that means you’ve lost, how dare you still get into the ring? Do you want to cause trouble in our Jia Ling County?”
Seeing this, the few guards around the ring immediately rushed over and pointed their weapons at Gao Qijie!
“Third Young Master, don’t be impulsive!”
At this moment, two Gao family servants rushed forward to stop Gao Qijie.
Gao Qijie’s face was furious, then he looked at Chen Ping in the ring and said “Kid, you wait for me, I’ll remember your face ……”
He was not afraid of Gao Qijie’s threats, after all, this guy was from the extreme north, tens of thousands of miles away from here, and after this time, he would probably never have to deal with the Gao family again!
“Third Young Master, we’d better leave here, we need to hurry up and follow the Second Young Master to meet up with him!”
The servant whispered to Gao Qijie!
When he heard this, Gao Qijie said with a displeased face “Second brother is really like that, for the sake of three stinky girls, he disregarded big brother’s orders.”
“If he had come to Jialing County with me, I wouldn’t have been humiliated, and I wouldn’t have been beaten!”
Gao Qijie finished, glaring at Chen Ping once more before following the two servants away!
After Gao Qijie left, Chen Ping swept a glance at the crowd and said “Anyone who wants to compete with me on stage? I can also use these as bets.”
“If any of you go up on stage and lose, I will only charge one million spirit coins, while if you win, it will be fifty million spirit coins, and countless resources!”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, the crowd stirred up!
Just after seeing Chen Ping knock Gao Qijie out of the ring, the crowd was a little scared, but when they heard that they could win 50 million for a million spirit coins and countless resources, it was simply too good a deal!
Besides, when Chen Ping fought Gao Qijie just now, he was in a mess, proving that this guy wasn’t very strong, he was probably just lucky!
“Let me ask for a few moves ……”
“I’ll do it ……”
“I’ll do it too ……”
The crowd all scrambled to get on stage and give this Chen Ping a match!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly waved his hand and said, “Everyone line up, one by one!”
After saying that, Chen Ping looked at Liu Ruyan and said, “Ruyan, you follow the Third Elder and keep watch, those who go on the stage must pay one million dollars before they can come up!”
Liu Ruyan nodded and followed the Third Elder to guard the entrance of the ring and started charging!