So Chen Ping could be sure that this old man must be a master, and the kind that he could not even detect his own aura!
“Just pa*sing by, you killed two of my demon beasts, you know I raised these for food.”
“Since you killed my beasts, I can only eat you. ……”
“Make your own fire and see who it suits to roast first.”
The old man said without looking back.
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
“Senior, I killed two of your beasts without meaning to, I can pay you back, how much money you want, or whatever you want, I can give it to you.”
“We are all friends, no one will leave their friends behind.”
There was no way Chen Ping would let any of them sacrifice themselves for this old man to eat.
“Since there is so much love and righteousness, then no one can leave, five people, there is enough for me to eat for a few days ……”
The old man said slowly.
The old man’s brow furrowed instantly as Chen Ping saw that the old man was too sullen to be a part of the family, and there was murderous intent in his eyes!
“I can compensate you for killing your demon beast, but if you insist on leaving us behind, then don’t blame me for not being polite!”
Chen Ping’s tone began to freeze!
“Hahahaha, although I am old, I like to gnaw on hard bones, you don’t have to be polite to me!”
The old man still didn’t look back and laughed loudly!
“Then don’t blame me ……”
Chen Ping’s aura burst out to the extreme, he knew that against this kind of person, only one hit was necessary, otherwise there would be no chance for the back side!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping slammed his fist into the old man’s back, without the slightest hesitation!
The terrifying spiritual power was so powerful that even the sea surface was stirred up by Chen Ping’s fist!
But Chen Ping’s punch did not move the old man at all, and the trees around him were broken at the waist.
Chen Ping looked at the old man in shock, his face full of disbelief. He knew his own strength very well, but he had no idea that one punch could not shake the old man even a little bit, and even shake himself out!
At this moment, even Hu Pazi and the others were all shocked and their mouths were wide open, each unable to speak.
“In all these years, you are the first one who dares to take action against me. ……”
“Since you killed my beasts, let these beasts swallow you as compensation!”
The old man said as he flicked the fishing rod in his hand!
As if they had been caught from the sea, they all landed on the island!
There were five beasts in total, a turtle, an octopus, and a strange fish with four legs …………
The beasts were all of Martial God realm strength, each one ugly and disgusting to look at!
The old man threw his fishing rod back into the sea and sat quietly, not even looking back!
Roar …………
The four-legged monster fish let out a roar and attacked Chen Ping directly!
The other monsters also attacked one after another, so Chen Ping and the others could only fight!
Because of Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu’s low strength, only two of them could face one beast!
Chen Ping himself had to deal with two beasts.
The dragon chopping sword in Chen Ping’s hand appeared, and an infinite amount of light shot up into the sky, spreading a terrifying energy in all directions!
Soon Chen Ping and the others were fighting with the beasts, while the old man was not far away, staring at the sea as if he could not hear or see.