Chen Ping did not speak, but instead looked coldly at that Nie Hong with killing intent in his eyes!
Feeling the killing intent in Chen Ping’s eyes, Nie Hong then closed his mouth, not daring to look directly at Chen Ping anymore!
Now the moral hatchet was no longer working!
“You’d better confess truthfully, if I am allowed to produce evidence, you two siblings will surely die.”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice!
When Nie Lei heard this, he plopped down and knelt down for Chen Ping!
Nie Hong looked at her brother and finally followed suit and knelt down helplessly!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, we’re wrong, we’re wrong, it’s really because of our interests that we did such a thing.”
“I beg Fellow Daoist Chen to spare our lives, we won’t dare to do it again.”
“Then Su Tianshuo promised us that as long as we capture you, he would give our siblings a portion of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings.”
“Our siblings don’t have a family and have no one to rely on, although we joined the Central Region Apothecary Association, we are still the lowest level of existence, this Apothecary Conference, none of us are qualified to follow President Chen.”
“And that Su Tianshuo said, if we don’t agree, we will kill our brother and sister, in this Pill Cauldron Mountain, killing one or two people, no one will find out, we also have no way, begging Fellow Daoist Chen to spare us ……”
Nie Lei continuously kowtowed, tears streaming out!
And that Nie Hong, seeing her brother in that state, also had red eyes and cried out!
“You two are too much, are you going to betray Mr Chen for your own interests?”
“Thanks to Mr Chen’s kindness in bringing you two along, you two are worse than pigs and dogs!”
Nie Heng angrily cursed at the two siblings in anger!
Originally both having the same surname, Nie Heng felt pretty good about the siblings, but he didn’t expect them to be this kind of people!
“Chen Ping, kill the two of them, keeping this kind of person is a scourge sooner or later!”
Ruyan Liu also said in exasperation!
When Nie Lei heard this, he was so scared that he trembled and kept kowtowing!
That Nie Hong also knew that he was scared at this moment, his face became very ugly, and no longer had the look he had when he just deducted the moral hat!
“Remembering that the two of you were also forced to do something, I will spare you!”
Chen Ping looked at the two siblings kneeling on the ground and finally spared them!
“Many thanks Mr Chen, many thanks Mr Chen ……”
Nie Lei kowtowed desperately!
Then he pulled up Nie Hong and turned his head towards the mountain!
“Where are you two going?”Chen Ping asked!
“This Medicine Cauldron Mountain is too dangerous, it’s simply not a place for us siblings to stay, we’d better go down the mountain.”
“And if we don’t report our location to that Su Tianshuo anymore, he won’t spare us, we’d better escape as soon as possible!”
Nie Lei said!
“Do you think that you two siblings will be able to get out of this poisonous fog?”
Chen Ping continued to ask!
Nie Lei was silent, if the two of them did not have the Antidote Pill or Chen Ping’s pill to absorb the toxins, just by relying on their bodies, they were afraid that they would not be able to walk out of this poisonous fog at all!
“It’s better for the two of you to follow me, you can also continue to report the location to that Su Tianshuo!”
Chen Ping said!
“I don’t dare, I absolutely don’t dare anymore ……”
Nie Lei hurriedly waved his hand!
It was good enough that Chen Ping was able to spare them, how would they dare to ventilate and report to that Su Tianshuo!
“If I tell you to report, you report, this is also to paralyse that Su Tianshuo, so that he doesn’t suspect you!”
“That Su Tianshuo has united quite a few people and intends to use the hands of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to make a major reshuffle of pill masters in the entire Celestial Realm.”
“It is estimated that many pill masters will lose their lives this time, so I must uncover this Su Tianshuo’s plot!”
Chen Pingzhi so let the Nie Lei siblings continue to report the information just to paralyse Su Tianshuo!
When the time came for him to make the arrangements, he would then have the Nie Lei siblings tell Su Tianshuo, so that he would be able to eliminate Su Tianshuo in one fell swoop!