“What kind of a thing are you to make our Palace Master come to see you, if our Palace Master comes, I think you will definitely die!”
Lan Yingying angrily rebuked Chen Ping and said!
“Since you’re not going to report, then I’ll personally go and settle the score with her ……”
Chen Ping said, about to head towards the inner gate!
How could Chen Ping tolerate this Guanghan Palace Holy Maiden using her own woman as a temptation in an illusionary formation!
Even if it was fake, Chen Ping felt like he was being cuckolded!
“Stop!”
Lan Yingying stopped Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned and said “What? I came in by myself, do you still want to kick me out? Doesn’t your Guanghan Palace abide by the rules?”
Chen Ping deliberately spoke loudly about obeying the rules, after all, this Blue Yingying on that Mu Kui queue, is still very straight, only Mu Kui took out the Elder token, Blue Yingying this is no way!
“Of course our Guanghan Palace abides by the rules, since you passed the illusion formation and entered here, surely we won’t kick you out.”
“You can also pick your favourite female cultivator here, and then pass the challenge to form a dao couple!”
“But if you want to go to the inner sect, you have to undergo a test before you can do so, not only you, but even these cultivators I brought with me all have to go through a test before they can go to the inner sect!”
“Because of the special circumstances this time, you must go through a test, but if you pass the test, there will be great opportunities waiting behind you.”
“As long as you pass the test, not only will you be able to hold a beautiful woman, but you can also go to the Polar Regions together and explore the place where that Immortal fell, and if you’re lucky, you might be able to get your hands on an Immortal Weapon.”
Lan Yingying said to Chen Ping!
Although Blue Yingying was angry that Chen Ping had destroyed their Guanghan Palace’s formations, she did not make things too difficult for Chen Ping!
Instead, she went over the rules of the Guanghan Palace in detail!
As for the matter of the formation being destroyed, that would have to be decided by the Palace Master, and was not something that she, a small receptionist, could manage!
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately shook his head and said “I don’t come to look for any Dao Couple, nor do I want to hold a beauty, and even more so I don’t want to participate in any Polar Journey, I just want to meet your Palace Master!”
Chen Ping was here to ask for the Heavenly Demon Stone and was not looking for a Dao Couple.
What’s more, Chen Ping has no shortage of women around him, and each of them is as beautiful as a flower, if he wants a woman, every woman is desperate to take the initiative to lean up, where there is still a need to undergo the test!
As for the polar trip, exploring the place where the immortals fell, and get what immortal weapons, Chen Ping is even more uninterested!
He also had a lot of various divine weapons in his hands and did not need any immortal weapons!
Lan Yingying looked at Chen Ping in a daze, she didn’t understand that this Chen Ping had gone through the trouble of breaking in from the illusionary formation, and surprisingly, it wasn’t for the purpose of searching for a Dao Couple, or for the Polar Journey, but just to meet the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!
It was important to know that most of these young cultivators came to Guanghan Palace to look for a daoist couple, and of course, there were some who had heard about Guanghan Palace’s Polar Journey and had come specially!
But Chen Ping was surprisingly neither of the two, just to see the Palace Master of the Guang Han Palace, barging into the Guang Han Palace, this was too otherworldly!
“If you want to meet the Palace Master, you must also go through a test before you can do so, otherwise it is simply impossible to go up to the inner gate!”
Lan Yingying said to Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only say helplessly “Alright, how do you test it? You hurry up, my time is precious ……”
“You don’t feel that you are invincible by passing our Guanghan Palace Illusion Formation, let me tell you, it’s possible that you passed our Illusion Formation just by luck, after all, the Illusion Formation is just to charm the mind, as long as the mind is strong, it’s easy to pass.”
“But this time the test is a test of true strength, you want to pass the test by relying on the strength of the third rank of the Transition Realm, it’s simply a pipe dream.”
Seeing that Chen Ping did not take the Guanghan Palace’s test seriously in the slightest, Lan Yingying said coldly!