“Gentlemen, I am Shi Tieqiao, an elder of the Flying Sky Sect, and I am responsible for secretly protecting the safety of the dirigible on this flight.”
“It was only because in the middle of the flight, someone secretly released the three pterodactyls that caused the dirigible to crash into trouble.”
“I apologise on behalf of the Flying Sky Sect for the inconvenience caused to you all!”
Shi Tieqiao was trying desperately to minimise the impact of this one!
After all, this matter had started because of him, and this would be bad luck for him if these people made a scene in the Flying Sky Sect!
“Someone secretly released the Pterodactyl? What kind of person has so much guts?”
“That’s right, releasing a pterodactyl on a flight, is that looking down on us people?”
“Elder Shi, who exactly is it, point it out to me ……”
As soon as the crowd heard this, they asked Shi Tieqiao to identify the person!
Shi Tieqiao pointed at Chen Ping and said, “He is the one who led people to sneak into the front cabin and set the three-headed pterodactyl free.”
“But don’t worry, I think we’ll give you an explanation!”
Shi Tieqiao finished his sentence and then walked towards Chen Ping with a grim face!
In Shi Tieqiao’s opinion, Chen Ping was only at the second level of the Combined Body Realm, and could not possibly be his opponent!
Even if he went up to those people around Chen Ping, except for the Third Elder who had reached the Third Grade of the Harmonious Body Realm, even if all these people together, they were still no match for himself, and that was why he was so emboldened!
But what he didn’t know was that Chen Ping, with this second rank of the Harmony Realm, could kill him as easily as a hand!
He knew that when Chen Ping was at the first rank of the Harmony Realm, he could kill a fifth rank of the Harmony Realm cultivator, and now that Chen Ping had elevated to the second rank of the Harmony Realm, this Shi Tieqiao’s fifth rank of the Harmony Realm cultivation was simply looking for death if he came over to kill Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, we have to be careful ……”
Yih whispered in Chen Ping’s ear at this moment!
“A cultivator of the fifth rank of the Combined Body realm is not enough to be feared ……”
Chen Ping was not afraid of this Stone Iron Bridge.
“Mr. Chen, that’s not what I’m talking about, I just looked, we are now in the territory of the Bloodthirsty Thunder Hawk, it’s possible that none of us will be able to leave!”
Ich said in a small voice!
When Chen Ping heard that, he couldn’t help but frown, he didn’t expect that the timing he chose to save this Pterodactyl would be so coincidental that it would land them in the Bloodthirsty Thunderhawk’s territory!
But looking at the others, they didn’t seem to be aware of the danger!
When Shi Tieqiao saw Chen Ping’s frown, he thought he was afraid of him, so he coldly snorted, “Kid, it’s useless to regret now, if you dare to let go of our Flying Sky Sect’s Winged Dragon, then face death!”
When Shi Tieqiao finished speaking, he slapped his palm towards Chen Ping, this palm carried endless waves of Qi, like a tsunami, whistling to Chen Ping!
Shi Tieqiao’s strike was fast and fierce, and there was a beneficent faint aroma in his breath!
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped, he knew that not only had Shi Tieqiao struck at him, but he had also thrown out poison at the moment he struck!
Only Chen Ping’s body, being invulnerable to all poisons, did not fear Shi Tieqiao’s poison at all!
Chen Ping casually swung his palm out and followed Shi Tieqiao with a fierce collision!
Boom!
The two palms clashed together, accompanied by a huge fluctuation of breath, a cloud of red powder instantly drifted away with the breath!
After this blow, Shi Tieqiao’s body couldn’t help but retreat backwards, taking several steps in a row before he could stabilise himself!
On the other hand, Chen Ping did not move at all, his face was as calm as if he had not used all his strength just now!
After all, Shi Tieqiao was a fifth-ranked practitioner at the Harmony Realm, and Chen Ping’s cultivation level was obvious to everyone!
The difference in strength between the two was not small, but that slap just now had turned their perceptions upside down, Shi Tieqiao, a fifth-ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm, had been knocked back by Chen Ping with one easy slap!