Chen Ping’s body hit the ground heavily, directly smashing the ground into a deep crater.
The manor, which was already half-built, was now a ruin again.
Blood spilled out from the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth, and a scar on his body was even more shocking to the eyes.
“Hahahaha, this is it?”
Ning Zhi’s body solidified as he looked towards Chen Ping and laughed.
Chen Ping slowly got up, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and suddenly grinned.
Seeing that Chen Ping was even laughing, Ning Zhi was slightly stunned, “You’re dead to the world and you’re still laughing?”
“How do you know I’m on the verge of death?”
Chen Ping laughed coldly, followed by a stretch of his hand, and the Dragon Chopper Sword appeared in his hand.
A blazing flame burned above the Dragon Chopping Sword, the blaze reflecting half of the sky red!
“Humph, even with a sword, you can’t hurt me ……” One second to remember http://m.42biquge.com
Ning Zhi snorted coldly, followed by his body once again transforming into an encircling spell.
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping’s body spun up sharply, then divided in two, two in three ……
In the end, six identical Chen Ping’s, holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, stood in front of Ning Zhi.
In an instant, that one incantation actually began to transform into a huge palm as well, slapping towards Chen Ping.
Six Chen Ping’s, six huge palms.
Each palm was flooded with a burst of powerful Qi fluctuations above it.
Rumble …………
Like the suppression of Buddha, the huge palms pressed down.
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopping Sword and suddenly shouted explosively, “Spiritual fire, rise ……”
The six Chopping Dragon Swords, in an instant, rose up in huge flames, the flames rose up to the sky, more than ten meters high.
The scorching flames pierced through the one huge palm in an instant.
“Ah ……”
With a miserable scream, only to see the palm, which was made up of a spell, began to disappear rapidly.
A human form appeared immediately afterwards, which was surrounded by flames.
Ning Zhi’s body was revealed, with flames still burning on his clothes.
“Fire …… fire ……”
Ning Zhi desperately pounced and rolled on the ground, which only extinguished the flames.
Just as Ning Zhi was breathing a sigh of relief, he saw a large golden hand grabbing at him.
Ning Zhi’s face instantly changed and he tried to dodge, but at that very instant, it was as if his body was bound, he couldn’t dodge at all!
Chen Ping grabbed that Ning Zhi’s collar and then carried it to himself.
Ning Zhi’s face was covered in flames and blackened, looking very distressed, with a few moments of incredulity in his eyes.
“This is it?”
Chen Ping grinned, and then gave a fierce slap across the face.
Slap!
There was a loud sound, and Ning Zhi’s face was directly drawn out with five fingerprints.
Teeth fell out of Ning Zhi’s mouth, and blood flowed out.
“That’s it?”
Chen Ping finished teasingly and smacked over with another slap.
Slap slap slap slap …………
Chen Ping carried Ning Zhi from side to side and smacked him fiercely on his face, which instantly turned into a pig’s head.
Chen Ping just wanted to humiliate Ning Zhi fiercely, so that his heart defences would completely collapse.
Let him be like a mouse meeting a cat when he saw himself in the future.
Ning Zhi was the youngest master of the Ning family in Kyoto, and Chen Ping had no intention of killing him.
To save his mother and Su Yuqi years ago, Chen Ping knew that he could not easily make more enemies in Kyoto.
One Dragon Family and the Martial Arts Alliance were enough for Chen Ping to deal with.
As for Chen Ping making those island warriors into human sticks and cutting off Guo Wei’s head, it was also all to deter those clans and families in Kyoto from messing with him so easily.
I don’t know how many slaps Ning Zhi had received, but in the end, Ning Zhi’s face was already swollen beyond recognition.
His eyes were narrowed to a slit, as if a Pekingese had been stung by a bee.
As soon as Chen Ping let go of his hand, Ning Zhi fell to the ground like a dead dog.
“You are no match for me, hurry up and get lost, if you dare to provoke me, you will have to die next time ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi coldly and finished speaking directly towards the Demon Subduing Tower.