“Old baldy, you didn’t expect me to be alive, did you?”
Chen Ping said with a cold laugh.
“Hmph, what can you do if you kid is alive, if I can smash you down once, I can smash you down a second time ……”
After saying this, the aura on Jue Yuan’s body erupted and he chanted an incantation under his breath!
A light flickered above the Buddha beads!
The Buddha statues that were standing still, now moved again!
The twelve Buddhas slowly drew closer to Chen Ping!
Looking at the twelve Buddhas in front of him, Chen Ping laughed coldly as he slowly raised the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
A golden dragon hovered above the Dragon Cutting Sword, followed by a swing of the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand!
A dragon roar rang out!
Numerous terrifying sword qi instantly shot out in all directions!
These sword qi instantly pierced through the bodies of those twelve Buddhas.
Boom …………
With a loud explosion, the twelve Buddhas were all blown to powder!
There was no longer a single figure of Kuchan Temple on top of the entire mountain peak, and finally, those twelve Buddha statues, too, were reduced to ashes!
When Jue Yuan saw this, he was shocked and his face became incomparably ugly!
He knew that these twelve Buddhas were the killer weapon of his Kuchan Temple, but he did not want them to be destroyed by Chen Ping with a single sword!
Even Liu Xing and Tong Youkong, who were at the side, frowned slightly when they saw this!
With their skills, it was not difficult to break these twelve Buddhas, but Chen Ping looked like he was only of Martial Saint strength, for such strength to be able to break the twelve Buddhas of Kuk Chan Temple, that was simply unbelievable!
“Do you have any other skills besides these twelve Buddha statues?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked coldly at Jue Yuan.
“I …………”
Jue Yuan opened his mouth, but he didn’t know what to say!
This was now his killer move, and even the killer move was easily broken by Chen Ping, so where could he have any other means!
Not to mention that with all his own followers dead, he didn’t even have a place to absorb the power of faith!
“I think we must have a misunderstanding, the person you are looking for is him, it has nothing to do with me ……”
Jue Yuan directly pushed that Shi Qingpei in front of Chen Ping, and then continued, “There is also that Shi Yan, who has been beaten by me with only one breath left, if you want to take revenge, you should also look for them ……”
“Eldest Brother, you …………”
Shi Qingpei looked at Jue Yuan with an unbelievable face!
“Shut up, who is your eldest brother, take care of your own affairs, it’s all because of you and now my Kuchan Temple is all ruined!”
Jue Yuan, seeing that he couldn’t beat Chen Ping, was going to stop caring about Shi Qingpei!
“Eldest Brother, how can you do this, going to the Dragon Gate and killing people, as well as injuring people, but it was all you who did it ……”
Shi Qingpei saw that Jue Yuan was going to leave him alone and hurriedly said anxiously.
“You shut up, if it wasn’t for you, how would I have gone to Kyoto to find trouble with the Dragon Sect ……”
Jueyuan glared fiercely at Shi Qingpei!
Looking at the two brothers actually biting each other, Chen Ping’s face faintly stared and said, “You two don’t bite each other, you’re both going to die today ……”
As Chen Ping’s words fell, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly cut out a sword mane!
Seeing this, Jue Yuan’s body leapt up, while that Shi Qing Pei failed to dodge, and was directly pierced by the sword mane, his body was cut into two pieces!
Looking at Shi Qingpei’s two-piece body, Jue Yuan’s forehead broke out in cold sweat and he leapt towards the bottom of the mountain, intending to escape!
But how could Chen Ping give him the chance to escape?
Almost at the same time, Chen Ping’s body rushed out.
In an instant, he stopped in front of Jue Yuan and then looked at him with a murderous look on his face!
Seeing this, Jue Yuan knew that he could not escape and hurriedly turned back to Liu Xing and Tong You Gong and said, “Sir Liu, Sir Tong, please help to save me, whichever of you can save me, I am willing to be a cow and a horse for the rest of my life ……”