Since Han Qing’er had given the life-preserving talisman stone to Chen Ping to repay him for saving her life, then Lv could not say anything!
He could only watch as Han Qing’er followed Chen Ping and chatted pa*sionately, and looking at Han Qing’er’s happy face, Lu’s heart was full of jealousy!
Right now, all Lv Factory wanted was for the Secret Realm Conference to start quickly, so that Chen Ping and Han Qing’er could end their chat!
“Gentlemen, all of you, be quiet for a moment ……”
At this moment, Yu Qian, who was sitting at the top of the high platform, stood up and said loudly!
In an instant, everyone shut their mouths and then looked up at the top of the high platform!
Seeing the silence, Yu Qian continued, “The Secret Realm Conference is restarting this time, I like you all to still have the attitude of cutting and learning, never intentionally hurt others, as the saying goes, friendship first competition second!
“The following will ask Yao Shenghui of the Wind Cloud Ranking to ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell, and we will officially start this conference!”
“But this year there are some minor changes, that is, this Dragon Tattoo Bell, anyone can go and ring it, just whether they can ring it or not, that will depend on their respective abilities.”
“When the time comes, don’t fail to ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell, but suffer a backlash and get seriously injured yourself, then it will be more than worth it!”
Yu Qian finished, then looked at Yao Shenghui and said, “Mr. Yao, please ……”
Yao Shenghui nodded, then with a slight click of his toes, his entire body instantly flew to the clock tower, then pushed open the bronze door and walked in!
The moment the bronze door was pushed open, a terrifying aura came over me!
The bell tower was only about fifty meters high, but it took Yao Shenghui half an hour to walk through the bronze door and reveal himself on the bell tower!
“Good …………”
When Yao Shenghui’s figure appeared from the top of the bell tower, many people shouted and applauded!
“It seems that that Yao Shenghui’s strength has improved a lot more, it actually took him half an hour to reach the top of the clock tower!”
Hou Zhen couldn’t help but exclaim.
“Half an hour is a short time? This clock tower is only fifty metres high, right?”
Chen Ping asked, somewhat puzzled.
“Mr. Chen, you don’t know, although this clock tower is not high, the way to ascend it is covered with spell formations, and you need to break through the spell formations to do so.”
“And even if you break through the spell formation to reach the top, you may not necessarily be able to ring this dragon pattern bell, which has nine dragon-shaped patterns engraved on it!”
“Every time you ring it, a golden dragon will hover in the bell tower, this Yao Shenghui can only ring it once!”
“Even Yu Qian, who is the strongest, tried it once and rang it five times at most, when five golden dragons roamed around, that scene could not be described as spectacular!”
Hou Zhen explained to Chen Ping, his eyes full of anticipation and outwardness, it seemed that the scene of five golden dragons roaming at that time had shocked him!
“So there is so much to be said about ringing this dragon bell, I’ll try it later too ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but take an interest in the dragon pattern bell!
“Chen Ping, with this strength, you still want to ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell? I’m afraid that you won’t even be able to climb up the bell tower.”
“If you get backfired by that spell formation, you might have to lose your life, do you think you can just try it just because you are human!”
Lv Factory on the side said to Chen Ping!
Just now, Chen Ping’s hot conversation following Han Qing’er had long made Lv factory discontent with Chen Ping!
“No matter if we can ring it or not, we should always try it, if we are so scared that we don’t even have the courage to try it, what can we do even if our cultivation realm is higher?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Chen Ping, you are from the secular world, so you don’t know the terror of this Dragon Tattooed Bell, when you see it, you probably won’t say that!”
Factory Lu smiled coldly and didn’t say anything!
“Chen Ping, don’t go trying to be a hero, this Dragon Tattoo Bell is not something you can knock, let’s see if the other people in the Wind Cloud Ranking dare to try it later!”
Han Qing’er barked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but his determination to go and knock that Dragon Tattooed Bell couldn’t be changed, and he seemed to be able to feel as if that Dragon Tattooed Bell was calling him!