Clap …………
Soon, the black ball of light shattered in response to the sound and disappeared into dots of light!
Tiger Li Daxian looked on, his eyes filled with rage!
The scepter was destroyed and now even the black ball of light was destroyed ……
Tiger Li Daxian has less and less cards in his hands!
Although Tiger Li Daxian had no more cards, but Chen Ping was no better, at this moment he had very little spiritual energy left in his body!
The two of them were now fighting to a draw, looking at each other, neither of them making any easy moves!
At this point, if either side had help, they would have the absolute upper hand.
“Master of my gods, I pray you, grant me strength once again ……”
Once again, Tiger Li Daxian fell to his knees in front of the stone statue, begging for power!
But this time, the stone statue did not respond, which made that Tiger Li Daxian’s face look unbearably ugly!
Chen Ping desperately ran the Heart Condensation Technique and absorbed the spiritual energy around him, but the spiritual energy on Penglai Island was not as abundant as before, and with Chen Ping’s crazy absorption, there was not much spiritual energy left!
It seemed that the rich spiritual energy on Penglai Island was not naturally formed, but was the work of this Tiger Li Daxian!
For a while, both sides were in an awkward situation, looking at each other, neither of them making a move!
Tiger Li Daxian was staring at Chen Ping, but he had forgotten about Du Nan!
At this moment, Du Nan had already quietly climbed up, and then quickly ran out of the forbidden place!
He was going to find help, in this situation now, as long as someone helped Chen Ping, Chen Ping would definitely win!
But in the whole Penglai Island, there was no one who was too strong, so Du Nan put his eyes on two people, Hu Pazi and Zhao Beng.
Du Nan sent his men to find Hu Puzi and Zhao Barging immediately, and the two did not leave the palace because they were worried about Chen Ping’s safety!
“Du Nan, what do you want to do?”
Zhao Barging asked with an instantly ugly look on his face when he saw that Du Nan had found them with his men.
Right now, the two of them, Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Barging, had their kung fu powers sealed on them and were just ordinary people, so if Du Nan wanted to kill them both at this time, the two of them would have no room to resist.
“Two, you guys take it easy, I am looking for you to help Mr. Chen ……”
Du Nan said, hastily pulling out two pills, “If you guys take them first, you will be able to solve the scattered power pills in your body ……”
Hu Pazi and Zhao Beng glanced at each other, the two did not quite dare to believe Du Nan.
Not understanding that they had just been tricked by that Du Nan father and son, they did not want to be fooled.
“You guys don’t hesitate, I really didn’t lie to you, my father is dead, now Mr. Chen followed by that tiger spirit is in the moment of life and death, as long as you guys go to help, Mr. Chen can definitely win ……”
Du Nan was a little anxious and followed Hu Puzi and Zhao Beng to explain!
Hu Puzi looked at Du Nan, then took the elixir and dropped it into his mouth without hesitation!
Seeing that Pocky Hu had eaten it, Zhao Barging also took the elixir.
After taking the elixir, the two men’s energy really recovered!
Seeing this, Pocky Hu was overjoyed.
“Let’s go ……”
Soon, several people hurriedly headed towards the forbidden land!
And at this moment, inside the forbidden land, Chen Ping followed that Tiger Li Daxian was still confronting each other, both sides were very cautious!
“Kid, you and I have no enmity, why are you targeting me so much?”
“You just need to leave Penglai Island and I can teach you a few spells, I have lived for thousands of years and have learned countless spells.”
Tiger Li Daxian wanted to follow Chen Ping and beg for peace!
It would be in no one’s interest and unnecessary to continue to consume like this!
“It’s fine if you want me to leave, but you have to tell me what the hell is going on with the stone statue behind you? Who the hell are you people!”
Chen Ping asked curiously to Tiger Li Daxian.