Seeing this, Chen Ping didn’t say anything more, but got up and arched his hand, ready to follow Du Nan and leave!
“Wait a minute!” Just as Chen Ping was about to leave, Du Ziteng suddenly shouted, “This little brother, dare I ask your honorable name?”
After talking for half a day, Du Ziteng still didn’t know what Chen Ping’s name was!
“Chen Ping!”
Chen Ping indifferently said his name!
When Chen Ping said his name, the atmosphere was instantly embarra*sed on the spot!
Du Ziteng’s face changed again instantly, including that of Du Nan, whose gaze towards Chen Ping also changed several times!
Only after a long while did Du Ziteng speak, “Do you know Du Da?”
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes, he was killed by me ……”
Seeing Chen Ping’s admission, Du Ziteng took a deep breath, trying hard in calming down his mood.
After a moment of silence again, Du Ziteng continued to speak, “Du Da was my elder brother, his desires were too strong and he ended up getting himself killed, I know a thing or two about what happened between you and my brother, he was to blame for everything, listening to that Zhu Zhishan’s bullsh*t!”
He had originally thought that Du Ziteng would turn against him and kill him on the spot, but he did not expect Du Ziteng to say such words.
In that case, Chen Ping did not know what to say!
“Mr. Chen, let’s go ……”
Du Nan took Chen Ping’s few people away in this awkward atmosphere.
Although there was no change on Du Nan’s face, he obviously talked much less.
“You guys will stay here, someone will take care of your upbringing and living ……”
After Du Nan had found a room for Chen Ping and the others, he turned around and left!
After Du Nan left, Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping: “Wouldn’t you have just made up a random name?”
“I did it on purpose!” Chen Ping said.
“On purpose? Did you deliberately let them know that you were the one who killed Duda?”
Hu Ma Zi was puzzled as to why Chen Ping would do that!
“Not bad, I just wanted to see how they would behave, that Du Ziteng is hiding too deep, there is not a single truth he said.”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared.
Although Du Ziteng’s strength was not high, but with this one conversation, Chen Ping knew that this Du Ziteng was really powerful inside.
Just from that conversation just now, no one could tell the truth of what he said!
“Then, if you use your divine sense to probe, is there any secret in this palace or not?”
Hu Ma Zi hurriedly asked.
Chen Ping nodded, “There is, at the end of this palace, my divine sense was blocked, as if it was cut off by something out of thin air, which means that there must be some secret hidden there!”
“Moreover, I found that those stone statues kneeling down were all inflicted with formations, able to draw spiritual energy from others, although weak, they can accumulate a little into a lot.”
“This kind of ability is by no means something that that Du Ziteng can achieve, behind Du Ziteng, there must be someone else who is controlling everything here.”
“That Du Ziteng, or even the entire Du family, is nothing more than a puppet!”
Chen Ping carefully analysed!
“Then let’s sneak out at night and take a look.”
Once Hu Ma Zi heard that, he got excited!
Chen Ping nodded, “I have just such an intention!”
“I’ll go too ……,” Zhao Beng heard, and wanted to follow to join in the fun!
“Don’t go, with your strength, if you are discovered, there is no way to run!”
Chen Ping rejected Zhao Barging straight away!
Soon, on the dark and windy night, two figures quickly headed towards the end of the palace!
These two figures were none other than Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
Dodging all the guards, the two men reached the end and were stopped in their tracks by a fence.
“Why is there no way out?”
Hu Pazzi said in surprise.
“No way is right, there must be a mechanism here!”
Chen Ping said and searched carefully.