Demon Sealing Alliance Headquarters!
When Zuo Tianzheng saw the scene in front of him, he was completely dumbfounded, his face full of incredulity!
“How could this …… this …… be like this?”
How could Zuo Tianzheng not have thought that Elder Chu, who had always been known for his Zhuge Divine Calculations, was actually being counted by the Second Prince of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty at this moment!
It seems that this second prince never intended to betray his father at all, and was just deceiving the Demon Sealing Alliance in the beginning!
“These damned ones, I’m going to personally lead a crusade against the Xiao Dynasty!”
Zuo Tianzheng roared angrily!
The Tenth Highness then blankly glanced at that Zuo Tianzheng and said, “Idiot ……”
After saying that, that Tenth Highness’s figure even suddenly disappeared without leaving a trace, as if it had never come!
“The tenth highness, the tenth highness ……”
Zuo Tianzheng shouted for half a day, but there wasn’t the slightest response at all!
And at this moment in the Xiao Dynasty’s Imperial City, the many cultivators of the Demon Sealing Alliance had long been killed and injured, running and fleeing!
Patriarch Zhou ran hundreds of miles in a single breath, with Tian Luo and Tian Sha following closely behind!
At this moment they suddenly felt that this Patriarch of theirs was quite good!
At the very least, when there was danger, he would be able to react at the first opportunity to escape!
By following him, they were at least able to save their lives!
Xiao Jian, on the other hand, led that old monk towards Xiao Feng and Yu Wenqiang!
“Prime Minister Yu, I hope you’ll forgive me for the offence just now!”
The old monk saluted Yu Wenqiang!
“Master is serious!”Yu Wenqiang hurriedly waved his hand!
“Big brother, Prime Minister Yu, that Sealing Demon Alliance has already approached me in advance, and I didn’t follow Father’s report in order to catch the Sealing Demon Alliance off guard!”
“This time, the Sealing Demon Alliance has suffered a loss and has suffered tragic damage, so it is estimated that it will not be posing a threat to our Xiao Dynasty for a short period of time!”
Xiao Jian said truthfully!
“Second Prince, just now, the old minister misunderstood you and really deserved to die for his offence!”
Yu Wenqiang said, unexpectedly about to kneel down!
Seeing this, Xiao Jian hurriedly assisted Yu Wenqiang and said, “Prime Minister Yu, you are also doing this for the Xiao Dynasty, for the sake of the people of the dynasty, why would you be guilty of this!”
“Please also ask Prime Minister Yu to take me to meet my father, and after making things clear, I am going to return to Cangwolf City!”
Xiao Jian knew that although he had helped fight off the Demon Sealing Alliance, in order not to cause any misunderstandings, he had to return to Cangwolf City as soon as possible with his people!
“Brother, since you’ve returned, stay in the Imperial City, it’s always much more comfortable than that small border town of Cangwolf City, and there are more resources here.”
“I’ll go find Father to make it clear that as the same imperial son, Father must not treat them differently!”
Xiao Feng was also very guilty and unjust inside after knowing what happened to Xiao Jian!
He felt that it was simply unfair to Xiao Jian!
He was not afraid that Xiao Jian would snatch the throne from himself, even if he were to give the current Crown Prince position to Xiao Jian, Xiao Feng would not hesitate!
Xiao Feng wasn’t interested in being the crown prince, but he had always thought that he was the only prince of the Xiao Dynasty, so he could only carry this responsibility!
Now since there was still the Xiao Sword, Xiao Feng wanted to follow Zhu Qingyue to double up and be a dual cultivation partner and cultivate together, wouldn’t it be fast!
“Big brother, you ……”
Xiao Jian hadn’t finished speaking when there was a sudden loud bang!
Rumble …………
The sound had just fallen, and a terrifying aura directly broke through the air, heading straight for the crowd!
Seeing this scene, everyone was shocked as the aura was too terrifying!
“Could it be that the Demon Sealing Alliance still has experts?”
Yu Wenqiang frowned and said!
“Master Limitless, it’s up to you!”
Xiao Jian felt the terrifying aura, so he said to the old monk beside him!
“Amitabha Buddha, poor monk offering ……”
Master Limitless nodded!
He only saw his hands clasped together and blocked in front of the crowd, and then recited something under his breath!