Chen Ping was also surprised, looking at where he was standing, the distance had just differed by more than ten metres.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he had just unintentionally actually used the Royal Fire Steps, although he had not fully mastered it, so he had just retreated a step to a dozen metres away!
Discovering that this Royal Fire Step was so good, Chen Ping regretted a little, at that time, if he did not make that Fire Spirit Star Sovereign angry, perhaps now his own Royal Fire Step would be able to appear miles away in a single step!
In that case, he wouldn’t have to be so afraid of Qi Peijia, but there was no use regretting, there was no medicine for regret in the world!
Chen Ping can only slowly study by himself in the future!
At this time, Bai Shallow and Fire Phoenix, led the Sheng family to quickly flee, the Sheng family, while fleeing, constantly laid down formations, wanting to hinder Qi Peijia’s pursuit!
However, Qi Peijia did not even look at it, but instead stared at Chen Ping to death!
Then the abundant demonic qi in Qi Peijia’s body emanated from his body and instantly condensed into a fierce tiger, charging towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping wanted to perform the Royal Fire Steps again to dodge, but this time, he failed and was directly hit by the condensed tiger, ruthlessly impacting his body!
Chen Ping’s body, like an arrow off the string, instantly flew backwards!
Then it kept hitting the trees behind it, smashing the ground out of a deep pit!
“Master …………”
When the Fire Phoenix saw that Chen Ping was actually sent flying, his eyes turned scarlet!
“Fire Phoenix, don’t be impulsive, quickly go ……”
Bai Shao pulled Fire Phoenix and quickly fled into the distance!
Looking at Chen Ping who had been knocked down by his own single strike, Qi Peijia was filled with a cold smile, as for the fleeing Fire Phoenix and the others, Qi Peijia did not even look at them!
He would kill Chen Ping and then go after these people, with the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, he was not afraid that these would be able to escape!
Chen Ping slowly climbed out of the deep pit!
Just now that blow was very powerful, but Chen Ping had the Unbreakable Golden Body to protect his body, coupled with his own strong physical body, Qi Peijia wanted to kill Chen Ping in one blow, that was also unrealistic!r>
Seeing that Chen Ping did not die, Qi Peijia once again took a step out and went straight towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked back at the fleeing Fire Phoenix and the others, but this time he did not choose to dodge, instead he fought and swung out a fist!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
As Chen Ping swung out this fist, golden light appeared, and the sky, which had just been dim, was instantly illuminated brightly!
“Hmph, carving small skills ……”
Qi Peijia snorted coldly as his body was instantly covered with Black Demon Armour!
The Holy Light Fist struck the body and directly exploded into countless golden lights, scattering as if it was a firework!
While after the strike, Chen Ping flew back!
At this time, the Fire Phoenix girls had already fled far away, and Chen Ping was also going to flee, it was impossible to stay and follow Qi Peijia’s fight!
“I told you, you can’t escape ……”
Qi Peijia’s body was filled with black mist, and then countless strips of black mist transformed into chains that went straight towards Chen Ping like tentacles!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only take out his Dragon Chopping Sword and chopped towards those black mists in a smooth manner!
The sword chopped out, directly cutting off one of the chains made of black mist, but several more chains began to wrap around Chen Ping’s body!
Seeing this situation, Chen Ping knew that he would not be able to block the Qipai Armour without using the Divine King Bow!
Just as those black mist chains were about to reach Chen Ping, Chen Ping took out his God King Bow!
With a casual pull, the Divine King Bow was directly drawn to full strength!
Countless densely-packed light arrows appeared on the bow, which were crystal clear like ice sculptures!
In the heavens and earth, countless points of light gathered towards Chen Ping’s Divine King Bow!
The sky all around appeared with visions, and the void unexpectedly began to distort.
The terrifying aura of the God King Bow continued to spread towards the surroundings!
Swish …………
As soon as Chen Ping let go of his hand, countless light arrows shot out, and those black gas chains, after touching the arrow feathers shot from the God King’s Bow, instantly turned into nothingness and disappeared without a trace!