Ono Jiro looked at Chen Ping, he knew that he was an ant in front of Chen Ping, he was powerless to fight back!
“Where is the girl you captured?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Ono Jiro.
“Kid, come along if you have the guts ……”
Ono Jiro’s eyes flashed with a cold aura, and with a fierce clenching of his teeth, he seemed to be making some kind of decision!
Chen Ping followed behind Ono Jiro, and as he continued to go deeper and deeper, the horrible bloody aura became thicker and thicker!
Soon, Chen Ping noticed that the originally dry stone walls were starting to get a little damp and the ground was wet!
When he reached a stone door, Jiro Ono stopped in his tracks and looked at the stone door in front of him, seemingly hesitating!
And looking at Chen Ping who was approaching behind him, Ono Jiro violently pushed open the stone door and then walked in!
Chen Ping did not hesitate either, and directly followed him in.
But when Chen Ping walked through the stone door, he realized that behind it turned out to be a very wide hall!
And in the middle of the hall there was a circular altar, in the middle of which a big spider kept spitting out silk threads, and around the big spider there was a cage made of light!
On the stone walls of the hall, there was actually a silkworm chrysalis-like thing, which were all clinging to the stone walls and wrapped in silk threads all around!
Chen Ping did not expect that there was a demonic beast here, but looking at the size of the spider and the aura emanating from it, it was obviously a high level demonic beast!
It was estimated to have the strength of a Martial Marquis or a Grand Martial Marquis, knowing that of equal strength, demonic beasts were much tougher than humans.
“Kid, you actually dare to follow me, if I let this spider beast out, you will definitely die ……”
Ono Jiro threatened at Chen Ping.
“Cut the f*cking crap, you do release it, if I’m right, this big spider, I guess it doesn’t listen to you either?”
“If you let it out, you’ll be the first one he eats!”
Chen Ping said with a cold laugh.
Ono Jiro’s face turned a little ugly, obviously because Chen Ping had guessed correctly.
“You’d better quit, if you force me, I’ll die with you ……”
Ono Jiro put his hand on a stone wall, and it looked like the top was the eye of the spell formation!
Chen Ping glanced at the big spider, his eyes began to become fiery, then the Dragon Chopping Sword was slowly offered up!
This kind of demonic beast, you know that beast pellets are a rare treasure!
Even if Ono Jiro didn’t release it, Chen Ping had no intention of letting go of this demonic beast in front of him!
“Don’t f*cking talk nonsense, let it out if you have the guts ……”
Chen Ping was standing at attention, ready to deal with the demonic beast!
“I …… I can really let it out ……”
Ono Jiro was trembling slightly!
“D*mn, what a lot of nonsense ……”
Chen Ping raised his Dragon Cutting Sword and slashed out towards that Ono Jiro with a single blow!
The terrifying power whistled up like a ray of light, instantly flying towards Ono Jiro!
Ono Jiro saw this and pressed his palm!
A piercing sound was heard, and immediately afterwards the beam of light around the spider beast disappeared, while the spider beast hissed and lunged at the nearest Onojiro!
Clang …………
Chen Ping’s sword, which was blocked by that spider beast, struck the spider beast’s body!
There was a crunching sound, and the spider beast hissed in pain, but it didn’t hurt the spider beast!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s face became a little ugly!
Although he hadn’t used his full strength with that sword, it hadn’t even broken the spider beast’s defence!
The spider beast looked at Chen Ping, but instead of attacking Chen Ping, it opened its mouth and bit down on Ono Jiro!
Seeing this, Ono Jiro leapt up and kicked at the silkworm chrysalis attached to the stone wall!
The chrysalis-like object flew towards the spider beast, which instantly caught it between its two legs, followed by two sharp claws that directly cut the silk threads on the outside!