When Lin Keting saw Chen Ping, her mind was in a trance, feeling the temperature of Chen Ping’s chest and the affectionate eyes, Lin Keting felt like she was going to fall.
She didn’t understand, having just followed Chen Ping to get to know just, how could Chen Ping be so concerned about her.
“I’m fine ……,” Lin Keting looked at Chen Ping and smiled faintly.
And Chen Ping followed Lin Keting’s four eyes and slowly kept getting closer.
Lin Keting’s heart started to beat faster, she knew what Chen Ping was going to do, he was going to kiss himself.
Lin Keting wanted to dodge, but found that she could not move at all, her body had no strength at all.
In the end, Lin Keting could only close her eyes and wait for Chen Ping’s kiss, at this time, Lin Keting actually had some expectations deep inside her heart.
Buzz ……
Suddenly, a golden light emerged from Lin Keting’s palm, accompanied by a buzzing in her sea of consciousness, Lin Keting also regained her consciousness.
She realised that Chen Ping hadn’t even hugged himself, much less tried to kiss himself.
It was all just an illusion, and Chen Ping was still watching her from afar.
Lin Keting didn’t understand how she could have such an illusion, luckily others didn’t know about it, otherwise she would have died of shame.
“Damn thing, almost made a fool of me ……”
Lin Keting stared angrily at the three statues, then slapped her palm towards one of them.
Boom!
Lin Keting’s palm went down, and the statue unexpectedly did not move.
Only then did Lin Keting remember that she didn’t have any spiritual energy left in her body, and she didn’t have any sword intent, and she was able to get rid of the illusion by relying on the runes in her palm.
However, when the crowd saw that Lin Keting did not faint and was knocked down by the illusion, they were also very surprised, but still no one dared to approach.
“Eldest Miss, I’ll …… do it.”
Seeing this, the Right Blind Elder waved the longsword in his hand, and a sword intent rose up along the way.
Boom!
The sword intent ruthlessly chopped on top of that stone statue, and the stone statue instantly crumbled .
After the stone statue crumbled, there was a dagger hidden in the stone statue, the dagger looked blood-red all over, and there was even a bloody gas emanating out from within the dagger.
“What is this thing?”
Lin Keting reached out to take that dagger, but was stopped by Chen Ping with a healthy step.
“Miss Lin, do not touch this object, this dagger has too strong a Yin Fateful Qi on it, your current body cannot carry it.”
Chen Ping had detected the Yin Fury Qi on that dagger the moment it appeared.
If everyone’s strength had not been suppressed, the Yin Fiend Qi on the dagger might not be able to cause much damage.
But now that they were all ordinary people, even if very little Yin Fiend Qi entered their bodies, they would not be able to withstand it.
Lin Keting looked at Chen Ping, then gave her hand back, now she had trust in Chen Ping.
“Demon dagger, this is a heavenly divine weapon ……”
A middle-aged man wearing a black robe suddenly shouted in excitement at this moment, then desperately rushed over, wanting to take that dagger in his hands.
Seeing this, the Right Blind Elder reached out with his hand’s long sword, directly stopping that black-robed middle-aged man, and said in a cold voice, “Damn it, this is something our Missy has found, and you dare to move it as well?”
The black-robed middle-aged man froze, followed by two steps backward, just now the right blind elder chopped through the stone statue with a sword, they could all see it with their own eyes!
In this place where spiritual energy was sealed, Elder Right Blind still had this kind of strength, of course he was scared.
“Although this stone statue was broken by you guys, but we found it first ah, if we say that this thing is yours, we are not convinced.”
The old man who had just opened his mouth said.
He had just retreated back after fighting to the death, now that there was a divine weapon inside the stone statue and they couldn’t get it, who would be convinced!
“That’s right, we discovered the stone statue first ……”
“You opened the entrance spell formation, we paid the spirit stones to come in, we can’t have everything inside here be yours, right?”
“The big deal is that we spend spirit stones to buy it, right?”
The crowd was a bit unconvinced and shouted!