“Mr Chen, these people should all be captured by the Blood and Bone Sect in preparation for cultivation.”
“But all of them are trapped by formations, and we can’t do anything about it ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had arrived, Patriarch Jiang hurriedly said.
Chen Ping nodded, then swept a glance at the formation, there was a cold and evil and sneaky aura within the formation, all coming out from the surrounding area, and the brows of the cultivators inside had to suffer from this aura!
It seems that the blood and bone door is not just sucking blood and bone ah, will also let these cultivators in this cold and sneaky breath in the survival of a period of time, such as these cultivators body is full of this breath, in the use of cultivation will be twice as effective!
But this method, for these cultivators, is extremely cruel!
“This formation is used to instil the cultivators with Yin Fury Qi, these Blood and Bone Sect people are simply bad ……”
Chen Ping said with a frown!
“It’s too much, if Master was alive in heaven, he would hate these guys, they would do anything to cultivate!”
Patriarch Jiang’s forehead veins bulged in anger after hearing Chen Ping’s words!
Although the Soul Demon Sect was also a demonic cultivation sect, it had never done anything to harm the heavens, even if it was other demonic cultivation sects, compared to the Blood and Bone Sect, it was really nothing!
These guys from the Blood and Bone Sect, sucking blood and gnawing on bones is not enough, but also to raise people in the Yin Yin and Wei Qi, so that these people live in pain and fear all day long!
This kind of torture will make people break down, and even make people crazy, and the Blood and Bone Sect exploits exactly this!
The more fearful and epileptic the cultivator was, the more helpful it would be to their cultivation!
“Blood and Bone Sect these brutes, killing people to cultivate is not even a problem, but they even use such an evil method, this mountain full of skeletons, I don’t know how many cultivators, died under this kind of fear and pain ah!”
“Killing them is simply too cheap, they should be allowed to suffer and die in pain ……”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master was covered in anger and said viciously!
Patriarch Jiang, on the other hand, had a face of self-reproach, these masterpieces could all be made by his master brothers, he really didn’t expect that his master brothers who had learnt together for many years were all demons one by one!
“Mr Chen, it’s better to release these people first, no matter what, these people were tortured by the Blood and Bone Sect to this state, my Soul Demon Sect deserves to help them recover!”
Patriarch Jiang wanted to help these cultivators recover so that he could feel better in his heart!
Chen Ping nodded and casually struck out a few auras, instantly breaking that formation!
This kind of formation was not advanced, only for those who did not know the art of formation, it would be difficult to break it.
What’s more, these people’s strengths weren’t high, the highest was only the second or third rank of the Transition Realm!
Along with the formation breaking open, the Yin Fiendish Qi inside instantly dissipated, and the eyes of those cultivators slowly became calmer from fear!
After realising that Chen Ping and the others were not from the Blood and Bone Sect, but had come to save them, the dozen or so cultivators were so pleasantly surprised that they fell to their knees, tears streaming down their faces!
Originally, they thought they were dead, but now they were saved, this joy of regaining a new life was beyond words!
Especially every day, watching the cultivators around them, being taken away one by one, listening to the agonising screams, feeling the Yin Fiendish Qi around them, this torment was incomparably painful, and in some cases more terrifying than death!
This feeling of not being able to live and not being able to die was the most torturous!
“Fellow Daoists, the Blood and Bone Sect has been completely eradicated, you are all very weak now, I will arrange for someone to help you recover.”
Patriarch Jiang looked at these people and said with shame!
When these people heard this, each one of them were grateful to Patriarch Jiang, especially when they heard that the Blood and Bone Sect had been destroyed, each one of them couldn’t mention how happy they were, and once again, they knelt down and kowtowed!