At this moment, both Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix also rushed over from next door, but Xue Kun wasn’t afraid!
After all, these few people, none of them had a higher strength than him!
After hearing Xue Kun’s words, Chen Ping then smiled and looked at Bai Shao and said, “This is your art of mastering people?Is this what you yourself say you’re good at?”
“Just relying on posture to hang kaiju, after a long time, kaiju can also understand over, in order to make people obedient, or strength.”
Bai Shao glared at Chen Ping, then said in a rude manner, “You’re still laughing at me, people are going to play with your woman, aren’t you angry?”
“What’s there to be angry about, this proves that my woman has poise ah, a lot of people have hit on the idea of the woman beside me, it’s just a pity that they are all dead!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he looked towards that Xue Kun and said, “A mere ninth rank of the Transition Realm, you dare to get your hands on my woman?”
Xue Kun frowned and stared dead at Chen Ping, “Your women?”
“Of course, your empress is now my woman, by the way I should be your extra horse harnessed by the side of a team.”
“Why don’t you kneel down when you see the emperor’s son-in-law?”
Chen Ping said with a playful face!
“I pooh pooh, you’re just a small cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, how could the Empress possibly fancy you, if you dare to talk nonsense, I’ll skin you!”
Xue Kun simply did not believe what Chen Ping said!
Seeing that Xue Kun didn’t believe him, Chen Ping directly embraced Bai Shao and kissed her, and even went up and down!
Bai Shao, however, did not resist or dodge!
This time, it made that Xue Kun furious!
“Skin me?Do you have that ability?”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, his figure flashed away!
Before that Xue Kun could react, he directly received a mouthful and his entire body flew out of the room!
Chen Ping and the rest of them also walked out!
Xue Kun looked at Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity, he would never have imagined that a small cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, how could he possibly whip himself away with a slap?”
The many guards in the surroundings also looked on in shock.
“Kid, you seek death ……”
Xue Kun let out a roar and a dog bear appeared vaguely behind him!
The dog bear opened its bloody mouth, its teeth and claws, and the aura of the ninth rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm continuously pressed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, let out a cold hum, “A dog bear, also want to play with my woman ……”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Crystal in front of his chest continuously flickered, and the terrifying power of the Divine Dragon erupted!
A golden dragon appeared behind Chen Ping!
The golden dragon roared with might and dominance, causing the surrounding guards to fall to their knees!
Seeing this, Xue Kun’s brows furrowed, and there was clearly a hint of panic in his eyes!
He did not expect that Chen Ping was actually a Dragon Race!
“So what if you are a dragon, with your strength of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, you will never try to kill me!”
Xue Kun roared, and the dog-bear figure behind him continued to grow in size!
“Then with the addition of me, can I kill you?”
The fire phoenix turned around and directly transformed into its own body!
The huge fire phoenix burned with blazing flames as it hovered in the air!
The appearance of the fire phoenix caused the crowd of Hu Huang City to all kneel down when they saw this scene!
Xue Kun looked at the fire phoenix in front of him and was directly dumbfounded!
Before Xue Kun could react, the accompanying golden dragon and fire phoenix spewed flames from its mouth, directly burning Xue Kun to death!
The cultivator of the ninth rank of the Transition Realm was actually directly burned to death, not having the time to resist at all!
It was only at this time that the many guards realised how terrifying Chen Ping, who appeared to be no more than the fourth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, was!
This Xue Kun had just been promoted to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, and this strength was indeed not enough for Chen Ping to see!
One must know that a cultivator of the first rank of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping was able to battle, a promoted cultivator of the ninth rank of the Transition realm, that was still not an easy kill!
Xue Kun didn’t understand until he died, how did he die?
He even more didn’t understand that Bai Shao knew so many friends from that tableau!