“Don’t break my great hall, I’ll wait for you outside ……”
Having said that, that Song Qingping actually walked out slowly with his hands behind his back, those few cronies following close behind!
“D*mn, this guy is too tugging, I’ll meet him.”
Looking at that Song Qingping’s tugging look, Jiang Wei was a bit restless.
“Brother Jiang, no need to be angry, I’ll do it.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly!
At this moment, Chen Ping had the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, so even if he was facing the peak of the Great Martial Marquis, he was not afraid at all anymore.
Everyone walked out of the hall, and as Hu Ma Zi walked out of the hall, he couldn’t help but sneak a glance at Zhou Jie!
He wanted to go up and comfort Zhou Jie, but he didn’t know how to do it!
When he arrived in the courtyard of the Demon Spirit Sect, Chen Ping followed Song Qingping and stood opposite each other!
A powerful aura suddenly erupted as he saw Song Qingping slowly raise his hand!
Boom!
With him as the centre, a huge force, like a tsunami, rushed towards Chen Ping!
A wild wind swept through the entire secret realm, and the whole mysterious realm trembled!
The bricks on the ground all became torn apart and the houses shook as if the secret realm was about to collapse!
Feeling the terrifying power, everyone hid far away and watched in silence!
“The peak of the Great Martial Marquis, it really is powerful ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but frown slightly as he felt the explosive pressure all around him!
“Haha, Chen Ping, if you only think that this is the power of the peak of a Grand Martial Marquis on my part alone, then you are very wrong.”
“This is a secret realm, one that has laws, and I am the one who made the laws.”
As Song Qingping spoke, by the chaotic space of the four laws, an invisible force came in, just like a huge mountain, constantly pressing towards Chen Ping!
The floor tiles beneath Chen Ping’s feet directly collapsed, and the bones in his body made a cackling sound!
At this moment, Chen Ping understood that in this mysterious realm, Song Qingping was like one of those masters of formations, after setting up a formation, one’s strength would increase greatly inside, and he could also adjust it at any time.
Although this secret realm was not created by Song Qingping, but Song Qingping had lived in this secret realm for many years, so he must know the laws of it!
Chen Ping’s face slowly began to change, and his body trembled slightly.
If he just resisted that Song Qingping’s power hard, Chen Ping was confident, but this Song Qingping had even the power of the laws in the secret realm, which made Chen Ping a bit overwhelmed.
But soon, Chen Ping felt that this power was very familiar!
When Chen Ping was travelling through that chaotic space, he also needed to grit his teeth and carry this power!
This was the power of the laws, and this should be the case that the bigger the secret realm, the stronger the power of the laws would be!
Looking at Chen Ping’s slightly trembling body, Song Qingping couldn’t help but sneer, “The outside world has really overestimated your strength, I wonder why someone would like this flesh of yours.”
“Chen Ping, I said, I won’t kill you, don’t you meddle in our Demon Spirit Sect’s affairs, or else I’ll tear you apart with a wave of my hand and a huge force.”
Song Qingping was still thinking of reconciling with Chen Ping, just don’t start a conflict!
Chen Ping’s flesh was something that the great powers had their eyes on, Song Qingping had no way to get at it, and when the time came, even if he fought, he would still be afraid.
He was afraid of getting into Chen Ping’s flesh, so Song Qingping didn’t want to follow Chen Ping into a fight!
As long as Chen Ping left, whether he saved his girlfriend or went to Penglai Island, there were good traps waiting for him, so Song Qingping wasn’t in a hurry to deal with Chen Ping!
“Hmph, a mere force of laws, I can carry it.”
Chen Ping finished speaking, and with a fierce shout, the Dragon Chopper Sword instantly appeared in his hand!
The Chopping Dragon Sword slashed out, causing a vision of heaven and earth, an incomparably fierce sword Qi that went straight for that Song Qingping.
Seeing this, Song Qingping hurriedly made a side turn, dodging Chen Ping’s sharp sword qi.