“Why is there a need for a discovery when entering the city?”Chen Ping asked!
“Of course it’s to prevent other races from entering Beast City, in the past, when someone from the human race or the demon race entered Beast City, all of them were put in the prison.”
“There are also those who are brutal in nature and cannot enter the Beast City to prevent unrest!”
“There are many rules within the Beast City, you have come to the Beast City less, so you need to pay more attention.”
Missy reminded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded after hearing this, now he was considered to understand a little!
All of the cultivators within this Beast City were of the Beast Race, and the large area outside of Beast City was also mostly of the Beast Race!
However, there would also be some Human and Demon Race cultivators mixed in!
It should be that when this area was drawn back then, there were also some cultivators of the Human and Devil races that were drawn in here!
The entire area was blocked by an illusion formation, so no matter if it was a human or devil cultivator, they couldn’t leave this place anymore!
“You guys are mistaken, I’m not human, how could I be human?”
“Look at my figure, and this beast race aura, how could I be a human race?”
At this time, a quarrel came from the city gates!
A burly man with a huge build was following the guards of the Beast City in an argument!
The hurried guards surrounded the burly man, who was still arguing with reason!
“Although you are filled with the aura of the beast race, you can’t hide the aura of the human race deep within you.”
“Don’t presume to be able to blend in, it’s better to obediently tie your hands!”
A guard leader said coldly!
Chen Ping glanced at the burly man, eighth grade strength of the Transition Realm, he was considered an expert!
“Since you guys have defamed me as a human, it’s always fine if I don’t enter the city, right?”
The strong man said, about to turn around and leave, not entering the city!
“Sorry, you have to come with us!”
The guard leader said!
“Who am I to go with you? I just won’t go with you, what can you do to me?”
“You guard dogs, you’re only at the fifth rank of the Transition Realm, you still want to stop me?”
The burly man laughed out loud, his body’s aura instantly exploding!
Boom!
The surrounding guards were instantly shaken out under the explosion of aura!
And that human aura was directly exposed under the burly man’s outburst!
He was the human cultivator!
After sending the guards flying, the burly man left in quick steps, wanting to escape this place!
Seeing this, the guards didn’t chase after him, but quietly looked at the fleeing strong man!
“This strong man is finished, since he is directly a human, why should he think of blending into the city?”
Missy said as she looked at the fleeing strong man!
Just as the youngest sister’s words fell, suddenly a white light flashed, this white light went straight to the strong man!
Poof!
This strong man of the eighth grade of the Transition Realm was simply too late to react in any way, and was directly pierced through by that white light, and his huge body fell to the ground, and his divine form was destroyed, and he directly died!
Until his death, this strong man still had his eyes wide open and his mouth rounded out with an unbelievable expression.
After all, being able to kill a cultivator of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm in seconds was by no means simple!
After the death of the strong man, a cultivator in white slowly fell down from above the city tower, then rummaged through the storage bag on the strong man’s body, followed by a gentle wave of the palm of his hand, and the body of the strong man instantly flew away in ashes!
“Why bother ……”
The white-clothed cultivator shook his head slightly, and then leapt back on top of the city tower with a single leap!
Flying wasn’t allowed within a hundred miles of this Beast City, but this white-clothed cultivator came and went as he pleased!
“What kind of person is this? How is he able to fly?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!
“This is the Beast City’s City Gate General, of course he can fly, the Beast City’s rules are set for ordinary cultivators, not for these City Lord’s Office sergeants.”
The youngest sister followed Chen Ping and said!
“Only the officials are allowed to set fires but not the people?”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while!