There were also the clan families that he had summoned, if he lost and died, these clan families would inevitably be liquidated by the Mu Family as well!
Therefore, Chen Ping could not lose!
No matter what kind of strength that Mu Qing had, he could not lose!
The Holy Light Fist came out!
The various Origin sources within Chen Ping’s body were all in a frenzy, especially the Time Origin, which was being utilised to the extreme by Chen Ping!
Between the heavens and the earth, countless origin auras crazily filled Chen Ping’s body!
The power of the Divine Dragon, the power of the Origin, and even the power of the three races together emitted ten thousand rays of light around Chen Ping’s body, making Chen Ping appear as if he was a god descending from the earth!
The Holy Light Fist was wielded in a seemingly simple and unadorned manner!
However, it contained all kinds of power within Chen Ping’s body, and even had the flavour of the Great Dao of Heaven and Earth!
And around Chen Ping, a void was formed!
“Devil Power?”
Mu Qing’s eyes revealed incredulity, he didn’t think that Chen Ping would also know magic power?
To know, he had never sensed a trace of demonic aura on Chen Ping’s body, so how did Chen Ping know demonic power?
Just when Mu Qing was incredulous, the Holy Light Fist had already arrived in front of him!
The huge fist print was constantly enlarging in Mu Qing’s pupils!
The speed was so fast that Mu Qing did not have any room to fight back at all!
Mu Qing’s heart was in an uproar, he had never thought that Chen Ping was also a deep concealer and had not exerted his full strength just now!
In his eyes, Chen Ping should be a mole cricket!
A mole cricket at the fourth level of the Transition Realm!
But now, the ant in his eyes had even executed a magic power, and it seemed to be no less powerful than him!
This kind of magic power was extremely difficult to master, and only great devils possessed this kind of magic power!
But Chen Ping, a fourth rank of the Transition Realm, and still a casual cultivator, even possessed a devil’s power!
Then what was the Ancient Demonic Skill that he had cultivated for so many years after going through all the hardships and leaving his home town, what did it seem to be now?
“Ah …………”
Mu Qing let out an unwilling roar.
This Holy Light Fist of Chen Ping was enough to make Mu Qing a threat!
Mu Qing accompanied the loud roar as the black Qi in his body spread out, and in the midst of the black mist, a terrifying human face appeared, blocking Mu Qing’s face with open teeth and claws!
Boom!
The Holy Light Fist blasted on top of that terrifying human face, and a stream of breath unexpectedly penetrated the black mist, continuously bombarding that Mu Qing’s body!
Seeing that the human face condensed out of the black aura, there was no way to block the Holy Light Fist!
Mu Qing gritted his teeth, even the breath that penetrated through made Mu Qing feel a chill!
If this punch hit his body, he knew that he would definitely die!
The power of this Holy Light Fist of Chen Ping was beyond his imagination!
“Hmph, I’m more than that!”
Mu Qing roared, and his aura exploded once again, breaking through at once!
The aura of the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm erupted as if it was raging like a furious sea!
After Mu Qing felt the power of Chen Ping’s punch, he decided to stop pretending!
Instantly, he exploded his full strength!
Just as the aura of the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm erupted, the power of the Holy Light Fist was instantly shattered and dissipated with a bang!
The thick black mist, forming a defence, the Holy Light Fist blasted onto it, and directly the breath crumbled and dissipated without a trace!
The heavens and earth returned to normal!
Chen Ping’s punch, which had gathered the strength of his entire body, just dissipated!
The crowd looked at that Mu Qing in horror, the aura that erupted from the Mahayana realm was no longer comparable to that of the Ferry Realm!
This crossing of a large realm was like crossing a chasm!
The increase in strength was also exponential!
The eyes of the crowd looking at Mu Qing at this moment were filled with complexity and fear!
As for Chen Ping, he actually smiled when he saw Mu Qing’s strength of the first rank of the Mahayana realm that had erupted!
That Chief Administrator Liu on the other hand, frowned and shook his head slightly, “Second Gongzi is too impatient, why did he reveal his true strength so quickly?”