Jin Yuan also took out his weapon at this time, and his eyes were ruthless as he said, “It seems that we can only fight, whether we can live or not depends on fate ……”
The matter had come to this point, they only had one way to fight for their lives!
Everyone was standing at attention, their eyes fixed on the front, while the earth trembled more and more, everyone could feel the deathly aura coming on!
“Roar …………”
With a hiss of a demonic beast, all of them roared, a roar that shook the sky.
Luckily, these people were all highly powerful, if they were less powerful, I’m afraid that this roar could have shaken these to death!
Chen Ping slowly raised his hands, and a light rose up around the crowd, followed by a wave of aura descending from the sky and sweeping out in all directions!
The crowd was shocked as they felt the powerful aura of the formation, turning the surroundings into a brick wall!
“The power of this spell formation, I’m afraid it would take a long time for me to break it ……”
Lv Factory said with emotion as he looked at the spell formation where the spiritual light was flowing!
Lv factory sighed, Chen Ping’s strength had surprisingly increased a lot, when he was in Penglai Island, at that time, Chen Ping was still weak, but now he was already so strong!
“Although this spell formation is strong, it can only block one attack from the tide of beasts, so it doesn’t seem to be very powerful!”
Jin Yuan snorted coldly!
Jin Yuan’s words drew blank stares from many people, this clearly relied on others’ spell formations to save his life, yet he was speaking in a sarcastic manner!
“Jin Yuan, this spell formation is not powerful, don’t stay in here, why don’t you go out, I’ll see how you, Grand Duke Jin, can slaughter the tide of beasts!”
Ge Yuhan said to Jin Yuan in a very unpleasant manner.
Ge Yuhan’s words caused Jin Yuan’s face to turn red and white with embarra*sment!
At this moment, Chen Ping stood out and said with a serious face, “Everyone, now that the beast tide has arrived, we must unite as one in order to have any hope of survival, so I don’t want anyone to cower during the battle later in order to save their strength.”
Chen Ping’s words were meant for that Jin Yuan, when the time came for this Jin Yuan to save his strength and not fight to the best of his ability, then they would be in danger!
“Don’t worry, at this time of life and death, who would dare not do their best, that’s not looking for death!”
Factory Lu said to Chen Ping!
“Good, then let’s stand by ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand emitted a buzzing sound, emitting an endless battle intent!
Infected by Chen Ping, the crowd also gritted their teeth, their eyes glowing fiercely as they prepared to fight to the death!
Just as the crowd was standing at attention, the trees in front of them began to fall in large swathes, and countless demonic beasts were already charging over!
These demonic beasts were huge, each with their teeth and claws showing their long fangs!
When these demonic beasts were exposed to the crowd, there were still people who unconsciously tensed up and their bodies trembled slightly!
Because there were too many demonic beasts, thousands of them, black and squashed, if there was no spell formation to stop them, I’m afraid this wave of impact could trample all of them to death underfoot!
Boom ………………
The demonic beasts in front of us finally hit the formation, and then their bodies came to a screeching halt and were directly bounced out!
The demonic beasts behind them followed suit and kept hitting the formation!
Boom boom boom …………
The crowd watched nervously as the demonic beasts couldn’t stop and all crashed into the formation!
Many demonic beasts were knocked down and then trampled to death by other demonic beasts!
The beasts in front tried to stop, but those behind them were still charging forward, so they kept crashing into the formation!
Soon the formation was surrounded by dead demon beasts, but a steady stream of demon beasts were still charging forward!
Everyone was holding their breath, weapons in hand, staring intently at the demonic beasts that were close at hand!
The light of the formation was getting dimmer and dimmer, and everyone knew that it was only a matter of moments before the formation collapsed!