Now that the poisonous snakes were blocking the road, they couldn’t escape, so they could only watch as Qian Feng slowly detoxified the poison!
At the same time, within the cold pool, Chen Ping sat at the bottom of the pool, as motionless as an old monk in meditation, while countless poisonous insects tore at Chen Ping’s body, vying to inject their own venom into Chen Ping’s body first!
Soon, there was already a large amount of venom in Chen Ping’s body, but Chen Ping used his Heart Condensation Technique and began to absorb the venom, transforming it into spiritual energy and storing it in his dantian!
The poisonous insects that bit Chen Ping were soon drained of the venom from his body and then turned into dry corpses that slowly floated to the surface of the water.
One, two …………
Soon, the poisonous insects that tore at Chen Ping became fewer and fewer, while the poisonous insect corpses floating above the pool water became more and more numerous, densely covering the entire water surface!
The spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body was growing rapidly, a burst of bubbles came out from inside Chen Ping’s body, and the surface of the water was like a boiling pot!
Buzz …………
The surface of the water suddenly shook, and Chen Ping under the water opened his eyes, at this time he had actually reached the peak of Foundation Establishment realm, these poisonous insects and the cold qi inside the cold pool, let Chen Ping completely absorbed into his own body!
If someone had touched the water, they would have found that the water was not cold at all, it was even warmer!
At the same time, Qian Feng, who was using the drug addiction bug to suck up the toxin, opened his eyes at this time and opened his mouth so violently that the bug rushed out and re-drilled back into the small porcelain vase!
“Weak, too weak, just such a poison needle still wants my life? What a joke …………”
Qian Feng looked at Bai Zhan Tang and the others with a fierce face!
Seeing that Qian Feng was surprisingly alright, several people’s hearts suddenly felt like death and there was no trace of hope in their eyes!
“Won’t you all kneel down and beg me? Maybe I will be merciful and let you all go!”
Qian Feng asked as he swept his gaze towards the crowd.
But none of them begged for mercy because they already knew that this Qian Feng was not going to let them go, he was just humiliating them!
Seeing that no one was begging for mercy, Qian Feng got a little angry and said with cold eyes, “Since no one is begging for mercy, then I will also let you taste the taste of poisoning, but this poison will not kill you immediately, it will make your body fester and die after suffering for seventy-seven to forty-nine hours!”
Qian Feng said, pulling out a scented capsule-like object, and after opening it, pulled out a handful of powder-like items, ready to throw it at several people!
This time, everyone was terrified, Shen Mengchen was so scared that she cried out, while the others’ faces were also very ugly!
Just when everyone felt certain death, suddenly a crashing sound of water rang out from the cold pool!
Immediately afterwards a huge pillar of water shot up into the sky, and on top of that pillar of water there was actually a man sitting on his knees!
“Mr. Chen, it’s Mr. Chen …………”
Bai Zhantang could see that the person sitting on top of the water pillar was actually Chen Ping.
At this moment, two cold auras burst out from Chen Ping’s eyes, directly causing that Qian Feng’s body to tremble!
Qian Feng turned his head back and when he saw that it was really Chen Ping rushing out from the bottom of the pool, his whole body was dumbfounded!
And when the others saw that Chen Ping was actually still alive, they all became excited.
“Impossible, this is impossible, so much poison, how can it not poison you …………”
Qian Feng couldn’t believe his eyes, so many poisons, not to mention one person, even a herd of elephants could be poisoned, how could Chen Ping be okay!
“Speaking of which, I’d like to thank you for the poison!”
Chen Ping’s body floated down and smiled coldly towards that Qian Feng!
Qian Feng let his eyes look, only to find that above the entire surface of the water, all the poisonous insects had died and were floating on top, black and squashed!