Leaving the Sheng Family, Chen Ping and the others rushed back to the Blood Spirit Valley as fast as they could!
They didn’t take the airship because it was too big a target and could easily be spotted!
Only after returning to the Blood Spirit Valley did Chen Ping and the others breathe a little sigh of relief!
“Dad, Mr Chen, you guys are finally back, we were worried sick.”
Seeing that Chen Ping and the others had returned, Luo Xi hurriedly greeted them!
“Master, have you found the person who massacred many of my brothers and sisters from the Blood Spirit Valley?”
Jin Dong asked!
He couldn’t wait to avenge his masters and brothers right now!
Luo Shouhai shook his head, “Not found, the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast led us to the five major clans, but it wasn’t the five major clans that did it, they just came here and left their scent behind!”
When Jin Dong heard that he did not find them, his brows furrowed as he said, “Master, what should we do then? Did these brothers and sisters die in vain?”
“Ai ……”
Luo Shouhai sighed, he didn’t know what to bar.
“Master Luo Gu, don’t be discouraged, I’ll think of a way to activate the time spell in my hand and see if I can go back to the time when the Blood Spirit Valley was massacred.”
Chen Ping comforted Luo Shouhai and said!
Chen Ping had Wind Demon’s time magic weapon in his hand, and Wind Demon had also given him the password, as to whether he could use it or not, Chen Ping himself didn’t have much certainty, but he could give it a try!
“Mr Chen, you guys are back ……”
Song Tianhai walked over with a few Soulless Hall disciples!
Chen Ping nodded, then looked at Song Tianhai with vigilant eyes!
After all, the fact that he was now worth a hundred year’s worth of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance was something that many people were aware of!
Although that Miles of Voice Transmission was random, Chen Ping did not believe that there were so many people in the Soulless Hall and not a single person who had received an execution order from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
If this Soulless Hall was also seduced by that Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, Chen Ping had to be careful!
Seeing Chen Ping’s wary gaze, Song Tian Hai seemed to have thought of something, so he came up to Chen Ping and said with a grave expression, “Mr Chen, I also know about the Feudal Demon Alliance’s execution order against you, and I also know that the Feudal Demon Alliance will reward a hundred years of offerings.”
“However, Mr Chen, please rest assured that my Soulless Hall is absolutely not going to be helping that Demon Sealing Alliance, and even more so, I won’t make a move against Mr Chen, if Mr Chen can’t trust me, I can immediately leave this place with my Soulless Hall disciples.”
Chen Ping looked at Song Tian Hai and smiled awkwardly, “Hall Master Song, I believe in you, you guys might as well reside in the Blood Spirit Valley, this place is still safe for the time being.”
“Now that you have broken away from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance must be searching for you in a big way as well.”
“Mr Chen, thank you for your trust, if you have any use for my Soulless Hall, I, Song Tian Hai, am obliged.”
Song Tianhai said gratefully!
The Soulless Hall was a dog in the Demon Sealing Alliance, as long as they dared to disobey, they would be executed!
After all, devil cultivators just didn’t have a high status in the entire Celestial Realm!
Those devil cultivators who were unwilling to cooperate with the Demon Seal Alliance would all be slaughtered, and the Demon Seal Alliance was thinking of taking all the devil cultivators in the Celestial Realm under their command and treating them as their own dogs!
Nowadays, the place where devil cultivators can still live peacefully is the area of the Heavenly Devil Mountain, and the entire Southern Region, for the devil cultivators is also more tolerant, unlike other places, see the devil cultivators will kill them all!
This also made the Southern Region have the most devil cultivators, especially in the area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Chen Ping rested for a day in the Blood Spirit Valley before he began to delve into that clock of the Wind Demon!
Although there was a recipe, Chen Ping was always unable to perceive the meaning of the recipe.
Chen Ping knew that in order to activate a time magic weapon, one had to be able to feel the flow of time, to be able to truly feel the speed of time!
Although everyone was able to notice that time was constantly moving forward, very few people truly experienced the flow of time!