The long tail dragged on the ground, leaving behind a gully!
These demonic beasts were very much like the Tyrannosaurus Rex of old, and fortunately, because of their huge size, they moved more slowly, which allowed Luo Xi to never be caught up!
The leading demonic beast let out a hiss, and then in front of Luo Xi, a glass-like barrier appeared, blocking Luo Xi’s forward fall line!
Luo Xi’s face was filled with anxiety as she flipped the longsword in her hand, then swung it violently backwards, thousands of sword awns appeared and headed towards those demonic beasts!
She herself, on the other hand, fought her way towards those barriers and slammed into them!
Luo Xi crashed into those barriers, and surprisingly, a ripple like water ripples appeared on top of the barriers, which could not be broken at all!
Luo Xi had no choice but to go around the road, fortunately, the area of this barrier is not large, Luo Xi just need to go around a little bit can pass!
But this, however, slowed down Luo Xi’s speed!
And behind Luo Xiang, that demonic beast had a big mouth, and those thousands of to sword manes that Luo Xi had swung out were actually all swallowed into the mouth by that demonic beast!
Luckily, Luo Xi didn’t see it, otherwise, she would have been so scared that she wouldn’t even be able to run away!
Only to see that demonic beast swallow those thousands to sword manes into its mouth, chewed twice, and then violently spat it out!
This time, those thousands of sword awns were heading towards Luo Xi!
Luo Xi only felt a chill explode behind him, followed by his pupils shrinking as he turned back violently!
As a result, he saw that thousands of sword awns, flashing with light, were coming!
The sword awns had already arrived in front of his eyes, Luo Xi instinctively let out a cry of alarm, and then took the stone in his hand to block in front of himself!
This was Luo Xi’s instinctive action, because it was too tight, Luo Xi was already too late to react!
Just as Luo Xi raised the stone, suddenly a light emanated from the stone, and there were all sorts of marvellous patterns on it!
A very peculiar force caused those sword awnings to fall and disappear!
Luo Xi escaped from death, he didn’t have time to carefully observe the stone in his hand, and could only run as hard as he could to escape!
And those demonic beasts, after seeing the stone emitting light, became even more frantic, hissing loudly and desperately chasing after Luo Xi!
At this time, Chen Ping was also rapidly arriving, and he was already able to see Luo Xi’s figure from afar!
After seeing those demonic beasts behind Luo Xi, Chen Ping also had a big headache!
Hundreds of demonic beasts, chasing Luo Xi together, this was a bit difficult!
Chen Ping himself could not possibly stop these hundreds of crazy demonic beasts!
The hundreds of demonic beasts once again let out a hissing roar, while in front of Luo Xi, densely packed barriers appeared!
These barriers were transparent, and in the void, without seeing them carefully, they could not be seen at all!
It wasn’t until Luo Xi slammed headfirst into the barriers that he realised that the path in front of him had been blocked again!
Luo Xi also used the old method and went around from one side, but this time he couldn’t go around.
This was because this time there were too many barriers that appeared, directly extending out for a long distance!
Luo Xi frowned and became even more flustered, then slashed down hard with the longsword in her hand!
She wanted to shatter the barrier, but when Luo Xi slashed down, it was as if she had chopped through the air, the longsword slashed through the barriers, and then those barriers resumed!
Luo Xi froze, then swung her sword again, but it was still the same, the barrier seemed like it couldn’t be cut open at all!
This time, Luo Xi was shocked and looked at those demonic beasts behind him, truly unable to cry!
“Why? Why are you beasts chasing me ……”
“Am I going to die here, in the mouths of these demonic beasts?”
Luo Xi began to regret coming to this God-Demon Battlefield!
If he didn’t come, there wouldn’t be this kind of thing, although the Divine Demon Battlefield had a lot of opportunities, the dangers were also great ah!
This had just arrived at the Divine Demon Battlefield and was about to lose her life!
“Miss Luo, don’t be afraid ……”
Just when Luo Xi was in despair, suddenly Chen Ping’s voice rang out!