After giving two explanations, Chen Ping followed Chen Wenliang up the stone steps!
Just after stepping onto the stone steps, the two of them instantly felt a heaven and earth pressure, and their bodies, which were originally relaxed, instantly sank!
Chen Ping and Chen Wenliang looked at each other, then the two of them walked upwards!
These stone steps were completely illusory, and stepping on them was like stepping on air!
Moreover, their bodies were subjected to the pressure of heaven and earth!
This kind of situation where one’s feet were not solid and one’s body was subjected to enormous pressure, made one quickly collapse!
It was as if the strength of the entire body could not find a point to release!
After about a dozen steps, Chen Wenliang could no longer hold on, his body shortened, and his entire body instantly fell down the stone steps!
“President Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Wenliang fall, the crowd rushed up and helped Chen Wenliang up!
Chen Wenliang gasped and said, “It’s too hard, if it was just the heaven and earth pressure, I would still be able to resist it for a while, but there’s no root underneath these feet, there’s no way for my body to exert force!”
Chen Wenliang’s words also discouraged many pharmacists who were eager to try!
After all, if Chen Wenliang couldn’t even climb up, there was even less need for others to try!
Chen Ping continued to climb upwards after glancing at Chen Wenliang!
Although the heaven and earth pressure was very heavy, Chen Ping’s physical body had resisted it all the way, and it was only after walking up thousands of stone steps that Chen Ping stopped!
At this moment, in front of Chen Ping’s eyes, the stone steps had become blurred, and the entire Pill Cauldron Mountain seemed to follow the sky as one!
Chen Ping couldn’t tell if he was standing on Pill Cauldron Mountain or suspended in mid-air!
Soon, a splash of golden light fell down and then wrapped Chen Ping in a ball!
Chen Ping was emitting golden light throughout his body, as if he was an immortal, causing the crowd to all look up!
“Chen has succeeded, he has managed to reach the top ……”
Nie Heng shouted happily at the sight!
“Fellow Daoist Chen has really climbed to the top of the mountain, could it be that he has discovered the Pill God’s inheritance?”
Looking at the golden light that filled the sky, Chen Wenliang was also incredibly excited!
At this moment, the crowd that was still halfway up the mountain also couldn’t help but tilt their heads in the direction of the mountaintop!
“Old Zhou, is this someone who went up to the top of the mountain and discovered the Medicine God’s inheritance?”
Zhen Yuandao looked up in the direction of the mountaintop and said with great surprise!
“It’s very possible, we need to hurry up!”
Zhou Qian frowned slightly as his feet quickened their pace!
As for Su Tianshuo and the others, they also stopped their steps at this moment, staring blankly at the golden light that suddenly appeared!
“President Su, what’s going on? Could it be that someone has already gone up to the cave?”
Pao Longxing asked with a face full of confusion!
“I don’t know either, but there must be a reason for the golden light on top of this mountain, we’ll have to hurry and take a look!”
After Su Tianshuo finished speaking, the pace under his feet instantly quickened!
Along with the golden light slowly dissipating, Chen Ping’s figure unexpectedly disappeared along with it!
At this moment, Chen Wenliang, as well as Liu Ruyan and the others, were all baffled!
“Where is Chen Ping?”
“Where did Fellow Daoist Chen go?”
“Why is he gone?”
The crowd was at a loss for words, looking around for Chen Ping, but they couldn’t find him at all!
As for Chen Ping, the whole person appeared in a darkness at this moment, nothing could be seen around him, only a section of stone steps appeared under his feet!
Only, this stone step was not upwards, but downwards all the way, Chen Ping himself didn’t even know where this stone step was extending to!
“Where is this?”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he could not see where the stone steps led to, it was all darkness!
It was as if it led to hell!
After stabilising his mind, Chen Ping took a step down the stone steps!
Chen Ping himself did not know how long he had been walking, until his feet felt like they touched the ground, and the stone steps in front of him disappeared!
There was some hazy light around him, and then a golden figure with its back to him slowly appeared!