Chen Ping’s aura also exploded at this moment, his golden light shining brightly as a golden dragon flashed behind him!
The power of the divine dragon was at its peak, followed by a holy light fist swing!
There was no technique or stance, just pure power!
The Great Protector and Chen Ping were using the most primitive of powers to determine their superiority!
The emptiness trembled and energy shot out in all directions ……
The two figures, one black and one gold, were clashing in mid-air, and the roar was incessant!
That Leng Yun felt the manic power around him, and his whole body kept retreating backwards!
Chen Ping had just been promoted to Martial God, and the surging power in his body had nowhere to vent, so at this moment, he was practicing with this Great Protector.
Boom …………
Another violent clash, the two men exerted their power without reservation.
This impact caused the rocks to crumble and the earth to explode!
Even the Tong Ling tree, which had been motionless, began to shake violently at this moment!
Chen Ping and that Great Protector’s forms separated, and the two were considered to have fought to a draw!
And Leng Yun, who was watching the battle, was shocked beyond belief!
He knew that Chen Ping was only a newly promoted Martial God, but he had fought a tie with an eighth-ranked Martial God!
This was incredible!
If it were himself, he probably wouldn’t be able to withstand even one punch in Chen Ping’s hands!
Seeing how terrifyingly Chen Ping’s strength had grown, this Leng Yun was both frightened and scared. If they couldn’t destroy Chen Ping here, they were afraid that after they got out, they might be subject to retaliation!
“Grand Protector, you are at the realm of an eighth grade Martial God, yet you followed Chen Ping and fought on equal footing, it seems that the strength you grew with evil magic is really somewhat unreliable!”
Leng Yun said to the Grand Protector.
He had done this on purpose, in order to stir up the Grand Protector’s fighting spirit so that he could fight Chen Ping to the death!
“Hmph, what the hell do you know ……”
The Grand Protector snorted coldly, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Kid, it’s quite remarkable that you can have this kind of power for a newly promoted Martial God, but even if you’re strong, what’s the use?”
“Just when we were sparring just now, I have already planted the demon seed inside you, you will soon experience the feeling of hell!”
The Great Protector laughed with an endless mockery in his eyes, only to see him gently raise his palm, and the earth around Chen Ping began to tremble as a black tentacle emerged from the ground!
Chen Ping looked at these tentacles, they were the same ones that the Grand Protector used when he absorbed the strength of those martial artists!
All the tentacles, all together, were heading towards Chen Ping, and within Chen Ping’s body, something seemed to start writhing, a nameless force was pounding outwards towards Chen Ping’s body.
And this power was attracting those tentacles, constantly sieging towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping wanted to dodge, but found that his body was like being fixed in place, there was no way to move.
The countless tentacles all latched onto Chen Ping’s body and wrapped him up tightly!
These tentacles were like blood-sucking bats that began to frantically suck the power from Chen Ping’s body, seemingly wanting to suck Chen Ping dry!
Liu Rui, who saw this scene, was horrified and she tried to rush over to help Chen Ping out, but she was struck by Tong Youcai’s palm and her body flew backwards!
“Hahahaha, even if you’re strong, you’ve still done the same for others ……”
The Grand Protector laughed wildly.
He could already feel it at this moment, the power within Chen Ping’s body was continuously pouring into his own body.
When Tong Youcai and Leng Yun saw this scene, they all revealed envious expressions!
To know that this Grand Protector was absorbing Chen Ping’s strength, he was afraid that his strength would grow a lot more!
By then, the Burning Heaven Sect would be king and hegemonic in the entire Hidden Realm, with a Grand Protector whose strength was so perverted!