“Old …… boss ……”
Wang Han Han shouted timidly!
The middle-aged man looked up at Wang Han Han, his eyes showed a few lustful light, grinning: “Don’t be nervous, I’m not going to eat you, come and sit down ……”
The middle-aged man patted the sofa beside him and said!
Although Wang Han Han was afraid, but did not dare not listen, can only move over step by step, sat next to the middle-aged man!
Looking at Wang Han Han, who was fair-skinned and smelled like a young girl, the middle-aged man’s eyes glowed with lust!
Lifting the red wine in front of him, after pouring two gla*ses, he handed Wang Han Han a gla*s: “Come, have a drink with me ……”
“Old …… boss, I …… I don’t know how to drink!”
Wang Han Han didn’t dare to take it!
“Once you get used to it, won’t you be able to after you drink today?”
The middle-aged man said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised!
Seeing this, Wang Han Han could only accept the wine gla*s and drank the wine into her belly with her eyes closed!
Seeing Wang Han Han drink the wine, the middle-aged man laughed out loud.
“I heard Yanzi say that you owe a lot of loan sharks?”
The middle-aged man asked.
Wang Han Han nodded, “One million ……”
“One million? It’s quite a lot …………” The middle-aged man said, pulling out a cheque, writing a million directly on it and pushing it to Wang Han Han!
“Stay with me well tonight, serve me comfortably and this million will be yours ……”
The middle-aged man looked at Wang Han Han with a clear mind!
He has done this kind of thing not once or twice, under the temptation of money, no girl can hold back, this method is tried and true!
Looking at the cheque in front of her, Wang Han Han’s breathing became rapid, this was a million dollars, if she had this million dollars, she wouldn’t have to be threatened by those money lenders, and she wouldn’t have to work as a dancer in a bar all day long, being afraid of running into someone she knew every day!
Wang Han Han’s heart was torn in a frenzy as she slowly stretched out her hand, but then retracted it, knowing that if she picked up this cheque, her life would be completely ruined!
Although she was now a dancer, she was still intact, and when she finished paying back the money, she could still find a boyfriend to marry, so she wasn’t sorry for the other party.
She suddenly remembered Chen Ping. She remembered that when she was a teenager, Chen Ping was very protective of her, and at that time Wang Han Han was always clamouring to marry Chen Ping, but as she grew older, the two of them slowly came into less contact, plus Chen Ping had found a girlfriend, Geng Shanshan, and was talking about marriage, so Wang Han Han didn’t follow Chen Ping anymore!
But who knows, things are not always the same, Chen Ping did not get married, but was sent to prison, at that time is still in college Wang Han Han still want to go to prison to see Chen Ping, but because of school, so have not been able to go!
Today, when Chen Ping saw her in this state, Wang Han Han was extremely distressed, and she was also afraid that Chen Ping would tell her mother about this, if that happened, her mother would still be angry!
Her father had died early, and her mother had worked hard to bring her up. If she knew that she was working as a dancer in a bar, she would definitely be furious.
Thinking of this, Wang Han Han looked determined and shook her head: “Boss, thank you for your generous love, only I have no such idea ……”
The middle-aged man was slightly stunned, he didn’t expect Wang Han Han to refuse and felt very surprised!
To know that he used this method to test many times, none of them refused him, some girls even jumped for joy, now this society is money first.