When Zeng Nian An heard this, he was overjoyed, it had been such a long time, and he hadn’t been beaten out of the mountain cave by the prohibitions inside, proving that he had some skills!
“Sect Master Zeng, could it be that there are already people inside?”
Seeing this, Patriarch Jiang then asked!
“Yes, before you guys came, someone had already entered the mountain cave and helped us to fetch that gongfu intensively, now it’s been an incense stick of time, so I reckon it’s very likely to succeed this time!”
Zeng Nian An said happily!
When Patriarch Jiang heard this, he hurriedly looked at Chen Ping, if the other party succeeded, then Chen Ping would have no chance to get the Heavenly Demon Stone!
“Mr Cheng, you’d better hurry up and go in, if you’re late, I’m afraid it’ll be too late ……”
Seeing this, Ochre Yan said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded and then radiated his divine sense, he wanted to see what was forbidden in this mountain cave first!
It was not possible to rush in, after all, so many people had tried and no one had succeeded, that proved that the taboos in this mountain cave must be very strong!
When Chen Ping’s divine sense had just dispersed, behind the boulders in one of the mountain caves, Qi Peijia unexpectedly poked his head out, followed by a pair of eyes staring at Chen Ping in death!
“What a familiar aura, could this fellow be Chen Ping?”
Qi Peijia stared at Chen Ping who had long ago changed his appearance!
After continuing to check the aura of Chen Ping’s body, Qi Peijia coldly laughed “Indeed it is him, it seems that this guy is also afraid of the Seal Demon Alliance’s execution order, so he has changed his appearance, however, when you meet me today, count yourself unlucky ……”
Qi Peijia was very happy inwardly, as long as he killed Chen Ping, he could go to the Demon Sealing Alliance to receive a hundred years of offerings, and then his strength could skyrocket!
As long as his strength reached the peak of the Transition Realm, he wouldn’t have to be dominated by Ning Zhi anymore!
Right now, he had no choice but to listen to Ning Zhi’s words!
As for Chen Ping, after dispersing his divine sense, he also frowned and instantly looked at the boulder on one side!
Chen Ping had just hidden his aura, so he did not spot Qi Peijia, but now that his divine sense was spread out, he immediately captured Qi Peijia’s figure!
This made Chen Ping feel very strange, he did not understand how this Qi Peijia could be in the Heavenly Demon Sect?
“Mr Cheng, what’s wrong?”
Patriarch Jiang asked when he saw that Chen Ping’s face looked a little off!
Before Chen Ping could speak, that Qi Peijia was leaping and landing directly in front of Chen Ping!
“It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you, haven’t you been well ah……”
Qi Peijia said with a cold smile at Chen Ping!
When Ochre Yan saw the sudden appearance of Qi Peijia, his face also instantly turned cold and his expression became tense!
He was aware of Qi Peijia’s ability, when he was in that Divine Demon Battlefield, Chen Ping had almost fallen into the hands of this Qi Peijia several times!
At that time, if several of the Three Emperors and Four Kings had not appeared, Chen Ping would have really fallen!
Although Chen Ping had now been promoted to the second rank of the Transition Realm, he was still a little out of his depth when dealing with Qi Peijia!
“Brother Yan, what’s wrong? Who is this person?”
Jiang Yulian saw Ochre Yan’s ugly face and asked with concern!
“This person is Mr Chen’s enemy, this is going to be trouble!”
Ochre Yan whispered to Jiang Yulian!
When Jiang Yulian heard this, her face also changed, then she quietly started to work the breath in her body!
“Mr Cheng, who is this? Your friend?”
Patriarch Jiang asked to Chen Ping!
“Sort of a friend!” Chen Ping replied indifferently, but his eyes were dead set on Qi Peijia!
Zeng Nianan was also slightly stunned when he saw Qi Peijia appear, and then looked at the Elder beside him!
This was the heavy ground of the Heavenly Demon Sect, no outsiders were allowed to casually enter or leave, and now an outsider suddenly jumped out, which made Zeng Nian An a little upset!
“Sect Master, this is the person who came together to challenge, the one who entered the middle of the mountain cave was his friend who was waiting here!”
The elder hurriedly explained!