One could see Chen Ping’s spirit smashing out with a direct punch, instantly smashing into the black shadow of Sakata Masamura’s body!
“Stinking fool, with these two moves, you still want to control me ……”
Chen Ping’s soul spirit grabbed Sakata Masamura’s black shadow and smashed it with a single punch!
The light emitted by Chen Ping’s soul spirit made the two men unable to open their eyes, which showed how powerful that soul spirit of Chen Ping was.
“It’s too …… too strong ……”
Sakata Masamura looked on in amazement before a mouthful of black blood spurted out!
He only felt as if his soul was being torn apart and he had no power to fight back!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s soul smashed out with another punch, the black shadow was directly knocked away, and that Sakata Masamura, enduring the severe pain, fiercely opened his mouth and sucked that black shadow back into his body!
Sakata Masamura’s eyes were filled with fear as he looked at Chen Ping at that moment!
On the other hand, that Kawaguchi Kazuo was frowning, he didn’t expect that besides Chen Ping’s strong physical body, his soul had also reached such a terrifying level, even the Soul Searching Master’s Soul Searching Technique couldn’t help Chen Ping! One second to remember https://m.lqzw.org
At this moment, Chen Ping’s soul spirit also entered his body and said with a sneer, “With this ability, it’s better to go home and eat milk ……”
Sakata Masamura was so angry that he spurted out another mouthful of blood!
And that Kawaguchi Kazuo’s blood was surging upwards, the breath on his body was climbing up!
“Kid, I want you to die today ……”
With that, Kawaguchi Kazuo suddenly had a katana in his hand, which looked very antique, and a terrifying aura was emitted from the blade!
Then Kawaguchi Kazuo turned his wrist, and immediately afterwards the katana in his hand came towards Chen Ping at an extremely fast speed!
A sharp blade came straight at Chen Ping, and in an instant he was in front of him.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, backed up his body and then ran quickly into the distance!
“You can’t escape ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo coldly snorted, and then chased towards Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not hesitate to throw the small bottle in his hand, and then recited an incantation under his breath!
Boom …………
With a loud sound, the spider beast instantly burst through that bottle and quickly grew bigger.
Seeing the spider beast in front of him, Kazuo Kawaguchi instantly stopped in his tracks!
“Eat him ……”
Chen Ping ordered, sending that spider beast towards Kawaguchi Kazuo!
Chen Ping himself turned his head and continued to run, he would use this opportunity to escape from Kawaguchi Kazuo!
“Hmph, this demonic beast was bred by us, you still want it to stop me ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo snorted coldly, and then his body leapt up high!
Immediately after that, the katana in his hand swung and fiercely chopped towards the tail of that spider beast!
Seeing that, this Kawaguchi Kazuo knew exactly the weakness of this spider beast!
Boom! …………
This cut, that spider beast’s tail was instantly cut off, followed by an explosion of the body.
The huge spider beast was actually killed by that Kawaguchi Kazuo with a single slash!
Chen Ping looked at this scene and felt speechless for a while ……
After the explosion, in the spider beast’s mutilated corpse, a turquoise bead, emitted light!
“Beast Dan ……”
Chen Ping saw that spider beast’s beast elixir at a glance!
At the same time, Kawaguchi Kazuo also noticed it and was ready to go up and pick up that beast elixir!
Chen Ping, who had originally fled, looked at the Spider Beast’s Beast Dan and was extremely upset inside!
This was the beast elixir of a demonic beast with the strength of a Great Martial Lord!
Maybe this beast elixir would allow Chen Ping to advance a small realm!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping gritted his teeth and swung his Dragon Cutting Sword towards Kawaguchi Kazuo!
Kawaguchi Kazuo didn’t expect Chen Ping to dare to turn around and attack, so he was directly caught off guard and his body jerked backwards, but he didn’t pick up the beast pellet either!
“Good boy, how dare you turn back ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s face was incomparably gloomy.
Chen Ping ignored him, but quickly headed towards that beast elixir, this time Kawaguchi Yixiong understood, so Chen Ping was so desperate, he wanted to get that beast elixir.