Liu Rui nodded. I don’t know when Liu Rui started to believe in Chen Ping’s words unconditionally!
The dragon only hovered above the tree and would not leave to attack others!
As Chen Ping and Liu Rui approached, the dragon began to roar and let out a roar, as if to stop the two men from approaching!
Liu Rui followed closely behind Chen Ping and walked to the Tong Ling tree!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping pulled Liu Rui up and the two of them leapt up.
When the dragon saw this, it opened its bloody mouth and spat a dragon’s breath at Chen Ping and Liu Rui!
The terrifying power caused the void around them to tremble, and even Tong Youcai, who was a hundred metres away, could still feel the immense power!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as the golden light flashed on his body, knowing that he only had this one chance!
But just as the dragon’s breath reached Chen Ping’s face, his chest suddenly flashed with light and the dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body began to emit the power of a divine dragon!
The dragon’s breath was instantly dissolved, and Chen Ping and Liu Rui were able to reach the Spirit Tree and face the dragon from afar!
“Miss Liu, don’t move, I’ll deal with the dragon ……”
After Chen Ping said that, his body leapt up and went straight to the dragon!
But instead of attacking the dragon, Chen Ping leapt to the top of the dragon’s head, grabbed the dragon’s horns with both hands, and stood on the upper side!
The fierce dragon became very docile and let out a dragon roar from its mouth, as if it was pleasing Chen Ping!
Liu Rui could not believe this sudden scene!
Even Tong Youcai and the others were shocked as they looked at Chen Ping standing on the dragon’s head with astonished expressions!
A cold smile appeared on Chen Ping’s face as he said to Liu Rui, “Miss Liu, you take off the Tong Ling fruit, I’ll go and stop these guys ……”
The light followed the dragon’s horns and instantly entered the dragon’s body!
The next thing you know, the dragon roars violently and rushes straight down from the tree!
Liu Rui didn’t dare to delay and started to pick the Lingering Fruits from the tree!
Seeing Liu Rui plucking the Spiritual Fruit, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were furious!
“Stop, this is our ……”
Tong Youcai, Leng Yun and the Grand Protector were furious and rushed straight towards Liu Rui!
Chen Ping, wielding a huge dragon, instantly rushed out, followed by the force of the dragon’s breath, which sent several people flying!
As they watched Liu Rui pluck a single Tong Ling fruit, their eyes filled with a bloodshot colour and they were so angry they almost vomited blood!
But now that Chen Ping was holding the dragon back, there was no way for them to get closer!
This time, the dragon was not a figment of Chen Ping’s imagination, it was a very powerful dragon!
“What can we do? What can we do?”
“Can we just watch this Chen Ping take away the Spiritual Fruit?”
Tong Youcai shouted anxiously, but no one dared to stand in the way!
Liu Rui was about to take all the Lingering Fruits, but no one could break through Chen Ping’s blockage!
The Great Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect looked at Chen Ping with a grim gaze, and a black mist began to rise from his body!
“I have a way to kill the dragon in front of me and retrieve the Tong Ling Fruit ……”
The Great Protector spoke slowly!
“What is it?” Leng Yun and Tong Youcai both spoke at the same time.
“You will know later!”
The Great Protector said, slowly turned to look at those Burning Heaven Sect disciples and said in a cold voice: “Now is the time for you to sacrifice your lives for the Burning Heaven Sect, your souls will be given eternal life.”
After saying this, the Great Protector mouthed a spell and a black tentacle appeared from the ground and wrapped itself around the Burning Heaven disciples!