Patriarch Luo’s body transformed into a storm as he surged in one direction!
Those disciples of the five great clans behind them were charging violently in the opposite direction, they hoped that they could attract the other party’s attacks and reduce the pressure on Patriarch Luo!
“Hmph, trying to rush out is simply delusional!”
The black-robed man snorted coldly!
Only a wave of the black-robed man’s sleeve robe caused a large amount of black Qi to fill the air, and then he led the Ghost Fiend Sect disciples to rush into the formation!
He had lost his patience and didn’t want to dwell on it, and was going to personally go down and finish off the people from the five great sects!
“Big brother, the one surnamed Luo will be handed over to you, I’ll deal with the other disciples of the five great sects!”
After the hunchbacked old man finished speaking, he spat out a black aura from his mouth and instantly transformed into a stern ghost towards the five great sect disciples!
The hunchbacked old man’s body also transformed into a stream of light, in this formation, they were gods and masters!
No matter how the disciples of the five great clans fled, they could not escape from them!
One could only see countless stern ghosts continuously coalescing from the black mist and then launching attacks on the disciples of the five great clans!
The disciples of the five great sects kept falling, but they no longer had time to care, and those who were still able to act, desperately ran away!
Unfortunately, how could they escape, since they couldn’t escape the area covered by the black mist!
In the end, these disciples of the five great sects, all gasping for breath, gathered together!
Those disciples of the five great clans who died, at this moment, their bodies unexpectedly began to shrink rapidly, with gusts of black gas emerging from their bodies!
“Hahaha, what a pure Yin Fiend Qi, I’m going to let you all be killed slowly so that the Yin Fiend Qi will become even more pure.”
The hunchbacked old man waved his palm, and in an instant, several stern ghosts hissed and rushed towards the disciples of the five great clans!
Pffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff …………
In just a single glance, several more disciples of the five great sects were cut down!
And this time, the hunchbacked old man didn’t absorb the Yin Fury Qi, but rather, he took that resentment from the death of the disciples of the five great clans and turned it into a stern ghost to fill the formation!
The hunchbacked old man was too sinister, he was just going to make the disciples of the five great clans kill each other!
The disciples of the five great clans looked at each and every one of their former companion and friend, but at this moment, they had turned into stern ghosts, attacking them with teeth and claws, all of them were a bit casting their eyes out!
“Put up a fight ……”
A disciple of the Five Great Clans roared out, heading straight for the hunchbacked old man!
Everyone else also disregarded the stern ghost blocking them and rushed towards the hunchbacked old man, even if they couldn’t kill him, it would be fine to injure this old guy!
However, the disciples of the five great clans still overestimated themselves, just as they rushed towards him, the corner of the hunchbacked old man’s mouth lifted, and dozens of stern ghosts appeared, blocking in front of them!
In here, many of them were former companion buddies, looking at the familiar faces, how could they not lay their hands on them!
However, these companions who had transformed into stern ghosts had no qualms about striking out at them!
In a moment of hesitation, a dozen more disciples from the five great sects died at the hands of the ghosts!
This time, the number of stern ghosts was even greater, while there were only twenty or so disciples left from the five great sects!
This cancelled out the other’s strength, and at this rate, it wouldn’t take more than a few moments for the disciples of the five great clans to be dead or wounded!
“What a shameless tactic!”
Just as the disciples of the five great clans were preparing to accept the judgement of their fate, there was a sudden calendar cry!
Immediately after that, they saw a rolling black fog shrouded too hard to see, a light shone in, and this light was like the rising sun, causing the black fog to instantly begin to dissipate!
Afterwards, the heat wave swept through the sky, dozens of ghosts were engulfed in flames, too late to have the slightest struggle, and instantly flew into ashes!
After the flames engulfed the ghosts, they swept towards the hunchbacked old man!
The hunchbacked old man’s face changed drastically, and he hurriedly waved out a black mist to block it!
The terrifying heat wave, with its endless momentum of pressure, instantly crushed that black mist!