Now that Granny Zhen wanted to break off the relationship, that would never be possible!
Granny Zhen was so heartbroken that she left the Zhen Family in a fit of anger and travelled to the Central Region’s Hu Huang City, where she stayed for several decades!
If it wasn’t for the Hu Huang City don’t Feng Family capturing it, Granny Zhen probably wouldn’t have come back in her lifetime!
Creak …………
The door to Granny Zhen’s room was pushed open!
Granny Zhen was holding the white handkerchief at that moment, and when she saw someone coming, she hurriedly hid the handkerchief!
When she saw that it was her big brother, Zhen Yuandao, Granny Zhen’s face became very ugly!
She knew that this big brother of hers only had interests in his eyes and was devoid of brotherly and sisterly love!
“Sister, you didn’t blame me for arranging you here, did you?”
Zhen Yuandao glanced at the dilapidated house and said with some embarrassment!
“No, I’m already grateful that brother was able to accept me and give me a place to stay.”
Granny Zhen said with an expressionless face!
Zhen Yuandao smiled awkwardly, he knew what Granny Zhen meant, you could tell by looking at her expression!
“Actually, I’m only doing this to let you know that if our Zhen Family doesn’t have the support of Pill Priest Zhong, it won’t be long before it becomes so dilapidated.”
“I know you’re cursing me in your heart, cursing me for disregarding the love of brother and sister, cursing me for only having interests.”
“But who understands me… Our Zhen Family, with hundreds of members, in this small Yongle City, if we don’t have anyone to support us, how can we become one of the Four Great Families?”
“It’s not like our old ancestor left behind any superior medical skills, exquisite alchemy, relying on myself to fight, can I support these hundreds of people?”
“The Celestial Realm is a society of the weak and the strong, without Pill Duke Zhong’s words, our Zhen Family might have been trampled and divided long ago in Yongle City.”
“I’m not doing this for myself, I’m doing this for the hundreds of mouths of the Zhen family.”
“Moreover, Zhong Yuzun is not a bad person, his nature is not bad either, in the entire Yongle City you go and ask around, who doesn’t say that he is good?”
“Men, if they make a little mistake, it can be forgiven, that’s a man’s impulse, instinct, it doesn’t mean he doesn’t love you anymore.”
“After so many years, Zhong Yaozun is still helping our Zhen family, what is he doing it for?”
“Count on my brother to beg you, forgive Zhong Pill Zun, and the two of you stay well in Yongle City.”
“If you think I’m heartless, I can give you the position of the Zhen family head, you will manage the Zhen family’s hundreds of mouths!”
Zhen Yuandao looked at his sister, his eyes filled with hot tears!
After decades, how could Zhen Yuandao not worry about his sister!
But the Celestial Realm was so vast, trying to find someone would be harder than finding a needle in a haystack!
Granny Zhen looked at her brother and was a little lost in thought for a moment!
Back then, when she left home in anger, she didn’t even think about other people, she only thought that everyone in the Zhen family didn’t understand her!
In the blink of an eye, decades had passed, and now, as Granny Zhen listened to her brother’s words, a trace of guilt unexpectedly rose within her!
She had never considered the rest of the Zhen family, and considered only herself!
If one said selfishness, perhaps one was the selfish one!
“Big brother, I …………”
Granny Zhen didn’t know what to say!
“Don’t say anything, when Zhong Pill Honour is looking for you, you guys can have a good talk and open your hearts.”
“Actually, I know that you can’t let go of him in your heart either, otherwise you wouldn’t be holding a handkerchief and fuming alone.”
Zhen Yuandao said with a faint smile!
Granny Zhen instantly blushed!
“Alright, I’ll have Huan’er rearrange your accommodation, and those friends you brought with you, bring them along as well.”
Zhen Yuandao left after saying that!
Soon after, a girl dressed in grosgrain with a handsome look came to Granny Zhen’s room!
“Auntie …………”
After the girl saw Granny Zhen, she immediately hugged her head and cried!