The cold, eerie aura instantly sent a chill down Jin Yuan’s neck and his entire being was scared to death!
Now Chen Ping only had to move his arm gently, and Jin Yuan’s head would move!
“Chen …… Chen Ping, don’t mess around, don’t mess around ah, if you kill me, my father won’t let you off.”
Jin Yuan was trembling all over and threatened at Chen Ping!
When Jin Lifu saw that his son had fallen into Chen Ping’s hands, he also became very nervous and yelled at Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, let my son go or you will die a very ugly death ……”
“How dare you threaten me at the end of your life?”
Chen Ping sneered, and then the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was about to swing down towards Jin Yuan!
This time, Jin Yuan was terrified and hurriedly shouted, “Don’t kill me, don’t kill me, I promise you everything ……”
Jin Yuan P*ssed himself, he was scared!
Looking at Jin Yuan’s appearance, Chen Ping laughed and did not strike, but said to Jin Yuan “Call me grandpa and I will let you go ……”
“No shouting ……”
The first time Jin Li Fu heard this, he hurriedly yelled at Jin Yuan!
If Jin Yuan shouted grandpa after Chen Ping, wouldn’t he become Chen Ping’s son!
Faced with this request from Chen Ping, Jin Yuan was in a dilemma, not knowing what to do!
“If you don’t shout, then go to hell ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand was closer to Jin Yuan’s neck, and Jin Yuan could feel a chill in his neck as blood flowed out!
“Grandpa, grandpa, don’t kill me, don’t kill me ah ……”
Jin Yuan was so goaded that he shouted at Chen Ping for his grandfather, which nearly killed Jin Li Fu!
“Hahahaha, good grandson ……”
Chen Ping laughed out loud.
And Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya were looking at Jin Li Fu with a playful face, which made Jin Li Fu feel even more humiliated!
“I …… have shouted, can you let me go?”
Jin Yuan looked at Chen Ping supplicatingly.
“Of course you can ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then slowly raised the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand!
But just as Jin Yuan breathed a sigh of relief, the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand snapped towards Jin Yuan’s shoulder!
Jin Yuan’s body hit the ground with a heavy thud, followed by a mouthful of blood spurting out, and the breath in his body was instantly shaken away!
“You …………”
Jin Yuan looked at Chen Ping in anger!
“I won’t kill you because there is still a use for keeping you!”
Chen Ping smiled coldly, he kept Jin Yuan because he wanted to absorb the strength within Jin Yuan into himself!
Chen Ping had renewed his incomparable thirst for strength after knowing the difference in strength between himself and that great power!
“Dad, kill him for me, kill him ……”
Jin Yuan roared in anger when he saw that Chen Ping had actually tricked him!
But at this moment, Jin Li Fu, his face did to the extreme!
In his opinion, death was not terrible, what was terrible was being made such a fool of, it was so humiliating!
“Chen Ping, perhaps there are some things you already know, I won’t kill you before the Great Aura Recovery Formation is activated, but I go can make your life worse than death.”
As Jin Li Fu finished speaking, a burst of light flowed through his body and a purple robe enveloped his body!
“You’re just a dog of the Demon Heart Sect, and I’ve already killed one like you.”
Chen Ping said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised!
“What? You killed a purple-robed messenger? That’s not possible?” Jin Li Fu was somewhat incredulous!
He didn’t believe that with Chen Ping’s strength, he was able to kill a purple-robed messenger!
“Believe it or not, in a moment you will know if it is possible or not!”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
“Then I will see, with what ability you are able to kill a purple-robed messenger.”
As Jin Li Fu finished speaking, a shocking aura began to fill out from his body!
Feeling the aura that filled Jin Lifu’s body, Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with disdain “To kill you, I don’t need to use all my strength ……”
The strength of Jin Li Fu is still a bit different than that of Lu Bu Wei!