“How do you know it’s ruined? What if the elixir is made?”
Chen Ping said with the corner of his mouth raised!
“Are you kidding, it’s only been ten minutes, how could you have succeeded in refining it, if you had succeeded in refining it, I would have knelt down for you on the spot!”
Patriarch Hu simply did not believe that an immortal herb like Immortal Crane Grass could not be refined into an elixir in ten minutes!
“Good!”
Chen Ping smiled, then calmly walked to the Divine Peasant Cauldron, and with a single stretch of his hand, he took out a crystal clear elixir from inside, with a faint glow still emanating from around the elixir!
Seeing that Chen Ping had really refined the Immortal Crane Grass into a pill, everyone’s faces wore an expression of disbelief!
Especially Patriarch Hu, who looked on with astonishment while his mouth was filled with disbelief “Impossible, this is absolutely impossible ……”
As Patriarch Hu said that, he actually ran to the divine Nong Cauldron and looked towards the inside of it, he wanted to see if Chen Ping had done something!
“You don’t need to look, this is the elixir made from the Immortal Crane Grass, this elixir gives off an aura that still has the smell of the Immortal Crane Grass in it, you as a medicine master, you wouldn’t be able to detect it, right?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
In fact, Patriarch Hu had sensed it the moment Chen Ping took out the elixir, only that he didn’t want to believe it!
“How is that possible, how is that possible?”
Patriarch Hu still couldn’t believe it even though the truth was right in front of him!
“Just because you can’t do it, doesn’t mean others can’t do it, you are just a frog at the bottom of a well, wouldn’t you know that nothing is impossible in the greatness of the world.”
“Now that I have refined it, you can kneel down and kowtow to me, right?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Patriarch Hu with smugness.
“Kid, although I don’t know what method you used to refine the Immortal Crane Grass into a pill in ten minutes, this pill of yours is definitely a waste pill, it has no effect at all.”
“I don’t believe that you can cure this girl’s illness with this one elixir ……”
Patriarch Hu argued loudly and cunningly, how could he, who was the Jade Tripod Patriarch, kneel down for a hairy boy like Chen Ping!
“Since that’s the case, then I will convince you!”
Chen Ping finished his sentence and gave the pill to Elder Pei, “Elder Pei, take this pill for your daughter, and within three hours, your daughter will definitely be cured.”
Elder Pei excitedly took the elixir, then everyone went into the room and watched as Elder Pei gave the elixir to his daughter!
Just then, there was a commotion in the courtyard, as if someone was talking about something!
“What’s the matter, all the shouting ……”
Hearing the chatter in the courtyard, the Ichthus Demon Emperor instantly exclaimed angrily!
“I’ll go out and take a look …………”
Princess Isha walked out of the room and saw several underlings in the middle of the courtyard looking up and pointing!
Princess Isha looked up and noticed that in the sky above the courtyard, there were several more clouds, which were still different colours, and they were simply beautiful!
“Father, Father, come and see ……”
Princess Isha couldn’t help but shout out loud.
Hearing Princess Isha’s shout, so everyone came out of the room, and when they saw the clouds in the sky, they too were shocked!
“Demon Emperor, this is a vision from the sky, could something big be happening?”
Elder Pei said with a face full of shock!
Demon Emperor Yih didn’t say anything, he just stared up in awe!
And after seeing the clouds in the sky, Patriarch Hu was instantly frozen, incredulous, “Dan clouds? This …… is forming Dan clouds?”
At this moment, even Chen Ping was a little surprised, he did not expect this Immortal Crane Grass to be worthy of being an Immortal Grass, in just ten minutes of refining, such a large Dan Cloud was formed!
“Dan clouds? What is a Dan Cloud?”
Demon Emperor Yih was somewhat confused, he had never heard of it before!