“Why does this feel to me like someone’s had a breakthrough?”
“What a terrifying aura, could it be that Chen Ping has broken through in there?”
Some people started talking!
And Hu Yixiao and the Second Elder looked in the direction of the Pill Pond with a grave expression, if that Chen Ping really broke through the realm inside the Pill Pond, then it would be troublesome for them!
“Master, could this be Chen’s outburst of breath?”
Fang Shu hurriedly asked to the Third Elder!
The Third Elder didn’t say anything because he didn’t know either, after all, this kind of terrifying aura erupted out, if it was Chen Ping breaking through, then it must be a breakthrough to the Harmonious Body realm!
But it wasn’t too realistic for Chen Ping to break through to the Harmonious Body realm in such a short time!
The Third Elder didn’t know that the commotion of Chen Ping’s realm breakthrough was much more powerful than others!
If Chen Ping broke through a major realm and reached the Harmonious Body realm, it was estimated that the entire Jade Tripod Sect would be enveloped in a thunderstorm!
“Senior Brother, I think it’s better to close the Pill Pond!”
The Second Elder said to Hu Yixiao!
Hu Yixiao nodded and prepared to close the Pill Pond, no matter who made the commotion inside, as long as the Pill Pond was closed, then the person who was locked inside would definitely not survive!
“Senior Brother, didn’t you say you’d give an hour’s time? It’s not even time yet!”
Third Elder saw that Hu Yixiao was going to close the Pill Pond, so he questioned.
“I have other things to do, I don’t have time to wait around!”
After Hu Yixiao finished speaking, he only saw his hands slowly close together, and the Pill Pond defile actually followed suit and slowly closed!
“Master ……”
When Fang Shu saw the Pill Pond being closed, he became anxious!
If Chen Ping was still inside, this was a sure death!
The Third Elder’s face was very ugly, but now that the Pill Pond was closed, there was no point in him saying anything!
“Let’s go ……”
The Third Elder helplessly glanced in the direction of the Pill Pond and prepared to take Fang Shu and Liu Ruyan away!
But as the Third Elder was about to leave, the Second Elder stopped the Third Elder’s way!
“Third Senior Brother, this new disciple you’ve taken in, why does he look somewhat familiar? Have I seen it somewhere before?”
The Second Elder found that the more Liu Ruyan looked familiar, as well as that aura on Liu Ruyan’s body, except that he couldn’t recall where he had seen her before for a while!
“How could Second Senior Brother have seen it before, this is just a new disciple I recruited from somewhere else!”
Third Elder smiled faintly, but at this moment his heart was tense to the extreme!
If at this time, he let the Second Elder recognize Liu Ruyan’s identity, it would be dangerous!
“Then perhaps I am mistaken, but this newly recruited disciple of yours has good strength ……”
The Second Elder flashed out of the way after taking a look at Liu Ruyan!
The Third Elder hurriedly led Fang Shu and Liu Ruyan away!
“Senior brother, what’s going on?” Hu Yixiao asked to the Second Elder.
“Oh, it’s nothing, it just looks a bit familiar!”
The Second Elder waved his hand, then led the others away as well!
But at this moment, the Second Elder already had doubts about Liu Ruyan’s identity, the reason he didn’t tell Hu Yixiao was because he wanted to investigate it himself!
If Liu Ruyan’s identity was as he guessed, then he could use this matter to carry out his own plan!
Everyone left and the Pill Pond returned to peace!
And at that moment, in the depths of the Pill Pond, Chen Ping continued to dive towards the deepest part of the Pill Pond!
Although the terrifying aura around him was like a storm pouring into Chen Ping’s body, it was all quickly refined by Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique, plus Chen Ping’s perverted physical body, so there was no danger for the time being!
Chen Ping didn’t know how long he had been diving for, but the bottom of the pool, which had always been dark and dull, was now faintly illuminated!
Chen Ping looked at the light and saw that it was a huge formation pattern, which was emitting a faint light, so he could see that the formation was being activated!
Perhaps it was because of its age, the light on the formation pattern was very faint.