“D*mn it, kid you’re looking for death ……”
The underling of the Luo family who had spoken at the beginning clenched his fist at once.
Snap!
Just as that Luo Family subordinate finished speaking, he only saw a human shadow flash by, followed by that Luo Family subordinate’s body instantly flying backwards.
This slap directly caused that Luo Family servant to fall heavily to the ground, spewing blood from his mouth.
At this moment, everyone’s face was shocked, especially the few Luo Family subordinates who had just shouted, all of their faces turned pale and they did not dare to speak.
To be able to slap away a Martial Sect with one slap, one could see that his strength was definitely not ordinary.
“Chen Ping, do you want to make an enemy of my Luo Family?”
Luo Jiu frowned when he saw that Chen Ping had made his move without any warning.
Chen Ping faintly stared, “You know me?”
Luo Jiu instantly knew that he had made a slip of the tongue and immediately changed his face to a smile and said, “Your great name is everywhere in the Martial Dao Forum, how could I not know you, in fact, our Eldest Young Master quite admires you, those guys within the Martial Dao Alliance are all just fishing for fame.”
Chen Ping looked at Luo Jiu coldly, he would not be confused by Luo Jiu’s words.
This fellow had pretended that he didn’t know him at first, and now he had let his mouth slip, he must have some intentions in mind.
“I don’t care if you recognize me or not, now you guys leave right now, or don’t blame me for being ungracious ……”
Chen Ping was not going to follow Luo Jiu to get close.
When Luo Jiu saw Chen Ping like this, he could only nod his head and said, “Then, since this is already your territory, then we won’t bother you, we will leave right away ……”
Luo Jiu led his men to leave quickly.
Although Luo Jiu had left, Chen Ping’s heart was still not relaxed, he knew that these people from the Luo family had suddenly arrived, they would definitely not let go easily, it was likely that they also knew the secret of this Demon Subduing Tower.
Otherwise, this Gu family manor was not even a ruin anymore, so what was the use of having it? It was clear that they had come for the Demon Tower.
Chen Ping did not return to the tower to cultivate, but instantly struck a magic trick, and a stream of spiritual Qi swarmed out from within the Demon Subduing Tower.
He wanted to lay a formation around the Demon Subduing Tower to block those who entered the tower, so that he could cultivate without fear.
Soon, a killing formation containing a killing aura was successfully laid out.
As soon as one entered the Demon Tower at a distance of tens of metres, this killing formation would activate and the killing Qi contained within it would strangle the intruders to pieces!
After setting up the killing formation, Chen Ping then walked into the Demon Subduing Tower to cultivate at ease.
At this moment, Luo Jiu was leading someone to guard not far away and informed Luo Xiang.
“Brother Jiu, how powerful is that Chen Ping? Couldn’t several of us join forces to beat him? Is there still a need to invite the Eldest Young Master?”
A Luo family subordinate asked in disbelief.
Luo Jiu glanced at that man and said, “This Chen Ping killed Guo Wei, the director of the Kyoto Martial Alliance, that Guo Wei was a peak Martial Sect, and that Ning Zhi of the Ning Family was also injured by this Chen Ping, which one of them is not stronger than us?”
“If we follow that Chen Ping and make a move, it is possible that we will all die here, when we came here the Eldest Young Master explained that we should not provoke that Chen Ping, just find a way to keep him first ……”
At this time, that Luo family underling only suddenly realized, “So this Chen Ping is so powerful ……”
Luo Jiu looked at his watch, then put his gaze back on the Demon Subduing Tower, and said with a cold laugh in his heart, “When the Eldest Master comes, I’ll see how you can escape ……”
Inside the Demon Subduing Tower, Chen Ping was diving into his cultivation.
The Heart Condensation Skill was spinning rapidly, and the aura within the Demon Subduing Tower was leaning towards Chen Ping at a rapid pace.
Because of the power of the Heart Condensation Skill, the entire Demon Subduing Tower began to tremble slightly, as if it could not bear this crazy absorption by Chen Ping.
And outside the Demon Subduing Tower, Luo Jiu looked at the shaking Demon Subduing Tower, his eyes revealing incredulity!!!