In a dense forest in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, five cultivators were resting under a tree that was several metres thick!
Among these five cultivators was surprisingly Elder Fei, who had his life spared by Chen Ping!
“Your Soulless Hall is such a f*cking waste, a small cultivator of the Harmonisation Realm, you didn’t even catch it, you still have the face to find it ah.”
A young cultivator cursed at Elder Fei!
Elder Fei lowered his head, not daring to breathe, because the young man in front of him was Zuo Xuan, the son of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Lord Zuo Tianzheng!
Beside Zuo Xuan was Elder Chu of the Demon Sealing Alliance who had accompanied him.
The other two are the two helmsmen of the Demon Seal Alliance in the southern region, for the sake of Zuo Xuan’s safety, they came to the Heavenly Demon Mountain together!
Zuo Xuan was tired of cursing, so he looked at Elder Chu beside him and said, “Uncle Chu, that Chen Ping’s identity, is the investigation clear? Give me a look ……”
“Gongzi, that Chen Ping’s matter, you’d better not worry about it, the alliance master has ordered the major rudders to hunt down and kill that Chen Ping, I believe that he can’t live for long.”
“It’s better for us to play for a few days in this Heavenly Demon Mountain and then go back, it’s too dangerous here.”
Elder Chu knew how dangerous the Heavenly Demon Mountain was, so he planned to bring Zuo Xuan to play for a few days and then go back!
“Uncle Chu, I know you’re worried about my safety, but don’t worry, I’ve now reached the fifth grade of the Transition Realm cultivation, my life won’t be in danger in this Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
“Besides, aren’t there you and the two helmsmen following, no matter if they encounter a demonic cultivator or a demonic beast, they’ll be the only ones to run away.”
“You’d better show me that Chen Ping’s information, I’m very curious about this guy!”
Zuo Xuan said curiously!
He had become curious about Chen Ping after hearing Elder Fei come back to report!
A Harmonisation Realm cultivator who beat up a Ferrying Realm cultivator everywhere, this kind of person who fought across realms was too few and far between!
So Zuo Xuan was curious to know what kind of person Chen Ping was!
Seeing this, Elder Chu had no choice but to take out an information jade slip, which recorded all the information they had collected on Chen Ping!
Zuo Xuan received the jade slip and as a breath surged into it, Chen Ping’s information instantly appeared in his mind!
A moment later, Zuo Xuan returned the jade slip to Elder Chu and said, “Uncle Chu, why do you think this Chen Ping was able to defeat the Ferrying Realm by a Harmonisation Realm cultivator?”
“It seems like the rudder on that side of the Mo Hai, four elders of the first or second rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm joined forces and were actually defeated by that Chen Ping, he is just a tiny Harmonisation Realm Cultivator, would this be too outrageous?”
Zuo Xuan was a little confused as to why Chen Ping was like this!
“Battling across levels is not unheard of, many of the pride of the heavens, are able to battle across levels, there is nothing strange about this, but this guy apart from being able to battle across levels, he is actually proficient in refining pills, even the pill masters of the Soulless Hall can’t do anything with him, this is what is frightening.”
“We all know that the pill masters of the Celestial Realm’s realms are usually not particularly high, this is because they put all their time into their pill refining techniques, and all their realm strengths will be lower.”
“Moreover, which pill master doesn’t go through a hundred years, or even a few hundred years of cultivation to reach a certain level of achievement, but this Chen Ping is so young to have a level that is comparable to that of a pill reverend, it’s simply too strange!”
Elder Chu was also very curious about Chen Ping!
“When you say that, I can’t wait to meet this fellow, I want to see what kind of person he really is.”
“Can’t it be that this guy is also a demonic cultivator, using demonic techniques to rapidly increase his strength?”
Zuo Xuan analysed!
“Gongzi, this guy is not a demonic cultivator, if he is a demonic cultivator, I should be able to sense it.”
At this time, Elder Fei, who had been scolded, spoke up!
“What the hell do you feel, a great cultivator of the sixth rank of the Ferrying Realm can’t even catch a Harmonisation Realm, I really don’t know what father is doing raising you losers.”
“Uncle Chu, do you use the formation to deduce and see if that Chen Ping has come to the Heavenly Demon Mountain?”
Zuo Xuan asked to Elder Chu!