On the other side, Chen Ping and the others, at this moment, had already arrived around that cave under the leadership of Cai Hongwei!
“Ahead is where that cave is located ……”
Cai Hongwei said as he pointed ahead!
Chen Ping found that the trees in front of him had even started to become taller, obviously following the other places with a clear difference, and the sound of demonic beasts hissing all around had disappeared!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he knew that there must be something in this place, so much so that the plants and trees here were different from other places!
But what exactly was it, Chen Ping did not know right now!
Just as Chen Ping and the others were about to step into the range where the cave was located, suddenly a large figure scurried out and blocked in front of Chen Ping and the others!
Everyone was startled and fixed their eyes to find that it was the Tiger King!
The sudden appearance of the Silver Red Tiger Tiger King made everyone tense up!
However, Chen Ping was not afraid, but went straight forward and looked at the Tiger King, “Why are you blocking our way?”
“You should not be moving forward, that area in front of you is a forbidden area, it will be dangerous for you to go in.”
The Tiger King reminded Chen Ping!
“Forbidden area?” Chen Ping froze!
“What forbidden area, I’ve clearly gone in there ……”
Cai Hongwei hurriedly retorted to the Tiger King!
The Tiger King didn’t pay any attention to Cai Hongwei, but continued to say to Chen Ping “If it wasn’t for the fact that you helped us detoxify the poison, I wouldn’t have told you, it’s really dangerous in here, it’s best that you guys don’t go in!”
“What exactly is inside here? Surprisingly all the demonic beasts don’t dare to go in?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Don’t ask, I am just kindly reminding you, as to whether you listen or not, that is your own choice.”
After the Tiger King finished speaking, he directly disappeared with a single movement of his body!
At this moment, the crowd was all a little confused, and Chen Ping also began to hesitate a little!
Everyone’s eyes were placed on Cai Hongwei! >
“I did go in, I didn’t lie to you all, there’s nothing inside the cave, and there’s nothing around here either.”
Cai Hongwei tried his best to explain.
“Boss Cai, I believe you, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping finally decided that it was better to go in and see what the danger was!
The crowd continued to move forward and soon stepped into the surroundings of that cave!
After just stepping into that range, Chen Ping suddenly felt a familiar aura!
In this void, there was something different from aura!
One must know that the entire Celestial Realm was filled with aura, but the aura here was different from aura!
Chen Ping felt something familiar, but could not recall it for a moment!
And the Fire Phoenix beside Chen Ping’s side instantly frowned after stepping in!
“Master, this area doesn’t seem to be safe, there should be demonic beasts that have already taken over.”
“I just entered here and felt the warning and threat, this should be left behind by other demonic beasts.”
The Fire Phoenix was also a beast race and was particularly sensitive to such warnings and threats from beasts!
Chen Ping also felt that something was wrong, but he could never remember what was wrong!
“You keep quiet for now and wait and see what happens ……”
Chen Ping reminded the fire phoenix to keep quiet for now, or else he was afraid of causing panic!
Soon, the crowd arrived at a cave, which had a large opening and was pitch black inside!
After walking into the cave, it was found that the cave was not very deep and was very spacious, there was nothing inside the cave, and even less demonic beasts infesting it!
If that Tiger King had not reminded him in advance, Chen Ping would have thought that this cave was the safest place to be!
“I told you long ago, there is nothing in this cave, look at the empty space!”
“Don’t listen to that demon tiger, I don’t know what that demon tiger is up to.”
Cai Hongwei thought that the Tiger King was just scaring them, and now it seemed that there was really no danger!