Early the next morning!
Everyone in the Sheng family gathered together, and Ji Yun had brought the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man and Luo Shouhai as well!
However, even with the addition of the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man and Luo Shouhai, I’m afraid that it would be difficult to follow the Ye Family in a battle.
After all, the strength of these people from the Sheng family was too low, and following the Ye family in a hard fight would definitely be a disadvantage!
“Miss Sheng, Uncle Long, you guys take the Sheng family, and Ghost Old Man and the others to sit and get ready!”
“I’ll follow Second Master Sheng to probe the Ye Family first, if there’s a need, I’ll notify you, and you’ll attack the Ye Family to attract their attention.”
“I will find a way to rescue Master Sheng and Duke Sheng at the Ye Family ……”
Chen Ping arranged to Sheng Jiahui and also Long Bo!
“Mr Chen, that Demon Sealing Alliance following is a mortal enemy, and it’s definitely looking for you everywhere right now, if you enter the Ye Family like this, aren’t you just shooting yourself in the foot?”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder followed Chen Ping and said!
The Ye Family was the rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, and Chen Ping would definitely be in danger if he went to the Ye Family like this!
“I can use the Breath Mimicry Technique, the Ye Family people won’t be able to find out.”
Chen Ping said, and then used the Breath Mimicry Technique to make himself turn into the appearance of the Second Elder of the Sheng Family!
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly turn into the Second Elder, many people in the Sheng Family were shocked!
Sheng Tiantai was also filled with astonishment as he looked at Chen Ping in this manner!
“Mr Chen, even if you are able to change your appearance, but …… but ……”
Sheng Jiahui glanced at Sheng Tiantai, she was afraid that Sheng Tiantai would enter the Ye Family and suddenly backtrack and stop cooperating with them, and tell Chen Ping’s identity, then it would be troublesome!
“Jia Hui, although I follow my big brother with different political views, I won’t harm my big brother or let him die.”
“I also just want to bring the Sheng family to prosperity and make the Sheng family more brilliant!”
Sheng Tian Tai could see that Sheng Jia Hui was afraid that she would go back on her words, so she said with some unhappiness!
“Don’t worry Miss Sheng, unless he himself doesn’t want to live anymore, right now the poison in his body hasn’t been resolved, he wouldn’t dare to play tricks.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping would not bet on Sheng Tiantai’s conscience, right now Sheng Tiantai’s body was still poisoned, except for Chen Ping no one could solve it, so he definitely did not dare to play tricks!
After explaining everything, Sheng Tiantai then led Chen Ping towards the Ye family!
At this time, Ye Liancheng was inside a room piled up with special stones in the Ye family!
Inside this room, there was a young man living, and it was none other than Ye Liancheng’s son, Ye Feng.
Ye Feng’s face was very white, a little scary white, looking as bloodless as a dead person!
And a pair of eyes were filled with bright red!
“Son, you’re holding on, I’ve already captured that Sheng family master to break the formation, when the formation breaks, you’ll be able to enter inside the Holy Pool, at that time, your body’s bloodline will be restored, and you won’t need to be locked up here anymore.”
Ye Liancheng looked at Ye Feng with doting eyes and said!
“Dad, I don’t count on it anymore, I’m not even as good as an invalid now, you don’t need to waste your time on me, it’s better for me to die.”
Ye Feng’s eyes were filled with despair!
“Silly child, what are you talking about, when you recover inside the holy pool, you’ll be absolutely fine, I’ve also prepared a large amount of resources for you.”
“As soon as your body recovers, I’ll be able to let you make a fast breakthrough!”
“You must have confidence in yourself, you absolutely cannot give up on yourself ah!”
Ye Liancheng persuaded Ye Feng, fearing that Ye Feng would not be able to think for a moment!
“En, I know!”
Ye Feng nodded!
Just at this moment, the Grand Elder’s voice sounded outside “Family Master, Second Master Sheng of the Sheng Family has arrived to discuss with you about joining the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Alright, I know!”
Ye Liancheng answered!
Gently patting Ye Feng’s shoulder, Ye Liancheng walked out of the room, the moment he walked out of the room, the kind of pampering that Ye Liancheng just had on his face instantly turned into a cold colour!