“Chen Ping, have a good trip ah ……”
Long Wu said with a faint smile.
“Mr. Chen, you have a difficult task this trip, these female students are afraid that they are not easy to deal with ……”
Ge Fuhai said with a playful smile towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled helplessly, and then led the group onto the plane!
The eight girls, Gu Ling’er, Ge Yuhan, Ge Jiayi, Ji Ruxue, Xiao Min, Wu Mei’er, Xiao Lan and Xiao Ru, followed Chen Ping onto the plane and instantly attracted the attention of many people!
After all, these eight girls were all very beautiful, each with their own characteristics, especially Ji Ru Xue’s fairy aura, and Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan’s natural charm body, causing those men on the plane to look at these girls!
The eight girls didn’t care, they were talking to each other, all very happy!
Chen Ping sat next to Pocky Hu, and as soon as he got on the plane, Pocky Hu sighed.
“Master Hu, what’s wrong with you?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“Chen Ping, I’m telling you, from now on I’m looking for a woman, you’re not allowed to talk about me, you kid have so many women, and you still have the nerve to talk about me?”
“Look at the quality of these women of yours, one is stronger than the other, why do you think I can’t find one like this?”
Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping with a gaze full of envy and jealousy ……
When Chen Ping heard this, he felt speechless and didn’t even know how to answer Hu Pazzi!
On the contrary, that Zhao Barging said at the side, “Master Hu, when we get to the Bear Country, we will find you some foreign girls ……”
Zhao Barging’s words instantly spoke to Master Hu’s heart and immediately laughed, “Yes, yes, but Chen Ping you guy is not allowed to control me ……”
“No matter, no matter ……”
Chen Ping laughed and shook his head!
The plane flew smoothly, and the crowd slowly became calm from the initial excitement, Chen Ping closed his eyes slightly and rested quietly!
Just then, at the rear of the plane, a stewardess’s voice came out, “This gentleman, the plane is flying, I hope you can sit still and don’t move around at will ……”
“I’m f*cking tired of sitting, what’s wrong with taking a couple of steps? Mind your own f*cking business ……”
A bald pa*senger pushed the stewardess, almost knocking her over!
This time, many pa*sengers looked at the bald man with angry eyes!
But looking at the bald man’s fierce face, no one dared to make a sound!
The bald man walked forward, and at some point, there was an extra rose in his hand!
Then he walked up to the eight girls and looked at them with a lustful gaze!
Feeling this bald head’s gaze, all eight girls frowned with a disgusted look on their faces!
“Chen Ping, someone has taken a fancy to your woman ……”
Hu Ma Zi said as he pushed Chen Ping, who had his eyes closed.
Chen Ping opened his eyes, glanced at the bald man, and then closed them again!
Seeing Chen Ping’s lack of reaction, Hu Pazzi said with a surprised look on his face, “Chen Ping, someone is molesting your woman, don’t you care?”
“Don’t care, that bald head is going to be unlucky ……”
Chen Ping said casually.
Gu Ling’er and the rest of the women were not something to be messed with!
Just pick one out, probably can beat the sh*t out of bald head, what does Chen Ping have to be afraid of.
The bald head felt the disgusted eyes of the girls, but he didn’t care at all and said with a smile on his face, “Sisters, can we get to know each other? When you get to Ice Bear Island, I’ll take care of all your food, clothing and accommodation, so feel free to play.”
“I can also take you all to eat all the local food and visit all the sights, and it won’t cost you a penny!”
Bald head was desperately bragging about himself, hoping to establish an image among Gu Ling’er and the girls!
Only no one paid any attention to Bald Head, but it was Ran who looked over at Bald Head with a slight wink!
Sensing the look in Little Lan’s eyes, Bald Head trembled and directly handed the roses in his hand to Little Lan.