Daoist Wufei looked at the Tenth Highness and nodded slightly, “Just a little brat, simple, simple ……”
And the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty all knelt on the ground, excited inside!
Even the old Godly Monarch who had once saved the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty had come, so the Xiao Imperial Dynasty would be fine!
Many of them from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were seeing this legendary figure for the first time!
“Old mongrel, you dare to talk about our Divine Race like that, are you looking for death?”
The Tenth Highness saw Daoist Wufei’s identity at a glance!
“I’m just telling the truth, you killing me won’t change the fact that your God Race has fallen!”
Daoist Wufei spoke!
The Ten Highnesses’ faces became ugly!
“Old mongrel, you seek death ……”
The aura of the Tenth Highness’s body began to rise as he blasted a fist towards the Middle Wayless Daoist!
The Tenth Highness’s sword was gone, and he wasn’t holding a weapon, but instead, he simply slammed out with a simple punch!
This punch caused Daoist Wufei’s face to change slightly, and the gaze in his hand instantly erupted with a golden light before stabbing towards the Tenth Highness!
This seemingly ordinary wooden stick was actually a divine weapon!
Boom!
The great dao roared, the void shook, and the entire Imperial City seemed to obliterate under the chaotic aura of terror!
Everyone watched nervously, a Divine Sovereign who had once saved the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, beating up a small child was still not a handful!
But just as that fist and stick blasted together!
The surroundings instantly fell silent, everything that was terrifying just a moment ago became as if it had stood still!
Daoist Wufei’s stick followed the Ten Highnesses’ fists as they touched together!
In the eyes of the crowd, Daoist Wufei’s stick began to shatter, and Daoist Wufei’s entire body was also like a stone statue, breaking apart little by little!
Daoist Wufei’s divine soul, at the moment, was helplessly suspended in mid-air without a trace of expression on his face!
Seeing this scene, the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty who had just been excited were dumbfounded!
One punch, and the Divine Monarch in their hearts was defeated?
Wouldn’t this be too outrageous?
Moreover, that Tenth Highness was still not using a weapon!
The crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was ashen at the moment!
Master Limitless, on the other hand, let out a light sigh, “Ai, this fellow Wuwei looks like he’s lost a lot of strength after being trapped for so many years!”
For his part, Master Immeasurable sighed softly, “Ai, this fellow Wufei looks like he’s been trapped for so many years, and his strength has dropped quite a bit!”
“Immeasurable Vulture, it looks like we won’t be able to return to the Heavenly Realm together!”
As Daoist Wufei finished speaking, his divine soul slowly dissipated!
Just as Daoist Wufei’s divine soul dissipated, Daoist Wuji in Sun and Moon City frowned furiously!
“Daoist, what’s wrong?”
Lin Chong asked in confusion!
“Emperor Lin, I’m going to leave for a while ……”
After saying that, Daoist Wuji’s figure instantly disappeared into thin air!
And at this moment, everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was shrouded in despair!
They couldn’t see hope, and everyone thought that the Xiao Dynasty was finished!
Even the Divine Monarch was no match for the Tenth Highness, who else could resist?
The entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty seemed to have no chance of survival, and everyone had lost their fighting spirit!
“Xiao Dynasty, is it finished like this?”
Xiao Feng slowly opened his mouth, he did not understand that he had just become the Crown Prince and the Xiao Dynasty was finished!
Could it be that his destiny was to overcome the Xiao Dynasty?
“Even if it is a failure, even if it is death, how have the people of my Xiao Dynasty ever been so humble?”
At this moment, Xiao Yuanshan’s voice rang out from the sky!
“Father ……”
Xiao Feng and Xiao Jian shouted out at the same time!
Boom!
From the centre of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, a terrifying aura rose up into the sky!
A silhouette appeared as the heavens and earth shook!
One could only see that Xiao Yuanshan was dressed in a long robe with a calm expression, without the slightest hint that the dynasty was about to be overthrown!
Seeing Xiao Yuanshan arrive, everyone knelt down!
Xiao Yuanshan, the strongest person in the entire Xiao Dynasty!
“You are Emperor Xiao?”
The Tenth Highness saw the appearing Xiao Yuanshan and asked!