“Mr. Chen, at our current speed, we will be able to reach our clan’s land in another three days.”
“But along the way, it’s best not to run into anyone, let alone anyone from the Gao clan, or it will be troublesome!”
Wajang said after Chen Ping!
After a night’s rest, Chen Ping and the others began to continue their journey, fortunately all were cultivators, this bitter cold and snow was no hindrance to them!
“Let’s try to pick a remote place to travel to avoid unnecessary troubles!”
Chen Ping also knew that many people would come here to look for treasures, and if they ran into enemies, it would be troublesome!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others passed a cave, and this was the place where Su Yuqi and the three of them had been hiding yesterday!
Just as they were passing the cave, Chen Ping suddenly stopped in his tracks and stared blankly inside the cave!
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong?”
Liu Ruyan saw this and hurriedly asked!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, instead his brow was slightly furrowed as he slowly walked towards the inside of the cave!
Seeing this, the others hurriedly followed him!
Upon entering the cave, they found it empty of anything!
“Mr. Chen, what are you looking for?” Wajang asked curiously!
“What a familiar scent, they have stayed here ……”
Chen Ping’s face took on a bit of excitement!
“Who? Who has stopped here?”
Liu Ruyan asked.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, his hands gently resting on the stone wall, feeling the long-lost familiar scent!
Unknowingly, Chen Ping’s tears actually flowed down his face!
After arriving at the Celestial Human Realm, Chen Ping had never given up looking for Su Yuqi and the girls!
But the Celestial Realm was so vast that it was harder than finding a needle in a haystack to find anyone!
But now, for the first time, Chen Ping felt Su Yuqi’s and Fire Phoenix’s scent!
He was so familiar with the two’s scent!
Looking at Chen Ping, Liu Ruyan suddenly realized and gently went forward to wipe Chen Ping’s tears, “Chen Ping, are you talking about those girls?”
Liu Ruyan knew that Chen Ping also had girlfriends in this celestial realm, but they were separated and could not be found!
Chen Ping had told Liu Ruyan about all of them, after all, the two of them had already been married, so there was nothing to hide!
But Liu Ruyan didn’t care at all, no matter how many women Chen Ping had, she would be happy to be one of them!
“Chen Ping, since you felt their scent here, it proves that they shouldn’t have left here for long.”
“Maybe we’ll be able to find them if we look for them.”
Liu Ruyan comforted Chen Ping!
At this moment, the tile jar on the side looked confused, not understanding why Chen Ping was crying, and even more so, why Liu Ruyan would ask Chen Ping to look for those girls!
The tile jar could see that Chen Ping and Liu Ruyan’s relationship was definitely not ordinary, the two must be lovers!
What kind of lovers would want their man to find other girls?
“The Three Monstrous Thieves ……”
Chen Ping shouted out.
“Mr. Chen, what are your orders?”
The Three Monstrous Thieves hurriedly stepped forward and asked!
“You three quickly go and look around, see if you can find a few girls, if you find any, ask for their names and report them to me immediately!”
Chen Ping said quickly!
“Understood!” The three monstrous thieves got their orders and quickly left!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, stayed inside the cave for a while longer and left as well, knowing that staying inside this cave all the time was not an option, he still needed to find the treasure!
“Yu Qi, Fire Phoenix, where the hell are you guys? Don’t be in any danger!”
Chen Ping prayed silently in his heart, praying that Su Yuqi and Fire Phoenix would not be in danger!
But this time, he sensed the two of them inside the cave, so that proved that they were still alive and not in danger of their lives!