Chen Ping’s sentence instantly caused that Right Blind Elder to almost vomit blood!
He had practiced the sword for his entire life, and it was not easy for him to cultivate some sword intent, but now Chen Ping had executed so much sword intent out of a casual chop!
And it looked like Chen Ping himself didn’t even know that this kind of gap was really huge for the Right Blind Elder!
Lin Ke Ting re-examined Chen Ping at this moment, with doubts and incomprehension in her eyes!
She did not understand that Chen Ping, a seventh grade minor cultivator of the Transition Realm, was able to kill so many Sand Scorpions with a single sword strike while his spiritual power was suppressed!
Obviously, what Chen Ping had unleashed was also sword intent, or else it could not have been this powerful!
But Chen Ping himself did not know what sword intent was, which was too strange!
Lin Ke Ting became intensely interested in Chen Ping!
Originally planning to leave, she turned around and looked at Chen Ping, “I didn’t expect you to have this kind of ability, let’s go together, we can also take care of each other!”
Lin Ke Ting took the initiative to invite Chen Ping and the others together, this was obviously due to Chen Ping’s strength!
Chen Ping nodded, Chen Ping was unfamiliar with this Divine Demon Battlefield, but looking at Lin Keting, she seemed to be very familiar with this Divine Demon Battlefield, so going together would be beneficial to Chen Ping as well!
Right now, Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu were the equivalent of ordinary people, if they were really in danger, Chen Ping was afraid that he would not have the energy to take care of the two!
If they were to go together, they would still be able to take care of each other, especially that Right Blind Elder, who was also very powerful, so that the few of them could be said to be invincible in the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Seeing Chen Ping agree to go together, Lin Ke Ting smiled faintly, then turned around and walked forward!
Chen Ping and the rest of them followed behind, while that Right Blind Elder broke the back, always remaining vigilant!
Since so many Sand Scorpions had appeared here, it was possible that there were other demonic beasts out there!
A few people walked for some distance before discovering that more than a dozen huge stones loomed up in front of them!
These stones were strangely shaped without the slightest rule, as if they were all natural!
However, Chen Ping could tell at a glance that these stones were by no means natural, but had been deliberately placed, because the position of these boulders was a small Vertigo Formation!
If one were to rashly walk into these boulders, one would definitely be lost inside, but Chen Ping knew the art of formation, so of course, this small formation would not be difficult for Chen Ping!
Lin Keting just glanced at those boulders and then walked straight over, as if she did not realise that the boulder placement in front of her was a formation!
Chen Ping also did not say anything, but followed behind, with him there would be no getting lost inside!
When the crowd arrived in front of the boulders and looked up, these boulders were tens of metres high!
From a distance, they don’t look big, but when they get closer, they are like small mountains!
Standing in front of these boulders, there was an invisible sense of oppression!
“Mr Chen, look, these boulders seem to have a lot of special writing on them.”
Ji Yun said to Chen Ping with some excitement!
Chen Ping looked carefully, and sure enough, he found a lot of unintelligible writing on the boulders, as if they were some sort of runes!
This discovery made Chen Ping a little excited, if these were all Immortal Laws, or Ancient Secret Laws, then wouldn’t he have made a fortune!
It was only that Chen Ping did not recognise those words on it at all, so he did not know what they were!
Lin Keting just took a large amount of glance and then said, “This is just a record that was carved up by someone, it is not any gongfa ……”
Chen Ping froze and hurriedly asked, “Miss Lin, do you recognise these words?”
“Don’t recognise …… it,” Lin Keting shook her head!
When Chen Ping heard this, he opened his mouth to curse, but he held back!
Not knowing, and still saying it as if it was true!
“You don’t recognise these words, yet you say it’s not a gongfu, who are you fooling? It’s not possible that you’re trying to fool us and then secretly learn the gongfu yourself, right?”
Zhu Qingxiu said with a dissatisfied look towards Lin Keting!