Soon, three black bronze robes led several people from the Broken Heart Sect towards the entrance of the relic!
“D*mn, so there are people from the Kyoto Martial Alliance here too, to think that three black bronze robes came at once ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but curse!
But with his current strength, it would be a breeze to deal with three black bronze robes, not to mention having a Hu Ma Zi around!
“What do we do?”
Hu Puzi asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping frowned slightly and thought quietly for a moment!
“Do you think an ancient ruin like the Heavenly Rune Sect will be dangerous inside?”
Chen Ping asked to Hu Ma Zi.
“That still need to ask, definitely will be, like this kind of sect, before the extinction, will certainly set up layers of organs.”
“It’s not good, go in and get nothing, people will be gone!”
Hu Pazi said with a gloomy face.
“In that case, then we wait, the strength of those three black bronze robes, it is estimated that in that ancient ruins is not good to have any harvest ……”
Chen Ping said.
“Then we’ll just wait?”
Hu Ma Zi looked at the cliff face and asked with some displeasure.
“Then how are we going to wait?”
Chen Ping was stunned!
“Of course is to go down and drink tea and so on, you will not even those mole crickets below are also afraid, right?”
Pocky Hu laughed!
The entire Broken Gut Sect, not even a single Martial Marquis, only that Broken Gut Patriarch is a peak Grand Master!
With such strength, not to mention Chen Ping, even Hu Puzi could deal with it!
Chen Ping to fight, that is anti-aircraft gun to hit the mosquito!
Chen Ping smiled helplessly and could only nod his head.
Two people leapt from mid-air and landed steadily inside the Broken Heart Sect!
“What people?”
At this moment, several members of the Broken Gut Sect who were on patrol saw the sudden intrusion and hurriedly rushed over, surrounding Chen Ping and Hu Pocky.
Chen Ping and Hu Puzi didn’t even look at these minions of the Broken Heart Sect!
“You do not say, the environment here is not bad ……”
Hu Puzi swept a circle and said.
“I just don’t know if the tea here is to your liking!”
Chen Ping laughed.
“Appetite or not, just taste it!”
Hu Pazi finished speaking and walked straight towards the depths of the Broken Heart Sect.
Chen Ping followed behind him, and together they walked towards the inside!
The two of them sang and sang, but those minions of the Broken Gut Sect looked stunned.
“How dare you trespa*s on my Broken Gut Sect and still dare to be so rampant ……”
A member of the Broken Gut Sect could not stand it anymore, wielding a broad-backed sword in his hand, ruthlessly rushing towards Chen Ping and the others!
The other members of the Broken Gut Sect also rushed towards Chen Ping and Hu Puzi!
Chen Ping and Hu Puzi did not stop and kept walking forward.
The next thing they saw was Chen Ping casually waving his hand, and an immense and incomparable aura swept like a gale.
Instantly blew those people from the Broken Heart Sect a hundred meters away, falling to the ground one by one, dead and injured!
Soon, Chen Ping followed Hu Puzi to the hall of the Broken Gut Sect!
And at that moment, the Broken Gut Patriarch was following the senior members of the clan, waiting for news of the three black bronze robes!
Seeing someone suddenly barge in, the Broken Gut Patriarch frowned!
“Who are you people? How dare you trespa*s on my sect?”
“Are those guards outside all dead?”
The Broken Gut Patriarch shouted!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, while Hu Pocky swept is fist and found several senior members of the Broken Gut Sect sitting in their seats with freshly brewed tea in front of them!
Hu Pazzi walked towards a senior member of the Broken Gut Sect, who got up and looked at Hu Pazzi warily!
“What do you want to do?”
The Broken Gut Sect senior frowned slightly, and the aura on his body began to rise up.
“I’m just having a cup of tea, you’re nervous, my a*s!”
Hu Puzi said, fiercely reached out, directly grabbed the collar of that Broken Gut Sect senior, and casually threw it out!