After all, the entrance to the secret realm has been re-added with a spell, unless one has the spell to enter the secret realm, there is no way to get in!
“You have something more than that, although brute force can’t open the entrance to the secret realm, there is however one thing that can, and I’m sure those guys from the Demon Spirit Sect have also told Chen Ping, so maybe Chen Ping has already moved to find it.”
“If he really gets it, he can easily enter our secret realm, not only can he enter the dungeon secret realm, even the secret realm we are currently inhabiting and cultivating, he can also easily enter it.”
Concern appeared on the devil amba*sador’s face.
“What’s so powerful?”
Ning Zhi was filled with astonishment.
“The Hundred Refinements Pavilion’s Order of Heavenly Opportunity ……”
“You can make a move to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion and talk to them in the name of our Demonheart Sect, hoping that they can help, and if you can capture that Chen Ping alive, the best!”
“If not, then beat him to death in his godly form, this time he must not be allowed to live again!”
The Devil Envoy finished speaking and pulled out a small gourd from his body that was only a dozen centimeters long, with a red rope tied to it!
“That Hundred Refinements Pavilion Master, is a master smith, rather he only likes to collect magic weapons in his life, you take this, I believe he will definitely help out when he sees this thing.”
The devil amba*sador handed that small gourd to Ning Zhi!
Ning Zhi took a glance at it and said with a somewhat confused expression, “Lord Devil Envoy, could it be that this small gourd is not some kind of high grade magic weapon?”
“Don’t ask, just do as I say!”
“When the time comes, that Hundred Refinements Pavilion Master will tell you the wonders of this gourd.”
The devil amba*sador waved his hand!
Ning Zhi knelt down on one knee and nodded heavily, “My subordinate will never disgrace my mission, I will definitely bring that Chen Ping back alive ……”
…………
Bu Yun Mountain, Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
The Hundred Refinements Pavilion was located in a hinterland of the Bu Yun Mountain, which was almost isolated from the world, and ordinary people could not find it at all.
Because of the treacherous nature of the mountains, there is no way for ordinary people to reach them!
But for martial artists or cultivators, it didn’t matter how difficult the path was!
At this moment, at the entrance to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, Ning Zhi was looking up at the imposing gate, which had no guards on either side, only two sculptures of dragons and tigers, and when he looked deeper through the gate, he couldn’t see anything inside, it was dimly lit!
From inside the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, there was an invisible sense of oppression that caused Ning Zhi’s heart to feel a little nervous!
As there was no guard at the entrance, and no way to inform him, Ning Zhi walked straight towards the Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
But just as he stepped through the doorway, two terrifying auras suddenly came at him!
Ning Zhi was slightly stunned, but then the dragon and tiger sculptures on either side of him came to life, spewing out terrifying auras and pouncing on Ning Zhi!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi’s body exploded back, directly withdrawing a dozen metres!
As Ning Zhi’s body exited the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, the fierce dragon and tiger had just turned into a sculpture once more!
Cold sweat flowed from Ning Zhi’s forehead, “What a powerful magic weapon, no wonder this place is known as the Sacred Land of Refinement ……”
No one could have imagined what a masterstroke it was to put two magic weapons on guard, even though there were no guards at the entrance!
In the entire secular world of martial arts families, I was afraid that they would not be able to find such a big gesture.
“Who is the person coming ……”
At this moment, a middle-aged man in robes stepped out and bellowed sternly at Ning Zhi!
“I am Ning Zhi of the Demonic Heart Sect, and I have come to seek an audience with the Pavilion Master of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion.”
Ning Zhi said politely.
Although he had now reached the strength of a Fourth Grade Martial Saint, and this middle-aged man was merely a Grand Martial Marquis in strength, Ning Zhi did not dare to show the slightest bit of disrespect!
“Someone from the Demonic Heart Sect?” The middle-aged man faintly stared, then said, “Follow me in ……”
Ning Zhi followed that middle-aged man into the Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
Although he had already walked into the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, Ning Zhi’s eyes could only make out a distance of ten or so metres, the rest of it being shrouded in a kind of dimness!
It was almost impossible to see the entire Hundred Refinements Pavilion in its entirety, and Ning Zhi guessed that this Hundred Refinements Pavilion must have been shrouded by a ma*sive magic weapon as well, to cause this!