“Wow, is this …… the place where the immortals fell?”
“What a big clan, get rich, get rich ……”
“There must be quite a lot of treasures here, fortunately we didn’t leave!”
Numerous cultivators also rushed to the cave entrance, looking at the magnificent sect below, each one of them jumping up and down with joy!
Ouyang Zhenhua was also shocked by the sight before him!
He also didn’t expect that the cave was linked to such a large sect!
Numerous cultivators leapt down in a single bound, each one of them new to the scene!
At this time, Chen Ping had already walked inside the sect, looking at the dilapidated houses and collapsed buildings, Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief!
“All cheer up, be careful that there are traps and mechanisms within this sect gate.”
Chen Ping knew that for such a huge sect, even if it was destroyed, he was afraid that there would still be traps and such within the sect!
There would even be remnants of formations!
After all, this kind of clan would definitely have a clan protection formation!
At this time, Ouyang Zhenhua and the others had already caught up, seeing Chen Ping and the others being careful, Ouyang Zhenhua stepped forward and said, “Fellow Daoist, is there still a danger within this crumbling Sacred Sect?”
Ouyang Zhenhua asked Chen Ping because he felt that Chen Ping should have known about this place in advance!
After all, no one dared to enter that cave, yet Chen Ping was the first to go in!
Without complete certainty and confidence, how would Chen Ping dare to enter?
“I’m not sure, but it’s better to be careful, after all, for such a huge sect, there should be remnants of formations, and organs and traps of sorts.”
Chen Ping said!
“Since this is the case, then let the puppet in my hand explore the path, and if there is really any danger, we will also be able to react.”
After Ouyang Zhenhua finished speaking, he waved his sleeve robe and two black shadows instantly appeared!
Immediately after that, they turned into two one-person tall puppets, and under Ouyang Zhenhua’s command, they began to slowly move deeper towards the sect!
The Wuji Sacred Sect’s hierarchy was very strict, which could be seen by looking at the sect’s architecture!
Just after entering the sect gate, there was a patchwork of relatively low rooms, and although some had collapsed, there were also some that were intact.
These should all be places where ordinary disciples lived!
And the further inwards one went, the taller and thicker the houses became!
Passing through those low rooms, an independent courtyard appeared, these should be where some of the senior disciples of the sect lived!
These people all had independent cultivation spaces!
Chen Ping and the others found a relatively intact courtyard, then carefully pushed the door in!
But just as the two puppets walked through the door, they suddenly burst without warning!
The sturdy puppets became crumbs in an instant.
This scene could have startled the crowd!
If this hadn’t been lined up in front of the golem, the person who entered first would have been afraid that their soul would have been scattered by now!
“What a powerful formation, how many years has it been? It’s still so powerful?”
Ouyang Zhenhua said with a pang of fear!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, frowned, his eyes filled with gravity!
If a disciple’s compound was protected by such a formation, then the clan hall behind it, and the elders after the clan, the patriarch’s residence, would they still have the ability to probe?
“Everyone, don’t move around, let me see how many more spell formations are in these compounds.”
Chen Ping was curious to know what was the difference between the spell formations laid down by the Heavenly Realm Great Sect, following the current spell formations!
After all, this Wuji Sacred Sect had perished for an unknown number of years, when the Red Cloud Demon Monarch came to the Celestial Realm, this Wuji Sacred Sect had long since been destroyed!
And the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had been suppressed under the Heavenly Demon Mountain for thousands of years, even earlier than the Divine Demon War!
Then the destruction of this Wuji Sacred Sect was even longer ago!
Could it be that before the God-Devil War, there had been some other terrible war?
Chen Ping pondered, to know that to be able to make such a huge sect like the Wuji Holy Sect to be destroyed, then the strength of the other party must also be terrifying to the extreme!