“These people are all from the Two Yi Sect of the Central Region, I have informed them in advance, so they rushed here.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Central Region Two Yi Sect?”Chen Wenliang’s eyes widened roundly and his face was filled with shock, “That’s a very powerful technique sect, I’m afraid that this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect isn’t a match for them.”
“Could it be that the Sect Master they are talking about is not Fellow Daoist Chen?”
“It is none other than me!”Chen Ping laughed!
Buzz!
Everyone’s heads all buzzed, they simply didn’t know how a Chen Ping who was at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, and was also a Pill Master, had become the Sect Master of an Artistic Sect?
Even Liu Ruyan and the others were curious, after all, Chen Ping had not told them that he had become the Sect Master of some Two Yi Sect!
“No wonder fellow Daoist Chen is so confident and knows the formations like the back of his hand, to be the Sect Master of the Two Yi Sect, disrespectful!”
When Zhou Qian heard this, he immediately came over and said politely!
Just now he did not believe in Chen Ping, but now that he knew Chen Ping’s identity, he instantly became respectful!
The other Pill Masters also started to become respectful towards Chen Ping, even some of those who had some inner thoughts towards Chen Ping and wanted to take the Sealing Demon Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, at this moment, they also completely laughed out loud at the thought!
Chen Ping not only had that Xiao Huang Dynasty behind him, but he was also the Sect Master of the Two Yi Sect, so how could these people of theirs dare to move!
Now the crowd also finally understood why the Demon Sealing Alliance had to take out a hundred years of offerings, after all, for someone with Chen Ping’s status, if the benefits were too low, it was expected that no one would make a move!
And at this moment, Su Tianshuo and the others who were watching the battle from afar were all dumbfounded when they saw the people from the Two Yi Sect who suddenly appeared!
“President Su, what’s going on? How did so many people suddenly appear?”
“And these people look like they have very strong arts as well, are they here to save Medicine God Island?”
Bao Longxing asked with a frown!
“These are people from the Two Yi Sect, they’re all clans from the Central Region, why have they suddenly come here?”
“Just now, I thought I heard them shouting something about a Sect Master, could it be that their Sect Master is also trapped here?”
Su Tianshuo was puzzled, how did the Two Yi Sect, which was far away in the Central Region, run to the Western Region?
“The ones trapped in here are all pharmacists, where is there any Two Yi Sect’s Sect Master, it’s really strange.”
“Then what do we do? Make a move?”
Bao Longxing asked!
“Move what hand, I think the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect is going to hang, let’s look at the situation, if the situation is not good, withdraw immediately!”
Su Tianshuo didn’t know that the Two Yi Sect’s people had even come, so he didn’t dare to make a move!
At this moment, the people from the Two Yi Sect and the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect were fighting in the dark, all sorts of gorgeous techniques, constantly exploding in the air!
Disciples from both sides were exchanging casualties!
“Gu Tianzhao, our Zhentian Dharma Sect and your Two Yi Sect have no grievances, nor do we have the slightest bit of bad blood, why did you come all the way to the Western Region to deal with us?”
Wang Qingshi roared at Gu Tianzhao!
Originally, the victory was already in sight, but the people from the Two Yi Sect suddenly came, which instantly made the Zhentian Dharma Sect, which had already gained the upper hand, instantly become inferior!
“Wang Qing Shi, your Zhentian Dharma Sect is not at odds with our Two Yi Sect, nor do you have any grudges, it’s just that you’ve been blind and trapped our sect master in a large formation, so don’t blame us for being impolite!”
Gu Tianzhao said with a cold snort!
“Your Sect Master?”Wang Qingshi looked confused and said, “Who is your Sect Master? The ones I trapped are all Apothecaries of the Apothecary Guild, where is your Sect Master.”
“Chen Ping is our Two Yi Sect’s Sectmaster, now do you know?”
“Release our Sect Master, then kneel down and apologise, beg for our Sect Master’s forgiveness, and you’ll still have a slight chance of surviving!”
Gu Tianzhao said!