“Mr. Chen, I really didn’t know it was you, if I did, I wouldn’t dare to give me a hundred guts!”
When Liao Fei Xiong saw this time, he could only follow Chen Ping and apologize, this was also considered that one had to bow down under the eaves of the house!
“You know me?” Chen Ping frowned slightly!
Liao Fei Xiong smiled awkwardly, “I met Mr. Chen once at the ancient banquet, our gang leader was injured by Mr. Chen ……”
“Since you know that I injured Feng Sihai, why didn’t you seek revenge on me? And still treat me so politely?” Chen Ping was puzzled, the Gathering Hall and the Red Dragon Gang had always been at odds, and now that Chen Ping had injured Feng Sihai, it was only logical that the people of the Red Dragon Gang would be enemies when they saw him!
But this Liao Fei Xiong was polite to him, and he spoke very respectfully!
“Mr. Chen is joking, with Mr. Chen’s ability, unless I don’t want to live anymore myself, how dare I seek revenge from Mr. Chen ……”
Liao Feixiong said matter-of-factly.
Chen Ping smiled, he didn’t expect this Liao Fei Xiong to be quite honest, a great man can bend and stretch, he can be considered a lord!
“Now you can tell me, who wants to buy my life?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Xing Jun, he was the one who gave me a million to do so ……” Where would Liao Fei Xiong dare to hide, he would not lose his life for the sake of some rule!
Chen Ping smiled coldly, he had already guessed that it was this Xing Jun who did it!
Turning around and walking out of the office, Liao Fei Xiong then realised that he was already soaked through!
“Brother Xiong, was the gang master really injured by this guy? It looks too young ……”
After Chen Ping left, a big man asked with a face full of shock.
Liao Fei Xiong grimaced, “Inform this down, no one is allowed to mess with this fierce star for me until the gang master returns ……”
“Understood!” Nodding their heads, the four big men immediately went down to inform!
And at this time in the private room, Xing Jun with his men had already had their fill of drinks, seeing Chen Ping being taken away, Xing Jun was happy, so was Cui Zhiyuan!
A general manager and a department manager, when two people are happy, how can others not be happy!
Having had enough wine and food, Xing Jun got up and waved his hand, “That’s it for today, we have work to do tomorrow, I hope your sales department will keep up the good work ……”
The fact that Xing Jun was happy, he also drank a lot and his face was red!
Since Xing Jun announced that the banquet was over, no one dared to stay, so they all got up and prepared to leave!
“Brother Chen Ping hasn’t come back yet, aren’t we going to wait for him?”
Seeing that everyone was leaving, Wang Han Han asked anxiously.
“Wang Han Han, didn’t you hear what Chief Xing said? Let’s go back and rest so that we can work tomorrow, are you trying to disobey General Manager Xing’s words?”
Cui Zhiyuan yelled at Wang Han Han!
Wang Han Han had a nervous look on her face, she didn’t dare to disobey Xing Jun, but she was worried about Chen Ping’s safety!
“Han Han, leave that Chen Ping alone, maybe this guy has long since sneaked back in, let’s go back first ……”
Sun Xiaomeng persuaded to Wang Han Han!
Wang Han Han saw this, and could only go back first to see what happened!
On the other hand, Xing Jun on the side had the corners of his mouth slightly raised and sneered inwardly, “Chen Ping will never be going back.”
But just as the crowd was about to leave, the door to the private room was pushed open and Chen Ping walked in!
“Chen Ping?”
Everyone was stunned to see Chen Ping come in, they thought Chen Ping had gone out and had long since been beaten and unable to move!
And the one who was even more surprised was Xing Jun, he had clearly said that he would help him get rid of Chen Ping, so how could Chen Ping suddenly appear again?
“Brother Chen Ping …………”
Wang Han Han saw that Chen Ping had come back and hurriedly pounced on him with joy!
“How did you …… you come back?”
Xing Jun asked incredulously.
Chen Ping smiled coldly, “Of course I came back after things were resolved, doesn’t GM Xing want me to come back?”