Chen Ping felt the killing intent on the City Lord’s body and also shut his mouth, then quickly retreated back from that ancient tree space!
Facing that City Lord, Chen Ping knew that he was powerless to fight back!
The other party had clearly reached the Immortalisation Realm!
The reason why he didn’t show his face should be that he was cultivating so that he could quickly ascend to the Heavenly Realm!
Looking at the ancient tree in front of him, and the rich spiritual energy in the tree, Chen Ping sighed for a while!
With his current strength, there was no way to take the spiritual energy in this ancient tree for himself!
“Since I can’t take the ancient tree for myself, let’s see if the vein of Immortal Spirit Stones is real.”
Chen Ping was helpless and could only settle for the next best thing, to see if the vein that Xiong Gao said was real!
It would be great to be able to get a vein of Immortal Spirit Stones!
Together with the storage bag that he had managed to get from that Luo Ta, and the hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, Chen Ping had enough to cultivate for a while!
With these resources breaking through to the Mahayana realm should be no problem at all!
Therefore, Chen Ping decided that after getting the vein of Immortal Spirit Stones, he would dive into cultivation for a period of time!
Otherwise, his current strength was really already strained!
Some of the hidden forces in the Celestial Realm were slowly starting to appear, Chen Ping also had to hurry up and cultivate before he could do so!
It was evening!
The sky was gradually darkening!
Chen Ping felt that it was about time in the middle of his cell and then walked out of the cell with ease!
Xiong Gao’s eyes fell out in shock as he looked at Chen Ping who regarded the cell as nothing!
Arriving in the courtyard of the large prison, there were no guards watching!
Because the entire dungeon was wrapped in formations, it was unlikely that any prisoner would be able to escape!
This was better, just so Chen Ping could easily escape!
As for the formations around the prison, Chen Ping did not place them in his eyes at all!
Although the illusionary formations around the Beast City were very powerful and Chen Ping was not capable of breaking them, the formations around the prison were like child’s play!
Only Chen Ping’s body was seen submerged in the white mist, and then his palms lightly pressed forward!
A white light spread out from his palms, and a barrier appeared in front of Chen Ping!
This was the formation around the large prison, Chen Ping’s body slowly passed through the barrier, surprisingly there was not the slightest obstruction, even the formation did not fluctuate much and did not startle the guards!
At this time, Bai Cheng had already been waiting outside the dungeon, he was afraid that Chen Ping had no way to come out from within the dungeon, after all, the dungeon had also been thousands of years old, and no one had been able to escape privately!
If he could not bring Chen Ping before General Xing, then he would definitely be questioned, and maybe the other guest ministers would have to continue to mock him!
Just as Bai Cheng was pacing back and forth, very anxious, he suddenly felt a fluctuation of energy around him!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping’s body unexpectedly appeared and slowly walked out directly from within that white mist!
Seeing Chen Ping really walk out from within the prison, breaking through the formation, Bai Cheng was filled with surprise and shock!
“Mr Chen, you really came out?”
Bai Cheng stepped forward and sized up Chen Ping!
“If I say I can come out, I can definitely come out, take me to see that General Xing!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Good, let’s go!”Bai Cheng nodded!
Bai Cheng led Chen Ping to the general’s residence!
At this time, General Xing was sitting in the hall with a dozen guest ministers, quietly waiting!
“General, that Bai Cheng is more than likely talking nonsense, it’s already this time of the day and the person hasn’t been brought yet.”
“That’s right, I’ve never heard that there’s still a Dragon Race in our Beast City!”
“A cultivator of the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm being able to defeat a fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm, anyway, I don’t believe it even if it kills me… If the one called Chen Ping is really here, I’d like to have a contest with him to see if he can defeat me, a fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm!”
Many of the guest ministers simply did not believe what Bai Cheng had said!