The huge impact caused Lu San to be knocked out instantly!
The disciples of the New Sect Master’s lineage, on the other hand, let out attends under this huge heat wave!
Many disciples were directly burnt, while others fainted!
Boom!
Accompanied by a roar from the Supreme Fire, the entire place of assessment instantly shook!
The white area in front of everyone’s eyes was slowly dissipating, and the aura of the Supreme Fire within the entire land of assessment became manic!
“Something’s wrong, the Supreme Fire is on fire ……”
Lu San roared at the sight!
And Liu Sh*tong, who was sitting outside at the moment, was also startled!
He also sensed that something had happened to the assessment ground, and panicked as he began to manipulate the formation, wanting to open up the assessment ground!
If something happened to the examination ground and many disciples died inside, he, as the chief examiner of the examination, would not be able to get away with it!
Although he could use means to make the disciples of the old Sect Master’s lineage fail the test!
But he wouldn’t dare to let all these people die in the examination ground, that would be a big accident!
If not, the Purple Flame Sect would be at risk of infighting and even annihilation!
Liu Sh*tong opened the formation, and the test place instantly became bright, and the white areas disappeared!
And at this moment, Lu San was burnt black, and many of those disciples he brought with him were injured, some even fainted.
“Senior brother, senior sister …………”
Wei Qing also ran in panic, shouting at Chen Ping and Qian Xiu!
With this situation occurring, he was also afraid that someone would get hurt!
“Senior brother ……”
Chen Ping brought Qian Xiu and the others to reveal their forms.
These people of theirs had a relaxed look on their faces, and no one was injured at all!
Only Lu San and the others were in a mess, and there were many disciples who were injured!
“This is fine, how come the to fire will suddenly explode?”
Wei Qing saw that Chen Ping and the others were fine, then he put his heart down, then looked at Liu Sh*tong and asked!
He thought that this Liu Sh*tong was up to no good again!
“Wei Qing, don’t ask me, I don’t know, you don’t think I messed up, right?”
“I’m telling you, no one would dare to make such a big commotion, this is fatal.”
Liu Sh*tong said with a serious face!
He was telling the truth, he wouldn’t dare to do so!
Wei Qing also believed that Liu Sh*tong didn’t have that kind of guts!
“What’s going on here?” Liu Sh*tong looked at Lu San and asked!
“I …… don’t know ah ……”
“I just wanted to use the supreme fire within the copper mirror to look for the supreme fire within the Lower Examination Ground, and as a result …………”
Lu San told his encounter in detail after Liu Sh*tong!
After Liu Sh*tong heard it, he was instantly furious and gave that Lu San a hard slap!
“Malegobi’s, you idiot, who let you do that?”
“I only asked you to utilise the Supreme Flame within the copper mirror to increase the lower Supreme Flame aura, so that they wouldn’t be able to withstand it.”
“You even took the liberty of releasing both the supreme fires, two supreme fires colliding together, can they not blow up?”
“This place of assessment is strictly controlled, in order not to injure the assessment disciples, the Supreme Fire is also calculated.”
“You even let the two Supreme Flames fuse together, can the formations in this place of assessment withstand it?”
Liu Sh*tong cursed in anger, punching and kicking at that Lu San!
He couldn’t wait to beat this idiot to death!
Lu San’s face was full of aggression, he didn’t know what happened, at that time, the Supreme Fire within the bronze mirror disappeared, followed by an explosion!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, snickered inwardly when he saw this, now that he had stolen the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame and hadn’t been discovered, he had let that Lu San take the blame!
“What happened?”
At this moment, an old man with a cold face came walking briskly!
Seeing the visitor, it was obvious that the faces of that Liu Sh*tong and also Wei Qing and the others changed!
“Elder Cui, the to fire explosion in the place of assessment, there was a slight malfunction, luckily no disciple’s life is in danger.”
Liu Sh*tong hurriedly greeted him and said to that old man!