The white smoke within the four Soul Subduing Towers constantly surrounded Ochre Yan, and then this smoke returned to the Soul Subduing Towers once again, emerging from the top of the Towers once again, and so on and so forth!
Because of this, Ochre Yan’s residual soul figure became clearer and clearer, and in the end it was as if it had become a person standing in front of everyone!
At this point, Ochre Yan was no longer a remnant soul, but a complete soul body, and all he had to do later was to remake his physical body with materials!
“Wasn’t your previous physical body blown up by someone? It seems that the other party wanted to cure you to death, even the divine soul was injured, leaving only such a remnant soul behind, the hand was ruthless enough, if Mr Cheng hadn’t allowed you to reside in his body, with a remnant soul like yours, you wouldn’t have been able to find a host, and it would have been blown apart by the power of heaven and earth.”
Patriarch Jiang said as he wiped the sweat from his forehead!
Ochre Yan’s remnant soul lacked too much, so Patriarch Jiang had spent a lot of spiritual energy in order to completely restore Ochre Yan’s soul!
However, Patriarch Jiang’s words caused both Ochre Yan and Chen Ping to be embarrassed for a while!
It was Chen Ping who had done this, so he couldn’t say it at this time!
“Patriarch Jiang, is it alright for this friend of mine to remould his flesh now?”
Chen Ping asked to Patriarch Jiang!
“It’s fine, his soul has been completely restored, remoulding his physical body will be fine next.”
Patriarch Jiang nodded, then struck out a breath that directly penetrated Ochre Yan’s divine soul!
Ochre Yan was slightly stunned, then his eyes became confused, and in the end, he even directly closed his eyes and fainted!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was immediately startled!
Ochre Yan was now a soul body, there was no physical body anymore, where would he still faint to death?
It was impossible for a soul body to be knocked unconscious except by directly dispersing it or burning it with spirit fire!
Seeing the shocked look on Chen Ping’s face, Patriarch Jiang lightly smiled and said “Mr Cheng don’t panic, your friend is fine, the remodelling of the physical body at the back is too painful, I am just letting your friend temporarily faint to death, this will prevent him from panicking!”
Chen Ping nodded, but he was even more impressed with the Soul Demon Sect, it was worthy of being a sect that specialised in the study of souls!
As the saying goes, there are specialisations in the arts, Chen Ping wanted to follow Patriarch Jiang to learn a few techniques that specifically target the soul!
With a wave of his hand, the four Soul Suppressing Towers suddenly flew away and returned to the four directions of the Soul Demon Sect, it seemed that these Soul Suppressing Towers were considered to be the Soul Demon Sect’s Soul Suppressing Treasure!
Patriarch Jiang played a large number of spells with both hands, and then Ochre Amazing didn’t want to be surrounded by a single formation brand, and then stepped forward and stood in front of Ochre Amazing’s soul!
Chen Ping looked at the formation branding in front of him and realised that there was nothing peculiar about the formation formed by this formation, just about anyone could easily pass through it!
This kind of formation should be specifically for the soul body, so it would have no effect at all on a normal person!
Patriarch Jiang put his fingers together and a purple aura was like a small snake, drilling into Ochre Yan’s soul!
Ochre Yan’s soul began to tremble violently, looking as if it was in great pain!
Patriarch Jiang’s forehead also gradually had a layer of sweat beads on it!
The soul flowers in the surroundings flew up and then quickly landed on top of Ochre Yan’s soul!
After these soul flowers landed on the Ochre Amazing Soul, they immediately melted and disappeared in general!
And Ochre Amazing’s transparent soul soul actually began to grow layers of skin!
As the soul flowers continued to float down, Amazing Ochre’s body was growing rapidly!
Soon, a fully naked Ochre Amazing appeared!
Bronze-coloured skin, bulging muscles, and angular face, this fleshly body was surprisingly much stronger than when Ochre Amazing started!
Chen Ping looked at Ochre Amazing’s physical body and was also shocked, when he first beheaded Ochre Amazing, he could not see that this fellow still had the appearance of a beautiful man!
But now, after remodelling, he had become much more handsome, as if he had gone to some plastic surgery institution and had a direct operation to do a plastic surgery!