“Dad, why are the people from the Giant Savage Palace here?”
Seeing this, Ji Cheng asked with a puzzled face!
“There’s no need to ask, it must be your second uncle who found them, otherwise how could they have entered here so easily.”
Ji Lian Jun said coldly!
“Second Uncle suddenly brought the people from the Giant Savage Palace here at this time of the day, could it be that he’s going to make a move?”
“Should I go and arrange for manpower?”
Ji Cheng thought that Ji Lianying suddenly brought the people from the Giant Barbarian Palace here, was he trying to make a move!
“Don’t move yet, your second uncle wouldn’t be stupid enough to make a move on this day.”
Ji Lian Jun knew that Ji Lian Ying, in his stupidity, would not be able to make a move on a day like this, not to mention whether Ji Lian Jun would agree or not, the other collateral lineages of the Ji Family would definitely not agree as well!
It was hard to wait for the opening of the Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground, and it was very likely that the strength of these side lineage’s children would skyrocket because of this Ancestral Ground!
They definitely couldn’t let such an opportunity go to waste and let Ji Lianying make a move at a time like this!
“Palace Master Qin ……”
Seeing Qin Hetian, Ji Lianying hurriedly greeted him!
“Second Master Ji!” Qin He Tian arched his hand!
Behind Qin Hetian was Qin Jingyun, who at the moment had a strong dissatisfaction on his face!
After Ji Meiling in the team saw Qin Jingyun, she couldn’t help but have anger rise in her eyes!
When she thought of herself being slimed by Qin Jingyun, Ji Meiling wanted to beat this guy to death!
“Palace Master Qin, I wonder what’s the matter with your sudden visit to my Ji family?”
Ji Lianjun sat in his seat and did not get up!
For Qin Hetian, Ji Lianjun wouldn’t be too polite with him, after all, it was already known that Ji Lianying had colluded with the Giant Barbarian Palace, so Ji Lianjun didn’t need to be polite!
When Qin He Tian saw Ji Lian Jun’s attitude, he immediately frowned, his heart was dissatisfied, but he still suppressed his anger and said “Ji family master, I’m here to seek justice ……”
Qin Hetian’s words, let Ji Lianjun immediately a little confused, full of puzzled face said “justice? What justice?”
“The people from your house, beat up my son and broke his arm, do you think I should seek justice?”
“Our Giant Savage Palace follows your Ji family without any grievances, and for so many years because of the teleportation array, our two families walking is also considered some friendship.”
“But my son was shopping in your Yellow Blue City and was injured by your Ji Family, it’s simply too much.”
Qin Hetian questioned with a face full of anger!
“Oh? There’s such a thing?” Ji Lianjun frowned “Exactly who in our Ji family did this?”
“It was your two daughters, followed by a guy called Chen Ping, they were the ones who injured me.” Qin Jingyun stood out and said angrily!
Ji Lianjun froze, he didn’t think it would be Chen Ping and his two daughters who did it!
But without waiting for Ji Lian Jun to speak, Ji Meiling who was in the middle of the team couldn’t stand it anymore, and directly rushed out and said “You fart, spitting blood, it was you who molested me first, and then Mr Chen couldn’t see past it, and only then did he do it.”
“And at that time we were ready to leave, it was you who wanted to follow Mr Chen in a one punch match, as a result you were defeated in one punch and broke your arm, what’s it got to do with us? It’s you who are not as skilled as you are, if I were you, I’d just headbutt myself to death, how dare you come to the door!”
Ji Meiling was cursing at Qin Jingyun, turning his face red!
Seeing this, Qin He Tian’s face turned cold and said “Ji family head, is this how you teach your daughter?”
“Meiling, must not be rude ……” Ji Lianjun rebuked at Ji Meiling, and then said “You tell the original story, absolutely not allowed to have any concealment… …”
Ji Meiling nodded and then told the story in detail, when he heard that this Qin Jingyun dared to eat Ji Meiling’s tofu after knowing that she was the eldest miss of the Ji family, Ji Cheng couldn’t help himself!