The Ning Family in Kyoto!
Ning Zhi had gathered all the experts of the Ning Family together, there were ten or so half-step Martial Marquis alone, and even more than a dozen experts at the peak of Martial Sect!
These were all of the Ning Family’s a*sets, and all of the Ning Family’s forces in other places had also been mobilised by Ning Zhi.
This time, Ning Zhi had also sunk his sword and exposed all of the Ning Family’s forces.
It was also this exposure that shocked many people in the Kyoto martial arts community!
They did not expect the Ning Family to have secretly cultivated so many experts outside.
However, according to Ning Zhi’s nature, secretly cultivating forces in secret was just in line with his character.
Ning Zhi waited for Chen Ping for a full day, but he did not see him appear.
Not only Ning Zhi, but also the other clans and families in the Kyoto martial arts world were waiting for Chen Ping to appear at the Ning family!
No matter who won or lost, these people were just watching the action!
But they were all disappointed, Chen Ping did not appear at the Ning Family!
“Has this Chen Ping gone soft? Why didn’t he go to the Ning Family?”
“With the Ning Family suddenly revealing such strong strength, I think that Chen Ping would have run away long ago.”
“No one expected that this Ning Family would secretly develop such great strength, with more than ten half-step Martial Marquises alone.”
The crowd of people in the Martial Dao world chattered.
Night fell and the full moon hung high!
Just at midnight, a figure slowly appeared at the Ning Family’s villa.
Ning Zhi was sitting on a chair, his eyes slightly closed, resting.
After waiting for Chen Ping all day, Chen Ping had not even come, and Ning Zhi was a little tired.
“What kind of person? Barging into the Ning family at night?”
At this moment, a furious shout from outside woke Ning Zhi straight away.
Ning Zhi’s eyes snapped open and his body quickly rushed out.
Under the moonlight, Ning Zhi could see Chen Ping at a glance.
And in Chen Ping’s hand, he was still carrying several heads, all of which Chen Ping had killed last night.
All of them were attached to the Ning family.
“Chen Ping, you’ve really come after all, I’ve been waiting for you all day!”
Ning Zhi said with a slight gaze in his eyes.
“Of course I will come, if I said I would kill you, I will kill you ……”
Chen Ping threw the human head in his hand, directly at Ning Zhi’s feet.
Ning Zhi’s eyes flashed with a cold aura as he didn’t even glance at the dead men.
These clans and families that were attached to their Ning Family were no different from dogs to Ning Zhi.
A few dead dogs were all that mattered, Ning Zhi would not be moved by this!
At this moment, the Ning Family was already lit up, and Chen Ping was directly surrounded.
“Chen Ping, you’re too wild, don’t think that with Mr. Shi protecting you, you can be reckless!”
“Today, even if the King of Heaven comes, I will kill you, this time I have gathered a dozen half-step Martial Marquis, I will see how you can still escape ……”
Ning Zhi said as he looked at Chen Ping coldly.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted and his eyes were filled with contempt, “I’ll kill you today, even if a dozen half-step Martial Marquises, they won’t be able to stop me ……”
“Humph, big talk ……”
Ning Zhi finished speaking and gave a wink towards those experts of the Ning Clan.
In an instant, a dozen half-step Martial Marquis experts had an appalling aura erupt from their bodies.
“Chen Ping, kneel on the ground now and hand over your treasures, and I might be able to make it painful for you ……”
Ning Zhi was still thinking about the treasures on Chen Ping’s body.
“I’ve said it before, you’re not worthy like that, ever!”
After saying that, a sliver of golden light began to fill Chen Ping’s entire body.
A terrifying aura also emanated from Chen Ping’s body.
Feeling the aura on Chen Ping’s body, Ning Zhi frowned slightly.
He had not expected that Chen Ping, who had been severely injured, would be able to recover as he had in such a short period of time.
This was simply too perverse.
“Do it, arrest him for me ……”
Ning Zhi did not order Chen Ping to be killed, but to be captured.
He needed to get all of the treasures on Chen Ping’s body before he could let him die.
Especially that dragon crystal, that was something that Ning Zhi had always dreamed of obtaining.
And in Ning Zhi’s mind, that dragon crystal should have been his own.