Chen Ping stared at Zhou Jie with a deadly gaze, only to see that Zhou Jie’s eyes were sincere and she was not lying.
“You just said that you could save my girlfriend and that there was a secret that I didn’t know, what exactly is it?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Mr. Chen, forgive me for not being able to tell you now, this secret can only be told to you if we both reach a cooperation ……”
Zhou Jie shook her head!
“You’ve said half a day, it all amounts to nonsense, how should you convince me that your Demon Spirit Sect has the strength?”
Chen Ping saw that Zhou Jie didn’t say anything about the secret, so he provoked him to say it.
Zhou Jie laughed, not getting angry, and exposed Chen Ping’s provocation as, “Mr. Chen is using provocation on me, you don’t have to, to show our sincerity, I will still have a secret to tell you.”
“You are now going to all the trouble to save your girlfriend, in fact what you have seen is just mapping, even if you manage to open the cell door, there is no way your girlfriend will leave the confines of the dungeon!”
“As soon as she leaves the spell, her body will instantly dissipate, her original body is not in that dungeon ……”
Zhou Jie’s words instantly caused Chen Ping to freeze.
“Impossible, absolutely impossible, I’ve seen Yu Qi several times, the aura on her body, everything is real, how could it be a mapping?”
“You don’t have to take me for a fool, I trust my instincts, it simply can’t be fake ……”
“If it’s fake, why didn’t Yuqi ask and tell me? There’s absolutely no way it’s fake.”
Chen Ping shook his head, not believing it at all.
Zhou Jie smiled coldly, “I’ve already said what I should say, it’s up to you whether you believe it or not, as for cooperating with our Demon Spirit Sect, I hope Mr. Chen will think about it ……”
After saying that, Zhou Jie turned around and left the room, just as she opened the door, she saw Hu Ma Zi outside the door, the two almost collided together!
Seeing Zhou Jie come out, Hu Pazzi’s eyes hurriedly looked towards Zhou Jie’s thighs and desperately breathed in the fragrance on Zhou Jie’s body!
If she hadn’t come to talk to Chen Ping about cooperation, she would have given him a good beating!
But the last time Hu Puzi survived, she was a bit surprised, she thought that he was a bit horny, but he was also strong!
Zhou Jie led the men away and Chen Ping came out of the room!
Hu Puzi hurriedly sniffed at Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping looked surprised and said, “Master Hu, what are you doing?”
“I’m sniffing what you’re doing in there, alone and alone? That’s my woman, don’t you mess around ……”
Pocky Hu warned at Chen Ping.
When Chen Ping heard this, he burst into tears, “Your woman, it almost didn’t kill you ……”
“Then you don’t care, I’m happy, I’ll die under the peony flower as a ghost ……” Hu Pazzi shook his head and said, “By the way, what did that little lady say to you?”
Chen Ping didn’t hide it and said directly, “She wants to cooperate with me ……”
“Cooperation?” Hu Ma Zi was stunned, “Did you agree? If we cooperate, then we are our own people, right?”
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes, if we cooperate, we’re our own people, and you’ll still be able to see her often ……”
“Really?” Hu Pazzi’s eyes lit up, “Promise her, promise her quickly and work with her ……”
Hu Puzi grabbed Chen Ping’s shoulder and shook it hard, looking excited!
Looking at Hu Pazzi’s excited look, Chen Ping said with a puzzled expression, “Master Hu, where do you like that woman?”
“Legs ……” Hu Puzi replied without hesitation, “Long, thin and white ……”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while and could only say, “Let’s go to the Heavenly Rune Sect ruins first and wait for a couple of days ……”