“Chen Ping …… Chen Ping …………”
The three girls, Gu Ling’er and the others, all shouted in excitement.
Looking at the Chen Ping in front of them, they couldn’t believe their eyes a little!
Especially Gu Ling’er, her voice was hoarse and her body was trembling.
And once the two Ning family members heard that the other party was Chen Ping, their faces turned ugly to the extreme!
“You …… you are Chen Ping? Aren’t you already dead?”
One of the Ning family members asked with a trembling voice.
“Yes, I’m dead, but I’ve come back to life!”
Chen Ping had a faint smile on his face as he slowly approached forward!
“You …… you don’t come over, or I’ll treat them badly!”
The two Ning family members hurriedly took control of Gu Ling’er and the girls, wanting to use Gu Ling’er and the three of them, to blackmail Chen Ping.
However, Chen Ping did not stop in his steps, still walking forward.
“Let the three of them go and I will spare your lives, but if you dare to touch a hair on their heads, I will make your lives worse than death!”
Chen Ping’s voice was indifferent and calm, but every word was like a heavy hammer, fiercely striking the hearts of those two Ning family members!
“Don’t come over, I told you not to come over ……”
One of the Ning family members panicked, his body trembling terribly.
A Martial Sect and yet he was scared to this extent!
“Do you take my words as a deaf ear? I told you to let the three of them go ……”
Chen Ping’s face gloomed as endless killing intent instantly filled the air!
A breeze blew by, sweeping Chen Ping to exude killing intent, blowing towards the two Ning family members.
The two Ning family members shivered, only to feel as if their entire bodies had fallen into a cave of ice!
“Let them go ……”
Suddenly, Chen Ping let out a thunderous roar.
The two Ning family members shook violently, and immediately afterwards, they let go of their hands and fell to the ground with a poof.
The three of them, Gu Ling’er, hurriedly ran towards Chen Ping and hid behind him.
“Don’t kill us, we are also following orders ……”
The two Ning family members began to beg for mercy!
The two martial sect experts were like grandsons at this moment, begging to Chen Ping.
Without making a move, the majestic pressure on Chen Ping’s body caused the two men to throw away all their dignity!
“I have said that I will let you go if you release the men ……”
“Now you can get lost, go back and tell Ning Dahai that I will personally visit his door tomorrow to seek revenge!”
Chen Ping said coldly.
Upon hearing this, the two Ning family members turned their heads in fear and ran, not daring to hesitate for a moment!
“Chen Ping …………”
After the two Ning family members ran away, Gu Ling’er jumped head first into Chen Ping’s arms.
Tears couldn’t stop flowing out of her eyes.
Looking at Chen Ping hugging Gu Ling’er, Xiaolan had an indescribable feeling in her heart.
She also wanted to lean on Chen Ping’s words, and she also wanted to have something to lean on herself.
Only she couldn’t, her energy from childhood had made her much stronger than other girls.
“Why are you crying, I’m not fine!”
Chen Ping gently comforted Gu Ling’er.
“I thought you were really dead, I don’t want to live either, I want to accompany you ……”
Gu Ling’er said as she cried.
“I don’t die that easily, I haven’t tasted a great beauty yet, how can I die ……”
Chen Ping said jokingly.
When Gu Ling’er heard this, her face instantly turned red and she lightly hammered Chen Ping: “What nonsense, it’s still in front of people ……”
“Alright, you two should stop flirting, let’s hurry back or else Uncle Long will be worried.”
At this time, Wu Mei’er couldn’t look at it anymore and spoke up.
“Uncle Long is here too?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, after all, Long Wu had no kung fu at all now, he was just an ordinary person, it would be very dangerous if he came to the capital.
If the people of the Dragon Family found out about Long Wu, then he would definitely be taken away and tortured.