“Mr. Chen, spare your life, spare your life …………”
At this point, Tong Ocean knelt down with a poof, begging Chen Ping to spare his life!
Now that Chen Ping’s strength was higher than even Qu Yunchang’s, none of them would want to live!
They had to know that they had been chasing Chen Ping all the way to kill him, and Chen Ping would not spare them easily!
“Mr. Chen spare your life, it was all that Leng Wu Dao’s idea ……”
Everyone knelt on the ground!
Even that Yao Qing and Bao Yukun were bowing their heads, begging for Chen Ping’s forgiveness!
Chen Ping looked at all these people from the Hidden Realm in front of him, and actually didn’t want to kill them all!
But Yao Qing and Bao Yu Kun should never be left behind!
Yao Qing had led his men to destroy almost the entire Pure Yang Sect.
If it wasn’t for Qu Yunchang, Liu Rui’s innocent body would have been taken over by this old man, Bao Yukun!
“All get up, I can not kill you and spare you ……”
Chen Ping slowly opened his mouth and said.
When everyone heard this, they were overjoyed and thanked each other, and that Tong Ocean was even full of flattery and said “Thank you, Mr. Chen, for not killing us, we are willing to follow Mr. Chen and serve as dogs and horses!”
“I can not kill you, but you must do one thing for me ……”
Chen Ping said.
“Please say it, Mr. Chen, as long as we can do it, let alone one thing, even if it’s ten things, we won’t hesitate.”
Tong Ocean hurriedly said.
“You guys give me the Pill Refining Sect and the Burning Heaven Sect to exterminate, kill Yao Qing and Bao Yu Kun, and I can let the rest go ……”
Chen Ping stated his conditions!
When Tong Ocean heard this, he immediately nodded his head and said “Don’t worry Mr. Chen, these two guys are not good people in the first place, we will do it now.”
The moment Bao Yu Kun and Yao Qing heard this, their legs trembled in fear and they hurriedly kowtowed and begged for mercy “Mr. Chen, please let us go, let us go ……”
But Chen Ping’s face was cold and expressionless, and when Tong Ocean saw this, he said to the Hidden Realm people, “Let’s all join forces and kill these two guys, then Mr. Chen will forgive us, let’s do it ……”
After saying that, Tong Ocean was the first to attack towards Yao Qing and Bao Yu Kun!
The others, seeing this, also rushed up, at this time they were all doing their best, no one dared to let Yao Qing and Bao Yu Kun go!
Seeing this, Bao Yu Kun and Yao Qing could only lead their disciples to fight to the death!
Chen Ping, with Yue Buqun and Qu Yunchang, watched quietly as the two sides fought!
Under the crowd’s siege, the Pill Refining Sect and the Burning Heaven Sect were soon destroyed, while Yao Qing and Bao Yu Kun were also chopped into pieces!
With Yao Qing and Bao Yukun dead, the Pure Yang Sect’s revenge was avenged!
“Patriarch Yue, from now on, the entire Hidden Realm and this secret realm will be left to Patriarch Yue to take care of, I will let Old Qu stay behind to help you, and I hope Patriarch Yue will revive the Pure Yang Sect.”
Chen Ping said as he looked towards Yue Buqun!
With Qu Yunchang helping Yue Buqun, Chen Ping knew that the rest of the Hidden Realm would definitely not dare to think otherwise.
“Mr. Chen, where do you plan to go then? There are plenty of resources here, won’t you cultivate here for a longer period of time?”
Yue Buqun could see that Chen Ping was leaving and asked.
“I have other matters to attend to, I can’t stay here for long, I’ll see you then when we are destined to meet again ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“That’s good, if Mr. Chen can use me in any way, just ask!”
Yue Buqun said.
Chen Ping’s nodded, and after giving a few words of explanation to Qu Yunchang, his body leapt and transformed into a stream of light, instantly rushing from that valley, straight to the ground of the secret realm!
Then leaving from the secret realm, Chen Ping went straight to Kyoto, he had to go and see how Su Yuqi and the girls were doing trapped in the secret realm of the Questioning Dao Sect.