The Burning Heaven Sect!
Yao Qing had also been monitoring the meetings of the three sects and six factions of the entire Hidden Realm from the shadows for several days.
At this moment, Yao Qing was very happy because he knew that the three sects of the Hidden World were already at odds with each other and might clash one day.
As long as the three sects and the six factions were in disarray, it would be the time for the Burning Heaven Sect to reappear in the world.
Maybe the whole Hidden World will be controlled by the Burning Heaven Sect!
Just when Yao Qing was happy, the Grand Protector returned with his injured body in tow, but at this time, the aura on the Grand Protector’s body had long since reached the peak of the Ninth Grade Martial God.
This kind of realm that relied on absorbing other people’s strength to ascend was very unstable, and after the Grand Protector was injured, his breath was disordered and his realm began to drop, and at this moment, he had only just ascended to the ninth rank realm!
“Grand Protector, what’s going on?”
Yao Qing said with a slight frown after seeing the Grand Protector.
“Sect Master, I found the Water Immortal Palace relics and also found the Tong Ling fruit, only for a brat to get the jump on me and snatch it all away.” One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
The Great Protector said with a face full of shame.
“What?” Yao Qing was stunned, “This aura of a ninth grade Martial God on you, you must have used an evil technique and absorbed the strength of others, could it be that at this realm, you still can’t beat others?”
“In the entire Hidden Realm, apart from those old things meeting, who else can be your opponent?”
Yao Qing couldn’t believe it, all the major sect masters of those three sects and six factions were meeting, what on earth could still make the Grand Elder so wretched!
“It was a kid called Chen Ping, said to be a martial artist from outside the realm, when that little girl from the Pure Yang Sect followed him!”
The Grand Protector followed Yao Qing and said.
“Chen Ping?” Yao Qing pondered carefully, and suddenly recalled the youth who followed Bao Yu Kun in his pill refinement!
“Could it be that kid? That’s impossible, his strength hasn’t even reached Martial God, how could he be your opponent?”
Yao Qing felt a little incredulous!
“That kid has swallowed the Tong Ling fruit and his strength has skyrocketed to a Third Grade Martial God, I’m no longer his opponent, if I hadn’t used a spatial technique, I’m afraid I’d be dead by now!”
The Grand Protector still had palpitations when he remembered the scene of the battle with Chen Ping!
“This fellow, so bullish in pill refining, I didn’t expect to be able to fight beyond his level!”
Yao Qing’s eyes faintly stared, “Alright, go and recuperate, I’ll take care of the rest ……”
The Grand Protector nodded and was about to turn his head to leave, but suddenly stopped and then said to Yao Qing, “Sect Master, I killed Leng Yun, the Grand Duke of the Flying Star Sect, and Tong Youcai, the Second Duke of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, and at that time, I had to do so in order to improve my strength!”
Upon hearing this, Yao Qing’s head got a little bigger and he angrily looked at the Grand Protector, “You thing, isn’t this putting our Burning Heaven Sect to death?”
Although the Burning Heaven Sect was now strong, if it caused the strangulation of many sects, it would be difficult for them to resist.
“Sect Master, apart from that Chen Ping and the little girl from the Pure Yang Sect, no one knows that I killed these two people.”
“On my way back from escaping, I had already heard that the Flying Star Sect and the Heavenly Thunder Sect had already sent their men to hunt down that Chen Ping!”
The Grand Protector said.
“Alright, I know, you go and rest!”
Yao Qing waved his hand and gestured for the Grand Protector to go and rest!
Right after the Grand Protector left, Yao Qing then immediately began to gather his men.
A martial artist from outside the realm, at the realm of a Third Grade Martial God, could actually defeat a Ninth Grade Martial God, a person with such talent, he had never seen before.
So Yao Qing was going to plan to personally step in and then capture Chen Ping to see what was so special about Chen Ping!
“If this kid is not a flesh mortal, then this old shell of mine can be replaced.”
Yao Qing took a glance at his aging body and a cold smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.