Gao Qiang didn’t know that he was too right in guessing that Chen Ping had just eaten the Heavenly Lightning Fruit straight away, not absorbing and refining it a little!
“I wonder, with the help of this Heavenly Thunder Fruit, can I open my own Origin Space?”
After Chen Ping knew about the Origin Breath, he wanted to have his own Origin Space so that he could sense the Origin Breath then!
Only that Chen Ping was only at the Combined Body realm, so I was afraid that it would not be that easy for him to sense the origin space!
Cultivators at the Transition Realm who were able to perceive origin space were rare and gifted!
If Chen Ping could perceive Origin Space at the Harmony Realm, then I’m afraid he would be a genius among geniuses!
Chen Ping sank his heart down and sensed the lightning possessed by the Heavenly Thunder Fruit within his body, if he could sense the Dao Origin Space it would be best!
If you can’t perceive it, then you can continue to absorb the training, there’s no delay!
But Chen Ping sank his heart into the sea of consciousness, looking at the Da Luo Golden Canon in the sea of consciousness, hoping that the Da Luo Golden Canon would suddenly activate once more, allowing him to perceive the Origin Space!
But no matter how hard Chen Ping tried, he could not feel it, and the Da Luo Golden Canon did not start up either!
“Maybe my cultivation level is too low to be able to perceive it ……”
Seeing that there was no way to sense it, Chen Ping could only start cultivating to break through to the third rank of the Harmonious Body Realm and see if he could reach the fourth rank of the Harmonious Body Realm!
Strands of thunder and lightning power were constantly being refined by Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique!
As Chen Ping continued to refine the thunder and lightning power from the Heavenly Thunder Fruit, in the mid-air of the courtyard, in addition to the thunder and lightning roaring, a cloud began to rapidly condense!
In an instant, the clouds were dense and the sound of thunder and lightning resounded incessantly, shaking the entire Gao Clan as it seemed to shake, while within the clouds, an arc of lightning weaved in and out of them, as if something was brewing!
“What’s going on here? Is there a devil cultivator sneaking in?”
“It’s terrifying, there can’t really be a demon race, can there?”
“It’s a thunderstorm, someone’s about to break through ……”
“Who? Who is breaking through that will have this kind of thunderstorm image? Could it be the family head?”
The people of the Gao family all said with faces full of shock!
And Gao Qisheng was in a bad mood after being told off by Gao Qiang, so he was in his courtyard, drinking away his sorrows every day!
But when he saw the terrifying thundercloud above the Gao family, he was also filled with shock!
“Big brother, could it be that big brother is about to break through?”
Gao Qisheng didn’t know, who was about to break through, that there would be such a terrifying thundercloud!
Gao Qisheng hurriedly ran towards Gao Qiqiang’s courtyard, if it was Gao Qiqiang breaking through, it would be a great joy, Gao Qiqiang hadn’t broken through in many years!
“Brother, is it my brother who is making a breakthrough ……”
Gao Qisheng ran to Gao Qiang’s courtyard and shouted with a face of excitement!
But just after shouting twice, he saw Gao Qiqiang walking out from inside his room!
When he saw that Gao Q Qiang had not made a breakthrough, Gao Qisheng was instantly frozen “Brother, who in our Gao family is making a breakthrough? What’s all the commotion?”
Gao Q Qiang took a glance at the thundercloud and slowly spoke “It’s Mr. Chen who is making a breakthrough ……”
“Mr. Chen? What level is this guy at? Is he breaking through the Harmonious Body realm and reaching the Transmigration realm?”
Gao Qisheng asked in disbelief!
Gao Qisheng shook his head “He is only in the third rank realm of the Combination Realm, he should be breaking through to the fourth rank now …………”
“What?”
Gao Qisheng instantly froze, his face full of unbelievable “Impossible, how can this kind of thundercloud appear when the third grade of the Combined Body realm breaks through to the fourth grade, it is simply impossible ……”
Gao Qisheng could not, a small realm breakthrough, make such a big commotion!
“Hmph, believe it or not, it’s you who can’t do it, so don’t think that others are like you.”
“Don’t think I don’t know that you drink all day and don’t cultivate ……”
Gao Qiqiang looked at Gao Qisheng angrily and said!
When Gao Qisheng saw this, he left in fear and slunk away!