When the others saw this, they all trembled in fear, not daring to breathe!
Zhu Zhishan hurriedly climbed up and bowed his head in front of Mr. Shi, not even daring to let out a fart!
“All of you, slap your mouths ten times as a punishment, if you dare to confront the official, you will be killed without amnesty ……”
After the words “kill without amnesty” came out of Mr. Shi’s mouth, all those people from the clans and families almost P*ssed themselves in fear!
No one dared to hesitate, they all started slapping their own mouths, one harder than the other, one louder than the other!
And Zhu Zhishan’s body was shaking like a sieve.
During this period of time, no matter what the Wudao Alliance did, it seemed that no official had ever stepped in to stop it, not even Mr Shi had shown up!
This also caused Zhu Zhishan to have the illusion that the current strength of the Wudao Alliance was such that even Mr. Shi was beginning to be afraid of it!
But at this moment, Zhu Zhishan realised that in Mr Shi’s eyes, they were nothing!
When he finished slapping his mouth, Mr. Shi said coldly, “Get lost, and as for Chen Ping’s matter, you will deal with it yourselves ……”
Zhu Zhishan nodded repeatedly and led his men to leave in a hurry!
After Zhu Zhishan led his men away, Xing Jun looked at Mr. Shi with confusion, “Mr. Shi, if you say that, won’t you be putting Chen Ping in danger? Those guys from the Martial Alliance will definitely find a way to kill Chen Ping.”
The corner of Mr. Shi’s mouth lifted, “This fellow Chen Ping’s strength is beyond my imagination, it seems that the more pressure he is under, the faster his strength grows, so it’s time to put pressure on him ……”
Xing Jun did not understand what Mr. Shi meant by that, but Mr. Shi was doing something that Xing Jun was not qualified to ask about.
…………
Zhu Zhishan, who had walked out of the Dharma Protector Pavilion, was currently slapping his chest and panting continuously!
“I almost lost my life just now, if this happens again, I won’t come ……”
The other clans and families were wiping the cold sweat off their foreheads.
And the other people from those clans and families, all with angry faces, were pointing accusing fingers at Zhu Zhishan!
Originally, they had shouted at them to come over, just to slightly cheer them on, and Zhu Zhishan had sworn to guarantee that there was no problem.
But now they had all become pig-headed, and were going to be laughed at when they returned!
Back to the Martial Union!
Ning Zhi turned to Zhu Zhishan and asked, “Alliance Master, has Mr Shi made any statement?”
“There’s no such thing as a statement, any more pressure on the officials, you guys go ahead and do it, I almost didn’t die in the Protector’s Pavilion ……”
Zhu Zhishan didn’t have the good grace to yell!
Ning Zhi saw Zhu Zhishan’s attitude and actually laughed, it looked like he had guessed this outcome a long time ago!
“Did Mr. Shi say to let us in the Martial Alliance look after it ourselves?”
Ning Zhi asked.
Zhu Zhishan froze, “How did you know that?”
“I guessed!” The corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted, “If Mr Shi wanted to take charge, there’s no way he would have watched the Kyoto martial arts world turn into a mess, it looks like Mr Shi is just waiting, waiting to rebuild the order of the entire martial arts world when it’s at its most chaotic ……”
“sh*t, you know that, and you still let me go to Mr. Shi, you’re saving it, right? I almost didn’t get slapped to death by Mr. Shi ……”
As soon as Zhu Zhishan heard this, he roared angrily after Ning Zhi in no good mood!
However, he was only roaring, but he did not dare to really do anything to Ning Zhi, who had more real power in the Martial Dao Alliance than he did as the Alliance Master.
Ning Zhi looked at Zhu Zhishan’s furious look and smiled faintly, “Go and prepare to kill that Chen Ping, if you miss this time, the Mighty will not let you go ……”
After hearing the great power, Zhu Zhishan’s body trembled and his face became grave, he hurriedly walked out of the Martial Dao Alliance and went to the martial arts arena to make arrangements, he had to make sure that nothing was wrong.
After Zhu Zhishan had left, Ning Zhi sneered, “What a pig, to be able to sit in the position of Alliance Master like that!”
Ning Zhi returned to the backyard and went to continue his training.