Only, he did not want Ge Jiayi to underestimate himself.
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, followed by bending down and picking Sun Peng up.
“Now that you’re up, you can get me ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Sun Peng’s heart was furious, he was just pretending to be a p*ssy, but this Chen Ping really let him get up.
But the matter has come to this, this p*ssy can only continue to pretend.
Sun Peng lifted his left arm and swung a hook towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping grabbed Sun Peng’s wrist and with a gentle force, he broke Sun Peng’s left arm.
Then, Chen Ping slapped Sun Peng’s face!
Sun Peng’s face instantly swelled up, and several teeth flew out.
Sun Peng’s face turned red as he roared, “Chen Ping, you f*cking ……”
SMACK!
Before Sun Peng could finish his sentence, another slap from Chen Ping pa*sed.
Immediately afterwards there was a slapping sound, Sun Peng was like a dead dog, being carried and beaten by Chen Ping!
This scene caused many people to sigh!
“Using me as a stepping stone on your dog-licking path is the worst choice you’ve made in your life ……”
“Go to hell ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he fiercely slapped his palm towards Sun Peng’s head.
Seeing this, Ge Jiayi at the side waved her hand violently, a strong qi came and instantly stopped Chen Ping’s palm!
Chen Ping let go and Sun Peng lay on the ground like a dead dog!
But there was surprisingly excitement in his eyes because he saw that Ge Jiayi had stepped in to save him.
It must have been because she had him in her heart that she had stepped in to save him.
Now Sun Peng felt that the beating he had received was so worth it.
“He has already been taught this by you, so why did you have to step in and kill someone ……”
Ge Jiayi said to Chen Ping.
“Just now he struck out at me and used a killing move too, if I couldn’t dodge it, I would have been the one to die, why didn’t you stop it?”
“Now jumping out to be this good guy? Don’t you think it’s ridiculous?”
“I still say, people don’t offend me, I won’t offend them, if they offend me, I will kill them ……”
“I have no enmity with him, yet he killed me, so he deserves to die!”
“If you stand in the way, I don’t mind killing you along with me ……”
Chen Ping’s face was cold, and the killing intent on his body was rising!
“You …………”
Ge Jiayi did not expect Chen Ping to speak to her like this, and her face turned red with anger!
Everyone else was also surprised, not expecting Chen Ping to dare to speak after Ge Jiayi like this.
Chen Ping gave a fierce kick towards that Sun Peng.
Sun Peng’s head was instantly kicked out like a watermelon, and he didn’t even have time to call for help at last!
Looking at the tragic death of Sun Peng, Ge Jiayi’s face was unspeakably ugly.
When the others saw this, they all had a chill in their hearts, and many of their thoughts of striking out at Chen Ping and taking advantage of his fame to rise to the top were all withdrawn at this moment.
Sun Peng had never thought to his dying day that he would end up licking his life away by being a licking dog!
“Who is so bold as to make trouble and kill at a trial ceremony held by my Long Family?”
At this moment, a cold and eerie voice came from afar, followed by the sight of a human figure, slowly descending from mid-air from afar to near.
The person who came was no other than the youngest master of the Long Family, Long Xiao!
With the arrival of Long Xiao, Long Jingguo also arrived with some of the elites of the Long Family.
When they saw that the Long family had arrived, the crowd flinched out of position, and then all wanted to see how the Long family would handle this matter.
After all, Long Xiao had a grudge against Chen Ping, and it was possible that a fight would break out on the spot.
Long Xiao glanced at the tragically dead Sun Peng, and then looked grimly at Chen Ping: “Chen Ping, you are too disrespectful to my Long Family by openly killing people at the trial ceremony held by my Long Family, even if Mr. Shi backs you up, you can’t kill people indiscriminately ……”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao, his eyes faintly stared, his eyes shining with light, as if he wanted to see Long Xiao through!
Long Xiao felt Chen Ping’s eyes and surprisingly looked a little nervous.