And at this moment, underneath that cold tide, a point of light was growing larger and larger, and then rushed out of the cold tide!
Chen Ping’s body erupted with fierce to fire, and the temperature around him continued to rise under the to fire!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping fiercely slammed his fist out, the wind of his fist carrying the fiery flames, whistling towards that Munaiyi!
Rumble!
Surprisingly, the fist awns carried the fiery flames as if it was a meteor shower, smashing towards that Mu Naiyi!
Mu Naiyi, on the other hand, let out a cold snort and raised her hands, and the cold tide under her feet instantly rose up to the sky, forming a huge shield in front of Mu Naiyi!
And on top of this huge shield, there was this one vortex that seemed to be devouring everything!
Chen Ping’s fist aura was actually sucked in by all these whirlpools!
Immediately after that, the fist mangoes mixed with the flames were frozen in the cold tide, and a huge block of ice fell from that cold tide!
But just as this huge block of ice landed, it suddenly shifted direction and smashed towards Chen Ping from the bottom up!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly swung both of his fists and smashed his fists on top of those ice blocks!
The ice shattered, but those pieces were like cannonballs, still coming towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping then struck out a Supreme Flame again, causing those ice blocks to pass through the flames and instantly evaporate!
But just as Chen Ping relaxed a little, he only felt a dangerous aura coming from above his head!
Chen Ping was alerted and violently retreated backwards!
Mu Naiyi looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile and said, “It’s too late……”
In the next moment, a huge block of ice suddenly appeared above Chen Ping’s head, as if it had suddenly fallen from the void!
Chen Ping was already too late to escape, and was directly smashed by that huge block of ice!
The body fell directly to the ground!
The ice also fell with a bang, smashing out a huge deep pit!
Chen Ping’s body was directly embedded in the ice!
Mu Naiyi, on the other hand, had her hands against that huge ice block, and a cold mist, still surging towards the ice block!
“Mr Chen …………”
Seeing this scene, Bing Lu and the others were all shocked!
And that Mu Yao finally let out a smile and heaved a sigh of relief!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others, seeing this scene, continuously shook their heads!
“After all, the difference in strength is too great, how can the fourth grade of the Transition Realm follow the peak of the Transition Realm than.”
“Ai, if in time, I believe that he will definitely be able to become a renowned genius in the Celestial Realm, but alas, alas ……”
Ouyang Zhenhua’s face was filled with regret!
Chen Ping had good natural talent, and was also very intelligent, and only needed time to become the top of the Celestial Realm!
Unfortunately, they were now exterminated!
Chen Ping was frozen in a huge block of ice, as if he had lost his life, not moving a muscle!
Mu Naiyi was not careless, but was still emitting gusts of cold mist from his hands!
This fellow, Chen Ping, made Mu Naiyi not dare to relax either!
Just as Mu Naiyi was icing Chen Ping, no one noticed that from within Chen Ping’s body, there was an equally unsearchable aura that was spreading out!
The aura came from within, causing the huge ice block to turn milky white!
Mu Naiyi looked at the ice that gradually changed in front of her, although she was puzzled, she did not let go!
She had to kill Chen Ping with a single strike, and could not let Chen Ping have any hope of staying alive!
Mu Naiyi was still erupting with cold mist!
But soon, she suddenly felt some discomfort in her hands!
Originally, she who had cultivated the Ice System Technique, it was impossible for her to gap to the cold!
But now, Mu Nai Yi always felt as if her hands were going to freeze!
“Could it be that I exploded my power too quickly?”
Mu Naiyi was flabbergasted!
It was because she had never experienced this situation before, and this was the first time!
Just as Mu Nai Yi was confused, she unexpectedly found that her hands began to form frost, and this frost was spreading so fast that her entire arm was about to be frozen!