Seeing that Elder Yu and the others had arrived, Huo Yuan Ting didn’t panic in the slightest, but instead smiled coldly and said, “Just with you guys you want to stop me from getting the Divine Flame Seal, don’t be delusional.”
“Huo Dong, bring someone to stop them, Elder Gu help me set up a spell formation, don’t let them disturb me from recognising the Divine Flame Seal!”
Huo Yuanting ordered loudly!
Huo Dong, on the other hand, led the many disciples of their lineage and charged directly towards Elder Yu and the others!
The melee instantly erupted while Gu Tianzhao pinched his fingers and a formation pattern appeared around Huo Yuanting, directly enveloping Huo Yuanting and that Divine Flame Seal!
“Elder Yu, we mustn’t let Huo Yuanting get the Divine Flame Seal, stop him ……”
Zhu Ling swung the longsword in her hand and said loudly!
Elder Yu nodded and his entire body transformed into a flaming meteor, directly crashing towards Huo Yuanting!
It looked like Elder Yu was planning to follow Huo Yuan Ting to his death, and not let him get the Divine Flame Seal!
Boom!
But with a loud bang, Elder Yu’s body was instantly bounced off by the spell formation!
There was no way for Elder Yu to break through the spell formation laid down by Gu Tianzhao!
Right now, none of them knew the art of formations, so they could only forcefully break the formation, but Gu Tianzhao, as an Elder of the Two Yi Sect, how could the spell formation he had laid be broken so easily?
Seeing that Elder Yu was unable to break the formation despite his best efforts, Huo Yuan Ting laughed out loud and then approached the Divine Flame Seal unhurriedly.
Along with a drop of essence blood falling onto that divine Flame Seal, the divine Flame Seal emitted a blood-red glow!
Seeing this, Huo Yuan Ting reached out and took the Divine Flame Seal in his hand!
“Hahahaha, this is the Divine Fire Seal, this is the Divine Fire Seal ……”
Huo Yuanting laughed madly!
Seeing Huo Yuanting get the Divine Flame Seal, no matter if it was Elder Yu or Zhu Ling, or Wei Qing and the others, all of them instantly changed their faces drastically!
If Huo Yuan Ting got the Divine Flame Seal and recognised it as his, then this Violet Flame Sect’s master would be his completely!
“The Divine Flame Seal is in my hand, you and the other Purple Flame Sect disciples listen to my orders. ……”
Huo Yuan Ting held the Divine Flame Seal in his hand and shouted with an excited face!
Seeing this, Huo Dong hurriedly led the disciples of their lineage to kneel down one after another!
As for Elder Yu, they all looked on in a daze, somewhat at a loss for words!
“What? You guys don’t listen to orders, are you trying to rebel?”
Huo Yuan Ting coldly looks at Elder Yu and the others and asks!
“Hmph, who knows if this Divine Flame Seal is real or fake ……”
Elder Yu snorted coldly, then raised his hand to strike a storm of flames that filled the sky!
Now he could only delay by doubting the authenticity of the Divine Flame Seal!
“Bold, you dare to strike at the Sect Master, according to the rules of the Sect, you shall be beheaded ……”
Seeing this, an elder from Huo Yuan Ting’s lineage shouted and was about to stop Elder Yu!
“Don’t worry about him, I’ll let him see if this Divine Flame Seal is real or fake ……”
Huo Yuan Ting said with a cold smile!
Only to see Elder Yu striking out a roiling flame, countless flames forming a fire dragon scroll towards Huo Yuan Ting!
When Zhu Ling saw this, she knew that Elder Yu was no match for Huo Yuan Ting, so she followed suit and slapped out a palm!
With this palm, flames also rose, and a large bird burning with flames rose into the air, heading straight towards Huo Yuan Ting!
The two joined forces to launch an attack on Huo Yuan Ting!
Only the corners of Huo Yuan Ting’s mouth lifted slightly, pressing down without a hint of panic, instead raising the Divine Flame Seal in his hand!
The Divine Flame Seal suddenly emitted ten thousand flames, and the flames attacked by Elder Yu and Zhu Ling all instantly dissipated in front of the Divine Flame Seal, causing no harm to Huo Yuan Ting at all!
Seeing this scene, Elder Yu and Zhu Ling all looked very surprised!
However, the two of them struck out again, and a single Dao of supreme fire continued to head towards Huo Yuanting!
Unfortunately, these attacks all disappeared in front of the Divine Flame Seal.
Elder Yu and Zhu Ling’s breaths were all in disarray, and their foreheads were covered in cold sweat!