“Chen Ping?”
Tong Youcai’s eyes were directly attracted by Chen Ping!
After all, Tong Youzhu had a deep hatred for Chen Ping, so when he saw Chen Ping suddenly appear, Tong Youcai rushed over to him!
Even Chen Ping did not expect to see Tong Youcai here!
But as Tong Youcai rushed towards him, Chen Ping had already prepared himself.
But before Chen Ping could strike, he found a white shadow flashed in front of him, and then he collided with Tong Youzhu!
Boom! …………
Tong Youzui’s body retreated several steps before he was able to stabilise himself!
“Second young master, are you alright?”
Several Tian Lei Sect disciples hurriedly asked.
Tong Youcai shook his head and then looked at Leng Yun who was colliding with him and said, “Leng Yun, what do you want to do?”
Leng Yun ignored him, but turned his head and asked Chen Ping with concern, “Are you alright, handsome Chen?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping said nothing, but took a few steps backwards to close the gap between him and Leng Yun!
It’s really disgusting …………
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re getting into.
“Tong Youcai, what’s the problem that you have to start now?”
“You’re trapped in this formation, and you’re still in the mood to fight and kill?”
“Think about how to get out first, I think you are trapped here for quite a long time, you still haven’t got out yet, isn’t it a shame?”
Leng Yun said disdainfully to Tong You He.
“This is an ancient formation, our masters are already cracking it, it will be done soon!”
Tong Youcai said.
When Leng Yun heard this, he laughed and said, “How dare you call yourselves masters of martial arts? To break this broken formation, it is only a matter of a wave of the hand!”
When Tong Youcai was mocked by Leng Yun, he didn’t have a retort because he knew that the young master of the Flying Star Sect was indeed a martial arts genius!
Not only had his strength reached the level of a fourth-grade Martial God, but his skill in martial arts was even better than others!
Leng Yun moved his Orchid Finger and saw a red light darting around, followed by a wave of his hand!
With a wave of his hand, the formation in front of him disappeared in a flash!
The magnificent hall was once again exposed to everyone’s eyes!
Seeing this scene, a look of shock flashed across Tong Youcai’s eyes.
On the other hand, the masters of the Heavenly Thunder Sect were filled with embarra*sment and bowed their heads in silence!
“Mr. Chen, you don’t look like this Leng Yun is a sissy, but this technique is still very clever, it’s a martial arts genius.”
Liu Rui whispered in Chen Ping’s ear.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly and he smiled disdainfully, not saying anything!
Although this Leng Yun’s magic was indeed quite good, it was not considered brilliant, and even less so for a genius.
The reason why this Leng Yun’s technique was so easily broken was because the previous masters of the Heavenly Thunder Sect had almost broken it!
“We can go in now, but you have to stay close to me, I believe there are many more powerful spells waiting inside!
“If anyone gets separated later and is a*sa*sinated by the formation mechanism, don’t blame me for not caring about you!”
Leng Yun said, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Chen, come with me, no one will dare to do anything to you!”
The group walked towards the main hall, while Tong Youzui gave Chen Ping a cold look, “Hmph, I didn’t think you would sell your body in order to live, disgusting …………”
Chen Ping didn’t say much and didn’t care about Tong You Cai, he just wanted to see who the relics of this Water Fairy Palace were and what they had to do with the Regeneration Spring!
The rejuvenation spring has disappeared, and the bodies of Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu still need to be healed! -It’s time to find a way to heal the bodies of Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu.