But just as the two men were talking, several rays of light suddenly burst forth, followed by a sharp-blade like energy that came towards them!
Brush brush brush …………
Clang clang clang …………
The power of the qi, hitting Ge Yuhan’s body, was directly shattered, and Ge Yuhan’s body didn’t even leave a mark!
You know that even the Martial Saint weapon couldn’t help Ge Yuhan’s physical body, let alone these few powerful qi!
Chen Ping hid behind Ge Yuhan and was not hurt at all!
But Hu Pazzi was not so lucky, as the powerful qi from the talisman directly hit Hu Pazzi’s body, dripping blood.
“sh*t, how come there are still untriggered charms?”
Pocky Hu cursed!
Chen Ping looked at Pocky Hu’s appearance and actually laughed out loud!
“What are you laughing at?” Pocky Hu glared at Chen Ping!
But seeing that Chen Ping was hiding behind Ge Yuhan, not hurting at all, Hu Ma Zi also hastily dodged.
“Master Hu, don’t you say that hiding behind a woman is not considered a man?”
Chen Ping laughed.
“It’s not like I’m hiding behind a woman, this is a female corpse, it’s not called a woman ……”
Hu Ma Zi slyly argued.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but carefully walked forward!
Two big men, hiding behind Ge Yuhan, moved forward one step at a time!
Soon, a few people arrived at the gate of the ancient ruins of the Heavenly Rune Sect, and when they reached here, Chen Ping did not dare to continue forward.
“Master Hu, where is the Runic Art you mentioned? If you want me to go in, I’m not going to ……”
Chen Ping said to Pocky Hu.
“No need to go in, it’s just off to the side ……”
Hu Pazzi said and led Chen Ping and the others towards the side.
Soon, a huge boulder was seen on one side, and on top of the boulder were densely written symbols that Chen Ping could not see!
“What is this?” Chen Ping asked.
“This is the Runic Stone, and what is recorded on it is the Runic Art.”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping.
“sh*t, it’s right here on display, can’t you just memorise it yourself?”
Chen Ping was furious that he had tricked himself into coming here with the Runic Spell Technique right in front of him!
Hu Pazi looked at Chen Ping and suddenly laughed, “Do you think you can perform these talismanic spells just by memorizing them? That’s naive, isn’t everyone able to cast runic spells in that case?”
“Then what would it take to do so?” Chen Ping asked with an astonished expression.
“For a high level rune spell technique like this, you have to conquer the rune spirit to do it, it’s not something that can simply be memorised.”
Hu Ma Zi explained.
“Rune Spirit?” Chen Ping was full of confusion.
“In every high level Rune Spell Art, there is a Rune Spirit, in order to learn the Rune Spell Art, you must conquer the Rune Spirit to do so, understand?”
Hu Ma Zi could only explain once more as he was helpless.
“Then you go conquer yah ……,” said Chen Ping.
“Nonsense, if I could conquer, I would still need to call you to come!”
Hu Ma Zi was speechless for a while!
Chen Ping looked at Hu Pazzi somewhat lifelessly, “I conquered that talisman spirit, it is also me who learned the talisman technique, what does it have to do with you?”
“If you learn it, you can pa*s it on to me, so that I don’t have to conquer the rune spirit ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a bad smile on his face.
“You …………”
Chen Ping was actually speechless and finally sighed and said, “Fine, I’ll go conquer that talisman spirit ……”
“All you need to do is put your hand on that stone, I’m telling you, this is a set of incantation splitting spell, so don’t believe anything you see.”
Hu Ma Zi admonished Chen Ping.
“Okay, I know ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly reached out, touching the boulder!
Immediately afterwards, the symbols on the boulder began to emit light, and eventually the light wrapped Chen Ping up!
A white light flashed before Chen Ping’s eyes, and soon his whole body seemed to be in a trance!