Having seen Chen Ping’s true strength, Ouyang Zhenhua didn’t have any attitude at all even though he was a ninth grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition realm and still the head of the Ouyang family!
“You’re welcome, it’s just a show of hands!”
Chen Ping indifferently gave a single smile!
This show of hands had almost cost him his life!
“Fellow Daoist, I wonder why that beast tide suddenly left, and the demonic beast corpses all over the ground, why are they gone?”
Ouyang Zhenhua asked his question!
The other cultivators also pricked up their ears and listened, wanting to know what was going on.
Bing Lu and the girls also all wanted to know what exactly happened to Chen Ping just now in that cold mist.
“I’m not really sure, the beast tide suddenly retreated in a roar and took away the bodies of all their companions.”
Chen Ping could only lie, there was no way he could tell about the Heaven Swallowing Beast.
Even if he did, these people might not believe it.
Where could there be a divine beast that swallowed so many corpses of demonic beasts in a single bite, they had never seen it at all, all of them could not possibly believe it either.
In that case, Chen Ping might as well tell a lie to be more truthful.
Once Ouyang Zhenhua heard this, he nodded and said, “It seems that the roar just now, really came from the Beast King, it is just that I don’t know what the reason is, the Beast King recalled the tide of the beasts, and even took away the bodies of his companions, it seems that this Beast King has opened up his spirit.”
Everyone believed Chen Ping’s words, after all, only this explanation could make sense.
Otherwise, how could these countless demonic beast corpses have disappeared all at once.
Although the crowd was sorry, there was nothing they could do about the large amount of beast dan that had just disappeared.
“Fellow Daoist’s great kindness is not appreciated, farewell, we’re going to take a look at the mountain and see if we can find anything.”
“If you, Fellow Daoist, need any help, my Ouyang family will also be of great assistance.”
Ouyang Zhenhua said to Chen Ping!
He knew that Chen Ping had a history of following the Mu Family, or else the two parties wouldn’t have beaten each other with stones!
“Senior Ouyang, can I ask you a question?”
Just as Ouyang Zhenhua was about to leave, Chen Ping suddenly said.
“Fellow Daoist, please speak!”Ouyang Zhenhua stopped!
“Senior Ouyang, I see that just now when you were dealing with the beast tide, you used a puppet, I wonder if you purchased this puppet or refined it yourself?”
“I see that Senior Ouyang is also not a Demon Race, so he should not be able to refine a puppet, right?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
When dealing with the beast tide, Chen Ping had noticed that with a wave of Ouyang Zhenhua’s sleeve robe, several black dots appeared and then turned into a set of puppets that defied life and death to block the beast tide.
Therefore, Chen Ping was very curious, this Ouyang Zhenhua did not seem to be a demonic cultivator, and should not be able to refine corpses into puppets for the gong method.
After all, this kind of gong method, only devil cultivators would, after all, refining corpses into puppets was too cruel.
“Hahahaha, fellow Daoist still doesn’t know that the puppets in the world can be refined with more than just corpses.”
“It is also possible to build it with various materials, my puppet is not a corpse, although it looks humanoid, it was built.”
Ouyang Zhenhua laughed out loud!
“Robot?”Chen Ping instantly thought of robots.
“Robot? What are the robots that Fellow Daoist is talking about?”
Ouyang Zhenhua was filled with confusion!
Living in the Celestial Realm, of course Ouyang Zhenhua didn’t know what a robot was, but Chen Ping lived in the Secular Realm, and he knew that a robot, was just built with various materials, and then it was just a matter of installing batteries.
“Oh, nothing.”Chen Ping smiled and said, “Senior Ouyang this puppet, all built by yourself?”
“That’s for sure.”
Ouyang Zhenhua had a smug look on his face, and surprisingly, he suddenly threw out a black shadow from his sleeve.
Immediately after that, the black shadow suddenly grew larger and directly turned into a ten foot tall puppet dummy, this dummy was lifelike and very flexible, Ouyang Zhenhua manipulated the puppet man and slammed his fist out, a boulder instantly shattered!