“With the Undestructive Golden Body practiced to such an extent, no wonder so many people want to kill you.”
Zang Qing gazed at Chen Ping, “If you are allowed to develop, the martial arts world will probably have to be reshuffled!”
As Zang Qing finished speaking, a dazzling golden light began to flash from his chest, which followed Chen Ping, surprisingly!
Zang Qing’s entire body then also seemed to be enveloped in golden armour.
“Let’s see if my Holy Body Technique is powerful, or your Incorruptible Golden Body is powerful ……”
After Zang Qing finished speaking, his body began to emit endless might, and his rolling powerful Qi began to rise, and after a furious shout, he rose up into the sky.
Zang Qing’s body was like a launching rocket, tail flames sprouting behind him as he rushed towards Chen Ping at an extremely fast speed.
The speed was so fast that a cracking sound rang out in the sky, so loud that the others hurriedly covered their ears.
Chen Ping looked at Zang Qing who was rushing towards him, and his body plunged down so fast that he unexpectedly crashed towards Zang Qing as well.
The two were going to rely on their speed and strength, competing to see whose flesh was tougher.
Clang …………
A sound like metal colliding came out, and the whole mountain of rocks was instantly turned into powder by the sound waves emitted.
And Zang Qing’s entire head became dizzy, and his internal organs began to tumble.
Pieces of golden light fell from mid-air, with pieces of scales mixed in with the golden light!
But these golden lights and scales instantly disappeared after they fell to the ground!
“Come again ……”
Tibetan Qing shouted angrily and followed up by ruthlessly slamming into Chen Ping again.
Clang ……
Clang ……
The two turned into two golden streams of light, clashing and separating in mid-air, on a collision course ……
The others were all dumbfounded as they watched this scene.
They have never seen such a contest, this is not a fight, it is simply the most primitive ramming.
The more Xing Jun watched, the more frightened he was. He was considering, if he were himself at this moment, could he rely on his physical body alone to withstand such a punch from Zang Qing or Chen Ping?
In the end, the answer Xing Jun got was no.
With a charge like this, Xing Jun reckoned that he would not be able to hold out at all, and his fleshly body was not so indestructible.
Soon, the golden light on Zang Qing’s body dimmed and his face turned a little ugly as he panted heavily.
Such a collision was too physically exhausting.
“Chen Ping, at such a young age, you have such strength, you are really a genius, I can just use your power to help me leap to the Martial Marquis realm ……”
Tibetan Qing gasped for breath and looked at Chen Ping and said.
He wanted to defeat Chen Ping, and then absorb Chen Ping’s gong power to help him cultivate.
If he could absorb Chen Ping’s kung fu, it would be a hundred times stronger than absorbing the essence of an ordinary person.
“That is exactly what I intend to do, and a strength like yours is just right to help me cultivate ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zang Qing coldly.
Chen Ping had also had this intention for a long time, he wanted to suck all of Zang Qing’s cultivation and use it for his own purposes!
If it was just an ordinary Martial Sect, it would not be of much help to Chen Ping’s current cultivation level.
But for a half-step Martial Martial Lord like Zang Qing, that would not be of the same help.
“You can also suck up martial power?” Zang Qing looked at Chen Ping in amazement, “Could it be that you cultivate evil kung fu?”
“Humph, how could I be like you evil cultivators.”
Chen Ping coldly snorted in disdain, “You evil cultivators, in order to cultivate, have long since ceased to be human, you are even worse than animals.”
“Unbridled!”
Zang Qing was furious, “In this world, force reigns supreme, as long as my strength is high, who dares to say anything about me?”
Zang Qing waved his palms downwards, and the rubble and stones on the barren mountain actually flew up into mid-air one after another.
It was as if they had been sucked up directly by Zang Qing.
The rubble began to coalesce and wrap around, directly enveloping Tibetan Qing.
Soon, Zangqing was actually wrapped up into a stone man more than ten metres tall.
In this way, Chen Ping looked very insignificant under this stone man’s feet.