“Tang Dali, I know you have kung fu, but even if your kung fu is high, it’s still useless ……”
At that, that Ivan actually took out his gun, followed by those bikers all took out their guns!
A dozen guns were aimed at Tang Dali and the others, and the Daxia gang were all panicked!
If there was only one gun, he would have been able to dodge it easily.
But with so many guns pointed at them, Tang Dali could not dodge them.
Seeing that Tang Dali’s face had changed, Ivan sneered, “Tang Dali, even if your kung fu is high, you are not qualified to fight with us, now obediently hand over the man and give me a sum of money, and I will spare you.”
Ivan’s gun was already pointed at Tang Dali’s head!
Tang Dali’s face changed again and again, just now he had boasted that he would let Chen Ping come to him if he had any problems, now if he pushed Chen Ping out, then their Daxia gang would be too unjust, and being the same Daxia people, they wouldn’t be able to get along in the future!
“Ivan, I won’t hand over the man, shoot if you dare, I promise to let you die here …… while you shoot.”
Tang vigorously gritted his teeth, his eyes full of ruthlessness as he said.
Ivan sneered, “Since you kid are not afraid of death, then let’s make an end to it today ……”
At that, that Ivan actually wanted to pull the trigger.
But Tang Dali’s quick eyes and quick hands, just at the same time when that Ivan pulled the trigger, fiercely raised a foot, the speed is so fast that instantly kicked that Ivan’s gun away.
Seeing this, Ivan shouted, “Shoot …………”
Bang Bang Bang …………
In a flash, a dozen guns opened fire at the same time!
The faces of everyone in the Daxia Gang were filled with despair, even Tang Dali knew at this moment that death was coming!
He didn’t dodge and gave up resistance, so many guns, dodge or not, the end was the same.
But just as these men of the Daxia Gang were preparing to wait for their deaths, suddenly a golden light dazzled up behind them!
The golden light illuminated the entire compound, and the next thing these people saw was that the bullets that were shooting at them had all stopped in front of their eyes, as if they had touched something and were stopped!
Snap, snap …………
The bullets fell to the ground just a few centimeters away from everyone’s eyes!
All breaths froze, and a dead silence fell for a moment!
This was the closest they had ever come to death, watching a bullet fall in front of their eyes!
But no one understood what was happening here!
And that Ivan and those of the biker party were even more stunned, their eyes widening in disbelief one by one.
They didn’t understand what the golden light that had just burst up was, and why the bullet had suddenly stopped by itself and then dropped to the ground?
At this moment, only Tang Dali’s mouth was rounded and his face was full of shock.
It was because he had sensed a very large and terrifying aura, and it came from behind him!
It was this breath that had saved them all!
Those bullets had hit on top of the invisible barrier and that was why they stopped and fell to the ground!
Tang Dali turned his head and looked at Chen Ping in shock, while the golden light on Chen Ping’s body had only just receded!
Chen Ping smiled faintly at the shocked Tang Dali, then took a few steps forward and said, “It’s me you’re looking for, come at me if you can ……”
Seeing Chen Ping stand out, Ivan only snapped out of the shock he had just felt.
However, he did not know that what he had just done was all Chen Ping’s doing.
He only thought that the gods were protecting Tang Dali and the others!
“Kid, since you’ve stood up, you’ll be punished ……”
With that, Ivan grabbed a gun from a biker and aimed it at Chen Ping, but this time he followed Chen Ping and pulled away!
He knew that many of the Daxia people were highly skilled in martial arts, so by pulling away, Chen Ping would have no choice but to behave!