“Father, let’s go back ……”
Long Xiao listened and was also eager to meet this black robed man to see if this black robed man was that Fan Jiang or not.
“A few of you, take them away together, let’s quickly rush back ……”
Long Xiao pointed at Long Wu and the Four Villains, then said to those experts of the Long Family.
Soon, Long Wu and the four villains were controlled, and then brought together and headed towards the Long family.
But just before they had gone a short distance, they were stopped by a figure.
Long Xiao’s eyes stared and a grave look appeared on his face!
And those experts of the Long Family, after seeing the figure in front of them, all of their faces changed greatly.
They only saw that the figure in front of them, dressed in a black robe with a hat, was none other than the black-robed man who had broken into the Dragon Family.
“It’s him, he’s the one who broke into the Long Family ……”
At this moment, a Dragon Family expert pointed at Chen Ping and shouted.
Long Jingguo’s expression became tense, if the person in front of him was really Fan Jiang, then there would be some trouble.
“This friend, can you state your name and why are you blocking our way?”
Long Jingguo stepped forward and said to Chen Ping politely.
And Chen Ping looked at the Long family’s father and son in front of him, the anger in his eyes was burning brightly, and his killing aura rose up.
“Set them free ……”
Chen Ping kept Long Wu and the four villains, and coldly said to Long Jingguo.
Long Jingguo was stunned and did not understand what Chen Ping meant by this, so he asked, “Friend, these are my Long Family’s enemies, do you have anything to do with them?”
This time, Chen Ping did not speak, but his body suddenly flashed, only to see a human figure quickly weaving, and instantly arrived in front of Long Wu and the others.
And the two Dragon Family experts who had been escorting Long Wu and the Four Villains only felt a chill on their necks, followed by their heads being thrown up high, and the moment their heads were cut off, they could even see their bodies moving!
This sudden change of events caused Long Jingguo and Long Xiao to all be stunned on the spot, while Long Wu also looked at the black-robed man in front of him incredulously.
Although they were only newly promoted Martial Martial Marquis, they were still Martial Marquis, but they had been killed with a single slash, and two of them had their heads chopped off at the same time!
The four villains knew that the person in front of them was Chen Ping, and now the strength Chen Ping had displayed had shocked the four villains!
“Seeking death ……”
When Long Xiao saw that his opponent had decapitated two Long Family experts without a word, he became furious and wanted to make a move against Chen Ping.
However, he was stopped by Long Jingguo, and after giving a wink towards Long Xiao, Long Jingguo then forced down the anger in his heart and took a step forward, “This friend, who exactly are you? What kind of grudge do you have against my Long family? Why did you kill two of my Long Family’s experts right out of the gate?”
Long Jingguo did not know the other party’s identity now, so he could only hold back his anger and would not make a move easily.
Chen Ping slowly turned around and looked coldly at Long Jingguo: “I have a grudge against the Long Family that is not shared …………”
With that, Chen Ping slowly took off his hat!
“Chen Ping ……”
“Chen Ping ……”
After seeing that this black robed man was actually Chen Ping, Long Xiao and Long Jingguo surprisingly all shouted out in shock at the same time.
How could they not have expected that this black robed man who had caused such a furore in the martial arts world of Kyoto and wiped out more than a dozen sects and families would be Chen Ping?
Shouldn’t he have died long ago?
Why was he still alive?
Had he not died in the City of Ultimate Bliss?
Heavy questions kept popping up in the minds of both the father and son of the Long family.
And after Long Wu saw that Chen Ping was still alive, the entire person’s eyes burst into tears of excitement straight away.
“Chen Ping, you …… you are actually still alive, great, great ……”
Long Wu stepped forward and hugged Chen Ping tightly.
“Uncle Long, I’m alive, alive and well ……”
Chen Ping’s heart burst with emotion as he comforted Long Wu!