“High Priestess, what do we do? Should we go around here?”
Daniel said.
“I’m afraid there’s no getting around this mist, send one of you in to explore the way, don’t go in too deep ……”
The High Priestess said.
Daniel nodded, and then looked behind him at those of the Burning Heaven Divine Sect!
These people all had nervous faces, no one wanted to be this trailblazer and enter into this unknown mist!
“You, go in and scout ……”
Daniel pointed at a member of the congregation and said.
That religious man’s face turned instantly pale and trembled all over!
But since he was called, he didn’t dare to disobey!
He could only tremble and walk towards the mist!
The religious man walked very slowly, until he reached the edge of the mist and dared not take another step!
When the High Priest sensed that the religious had stopped, he frowned and with a flick of his palm, a breath arrived in an instant, pushing the religious into the mist!
Everyone looked nervously at the mist before them, and then waited in silence!
Finally, after ten minutes, the devotee spoke, “High Priestess, it’s alright, it’s safe, come in ……”
Hearing the cultist’s shout, so the people then breathed a sigh of relief, and then walked towards the mists!
But just as the crowd reached the edge of the mist, they heard a scream coming from inside!
The next thing they knew, the man who had gone in came running out, his whole body still burning with flames!
“Quick, put out the fire ……”
Daniel saw this and hastily commanded the men to put out the fire, but it was too late!
The religious man was instantly burnt to ashes!
The faces of the people changed greatly, and that high priest’s face was gloomy to the core!
“D*mn it ……”
The high priest cursed, then struck a breath on one of the worshippers!
“You go back in and see what’s going on in there?”
This time, the cultist carried a wisp of the High Priest’s breath with him, which would allow the High Priest to sense what was going on in the mists!
The religious man’s face was incomparable, but he did not dare to disobey the order, and went into the mist with a trembling body!
By now, Chen Ping and the others had already been travelling through the mist for some time!
“Chen Ping, I feel that this fog is very strange, we seem to be lost, we can’t go out at all!”
Hu Ma Zi frowned and said.
“I feel it too, in this fog, it’s impossible to discern the direction.”
Fan Jiang also spoke up.
Chen Ping stopped his body and spread his divine sense continuously, but although he was able to spread it out on his body, no matter how he spread it, all he saw was a foggy haze.
At that moment, Hu Pazi took out an antique copper-coloured compa*s from his bosom, and one look at the covering on the compa*s told him that it was very old!
When the compa*s was taken out, the needle on it kept spinning as if it was disturbed!
Hu Ma Zi bit his finger and put a drop of blood on the compa*s, then recited the words!
Only to see the compa*s’s needle gradually smoothed out and then stopped moving!
“sh*t, we’ve been walking for half a day, but we’re not going up at all, we’re circling the snowy mountain ……”
Hu Ma Zi burst out a foul mouth!
“You had this thing, you didn’t bring it out earlier ……”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, they had been trapped in this mist for half a day before this Pocky Hu brought this treasure out!
“Are you kidding, this is handed down from the old ancestors, where can you just use it!”
“Now you all come with me, you should be out of here soon ……”
After Hu Pazzi finished speaking, he put away the compa*s and then started walking forward, while Chen Ping and the others followed behind Hu Pazzi!
But just as a few people had not taken a few steps, a figure suddenly came rushing towards them!
This person was holding a knife, and as if he had be en stimulated by something, he roared loudly.