“Elder Miao, your breath is fine, you should be fine.”
At this moment, that Apothecary Chen stepped forward and said to Elder Miao!
As he spoke, you Apothecary Chen couldn’t help but look at Chen Ping!
In fact, at this time, Apothecary Chen stepped forward to speak, it was only because he was thinking of getting close to Old Miao, and then smacking Chen Ping in the face in the process!
Chen Ping did not care, while that Miao Lao nodded slightly and did not say anything more!
After all, he didn’t want people to know about his injury, even though Chen Ping had already absorbed all the Yin Fiend Qi out of his body, but Miao Lao didn’t want people to know that he had been injured by the Demon Race’s people!
“This Chilian Mountain Range is very dangerous, everyone don’t walk around carelessly, all follow behind me, don’t get separated ……”
Cai Hongwei said loudly to the crowd!
“Qiannan, you don’t have to be afraid, I will protect you.”
Sikong Zhen said to Cai Qiannan!
Cai Qiannan just blankly glanced at that Sikong Zhen and ignored him!
The crowd began to head towards the depths of the mountain range!
The mountain road was rugged, so if it was an ordinary person, there would definitely be no way to pass through, but they were all cultivators, so this kind of road could be travelled as if it was flat!
Along the way, although they did run into a few demonic beasts, none of them were strong!
Without waiting for others to make a move, they were all cut down by that Sikong Zhen, perhaps he wanted to show himself!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was walking at the end of the group, his divine sense having probed out long ago.
A few hours later, the crowd had already walked to the depths of the mountain range, Cai Hongwei looked like he was really familiar with the mountain range, always able to find a hidden path where there seemed to be no path.
“There was originally no road here, but I’ve led the group from here more often, so there is this path.”
“Although the path is twisting and winding from here, it’s able to avoid most of the demonic beasts and won’t suffer from ambushes.”
Cai Hongwei said to the crowd!
The crowd didn’t say anything, since they had chosen to follow Cai Hongwei, they could only trust him!
After walking for some more time, the crowd came to a slope, which looked very flat, like it had been artificially groomed!
“Alright, let’s all take a rest here, this place was also fixed by me before, every time I come here, I will fix it, after all, this Chilian Mountain Range is too big to go out in one breath.”
After Cai Hongwei finished speaking, he found himself a place to sit down!
Seeing this, the others also looked for a place to start resting!
However, Chen Ping did not sit down, instead he thought to look around and then walked towards the mountain forest on the side!
“What are you doing to go?”
Seeing this, Cai Hongwei hurriedly asked Chen Ping!
“I want to look around ……”
Chen Ping said!
“Don’t you run around, this Chilian Mountain Range is not as simple as you think, don’t look at the fact that there is no danger in the Chilian Mountain Range right now, that’s because I’m giving you guys a lead, if you guys were to wander around on your own, you would have been attacked by demonic beasts a long time ago.”
“And this Chilian mountain range don’t know when the poison tent will appear, if the poison tent appears, you want to run can’t run, directly will lose your mind to become crazy.”
“Many cultivators who have been hit by poisoned tents end up swinging chaotically and end up dying of exhaustion alive, you’d better stay honest.”
Cai Hongwei reminded Chen Ping!
“Boss Cai, you’re being overly concerned, you’ve forgotten that he’s a pharmacist, what’s a poisoned tent in the area.”
“I have a few antidote pills here, there is no problem in dealing with a poison bill.”
That Pharmacist Chen said, pulled out a pill, then gave one to each person, only not to Chen Ping.
“That’s all the antidote pills I have, but you yourself are a pharmacist and quite powerful, surely you won’t be able to use my antidote pills, right?”
Apothecary Chen asked as he looked at Chen Ping with a playful expression!