When the big tortoise saw that Chen Ping had grabbed the beads, it immediately stomped on all four legs, as if it was praying for Chen Ping to spare itself.
Chen Ping looked at the beads in his hand and released the big tortoise: “For the sake of your gift, I will spare your life ……”
When the big tortoise saw Chen Ping let go of himself, he nodded his head after Chen Ping and thanked him, but just as Chen Ping continued to swim downstream, the big tortoise looked a little panicked and stopped Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not understand why this big tortoise was stopping himself.
Just when Chen Ping was full of confusion, a roar suddenly came from the depths of the spring, followed by a huge shockwave that directly shook Chen Ping’s ears, and he almost did not faint.
And after hearing this roar, the big turtle swam away in a panic, darting towards the surface of the water.
Chen Ping shook his head to clear his head a little, and looking at the bottomless spring, Chen Ping was a little hesitant.
The roar that had just come from below was too powerful, and Chen Ping did not know what other dangers might lie below, but his great curiosity made Chen Ping not want to give up just like that, so he dived downwards again with a stiff upper lip.
As Chen Ping dived deeper and deeper, the space below became larger and larger, and the light shone clearly in the water.
“What’s that?”
Suddenly, Chen Ping saw that at the bottom of the spring, a treasure sword emitting a light blue light was stuck on a huge stone, and this dense spiritual energy in the water was emitted from this sword.
Treasure sword, this is definitely a treasure sword …………
Chen Ping was overjoyed, now he happened to be short of a weapon, and now that he saw this sword, Chen Ping liked it very much.
Chen Ping quickly swam towards the treasure sword, when he was only a dozen meters away from it, he noticed this time that the sword had the three words Chopping Dragon Sword engraved on it ……
“Chopping Dragon Sword?” Chen Ping was stunned, “Does it mean that this sword can cut down giant dragons?”
Chen Ping was somewhat unconvinced, in this society nowadays, dragons had long since become legends, and it was all said that giant dragons were extremely powerful and could also spit water and fire, could a sword kill a dragon?
But whether or not it could kill a dragon, this sword was certainly no ordinary object, and Chen Ping liked it at first sight.
But when Chen Ping reached out to pull out the dragon chopping sword, a huge force suddenly shook Chen Ping straight out of the water.
Immediately afterwards, the bottom of the water tumbled, and soon a man formed by the spring slowly emerged.
This person was holding a sword in his hand, which appeared under the water, and Chen Ping could only vaguely make out a human form.
“Those who move the Chopping Dragon Sword will be killed without amnesty ……”
Accompanied by a hoarse old man’s voice, the hidden human form fiercely drew its sword and slashed out.
A trail of water cut through the bottom of the water, coming directly towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was startled and dodged to the side in a panic.
Rumble …………
There was a deafening sound, followed by what looked like a cannonball explosion, and a large crater appeared directly under the water.
You have to know that this is under water, there is the resistance of water, just this slash still has such a great power, it can be seen how strong this spring condensed humanoid monster is.
“Humph, it’s just a wisp of divine sense, how dare you block me ……”
A faint golden light emitted from Chen Ping’s body, followed by a furious shout and a punch towards the humanoid monster.
Boom …………
With a loud sound, the humanoid monster was directly blown apart by Chen Ping’s fist, turning into countless water bottoms and mixing together with the spring.
“Such an unbearable blow ……,” Chen Ping coldly snorted.
But soon behind Chen Ping, the humanoid monster actually coalesced again and slashed at Chen Ping’s shoulder with a single slash.
Chen Ping’s body was struck like a heavy blow, and his whole body instantly slumped to the bottom of the spring, and the mud and sand underneath tumbled around, making the clear spring water very muddy.