“What kind of demonic beast is this ……?”
Patriarch Jiang was startled when he saw the Heaven Swallowing Beast!
He still didn’t know that it was because of the Heaven Swallowing Beast that allowed him to pass through the Thunder Tribulation and prolong his Yang life!
“Patriarch Jiang, don’t be afraid, this is the Heaven Swallowing Beast, it won’t harm you!”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained, but was also curious as to how this Heaven Swallowing Beast had suddenly come out on its own!
Only to see the Heaven Swallowing Beast heading towards the remnants of the old man’s soul, which startled Chen Ping!
The Heaven Swallowing Beast was capable of devouring everything, if it swallowed the old man’s residual soul inside, it would be over!
“Little fellow, come back, come back ……”
Chen Ping yelled, but that Heaven Swallowing Beast didn’t seem to listen to Chen Ping at all!
And after seeing the Heaven Swallowing Beast, the remnant soul of that old man was also slightly stunned, then he stretched out his hand and actually stroked that Heaven Swallowing Beast!
The Heaven Swallowing Beast honestly lay on the ground and did not attack the old man’s remnant soul!
This scene left Chen Ping dumbfounded!
“What a familiar aura, the aura on this demonic beast is so familiar ……”
The old man muttered!
The Heaven Swallowing Beast then stretched out its tongue, ready to lick the old man, but found that it could not lick it at all, the old man was a remnant soul, although it was able to see, but out of touch!
“Mr Chen, your spirit beast, how come it seems to be familiar with this senior!”
Patriarch Jiang also saw that the Heaven Swallowing Beast seemed to be very familiar with the old man, so he asked curiously!
Chen Ping did not speak, but stared closely at the Heaven Swallowing Beast following that old man!
Suddenly, Chen Ping seemed to think of something and said with a shocked face “Red Cloud Demon Monarch, could it be that you are the Red Cloud Demon Monarch of the Nine Heavens of the Heavenly Realm?”
“The Heaven Swallowing Beast is your mount, that’s why you feel familiar, and the Heaven Swallowing Beast is also familiar with your aura, that’s why it ran out of the storage ring on its own after your aura exploded!”
Chen Ping recalled what happened when he met that Fire Spirit Star Monarch during the Divine Demon Battlefield, that Fire Spirit Star Monarch had said that the Heaven Swallowing Beast was the mount of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, however, it had never been discovered that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had ever come to the Celestial Realm, so how could the Beast Pill of the Heaven Swallowing Beast have appeared in the Celestial Realm!
It seems that this Red Cloud Demon Monarch was decapitated, and his residual soul was suppressed in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, trapped in that cave, so I’m sure that his mount, the Heaven Swallowing Beast, must have died as well!
The Heaven Swallowing Beast Beast Egg that Chen Ping had obtained should have been an egg laid before the death of the Heaven Swallowing Beast, and had been obtained by Chen Ping by chance!
Obviously, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch being suppressed under the Heavenly Demon Mountain should have been before the God-Demon War.
In that case, the legend of the Heavenly Demon Mountain should be true, and this Red Cloud Demon Monarch should be the great devil that was suppressed under the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
As for what realm strength this Red Cloud Demon Sovereign was in the end, Chen Ping did not know, and that Fire Spirit Star Sovereign had not told him about it either!
But living in the Nine Heavens of the Heavenly Realm, his strength would definitely not be too weak!
“Red Cloud Demon Lord? What kind of devil is this, Mr Chen? Never heard of it ah ……”
Patriarch Jiang asked curiously!
And the old man himself was full of confusion “You said I’m the Red Cloud Demon Lord, living in the Nine Heavens of the Heavenly Realm? How do you know that?”
The old man couldn’t recall who he was at all, and hearing the name Red Cloud Demon Monarch was also very unfamiliar!
“I was at the Divine Demon Battlefield when I heard a person called the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign speaking about the Heaven Swallowing Beast being your mount, and now that the Heaven Swallowing Beast is so close to you, then you should be the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!”
Chen Ping told the old man what he had heard after him!
The old man pondered for a moment, but still seemed to be unable to remember anything, so he shook his head and said “I don’t know who the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign is, and I don’t know who I am either!”
After saying that, the aura of the old man’s body gradually converged, and the Heaven Swallowing Beast, after circling around the remnants of the old man’s soul, immediately flashed back into Chen Ping’s storage ring!