Chen Ping swept a glance at the four Nanshan Jie, and then said, “Get lost, don’t let me see you again ……”
Once the four Nanshan Jie heard that Chen Ping had let them go, they kowtowed repeatedly and hurriedly got up and ran out!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, lay back down again, he now wanted to see what other tricks that Jin Fusheng had up his sleeve!
And the four Nanshan Jie who had escaped were all filled with anger at the moment!
Especially Lao San, looking at his broken arms, he gritted his teeth: “Paralyzing Jin Fusheng, isn’t this a f*cking way to send us to our deaths? This old thing, caused me to lose my hands, I must not let him go ……”
“Yes, we can’t let this old thing go, we almost let him get us killed ……”
Lao Er said with a murderous aura.
After hearing this, the oldest nodded, “Let’s go, even if we don’t kill this old thing, we’ll still have to clean him up ……”
With that, the four Nanshan Jie said and walked aggressively towards Jin Fusheng’s room!
Jin Fusheng was humming a little song at this moment, waiting for the good news from the Four Masters of Nanshan!
At that moment, the door was kicked open and the four Nanshan Jie walked in with a fury!
When Jin Fusheng saw that all the Nanshan Four Jie had returned so quickly, he couldn’t help but stare, then he got up and laughed, “I didn’t expect the four of you to settle it so quickly?”
“I solved your mother ……”
The second of the four South Mountain Jiejie, with a fiery nature, directly slapped towards Jin Fusheng.
Jin Fusheng was also a clan master and gave a hasty retreat to dodge it.
“What are you doing?”
Jin Fusheng asked with a puzzled expression.
“What for? You almost got us f*cking killed, look at my third brother’s hand ……”
The Nanshan Four Jie boss was also furious and pulled Lao San straight over!
When Jin Fusheng saw Lao San’s broken arm, he was also confused all of a sudden.
“What the …… hell is going on here?”
Jin Fusheng also did not understand how things had become like this.
“What’s going on?” The boss glared at his eyes, “The person you f*cking told us to kill is a Martial Patriarch, a Martial Patriarch …… I’ll f*ck you, you told us to kill a Martial Patriarch, isn’t that f*cking asking me to get killed?”
The old man was so foul-mouthed that he wanted to swallow that Jin Fusheng alive!
When Jin Fusheng heard this, his whole body was directly scared silly!
A martial arts clan?
In their eyes, this was an immortal existence, and he had the intention to kill a Martial Sect.
But Jin Fusheng didn’t feel that any of these people had the strength of a Martial Sect, the two older ones were just ordinary people, as for the young pair, even if they had trained from their mothers, they couldn’t have reached the strength of a Martial Sect.
It was most likely the middle-aged pair, but Jin Fusheng did not sense the aura of a Martial Sect from Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng.
“Which one of these few people is a Martial Sect powerhouse?”
Jin Fusheng asked in confusion.
“Stupid, which one do you mean, of course it’s Mr. Chen Ping Chen, the youngest man ……”
The boss scolded angrily.
“Mr. Chen Ping Chen?” Jin Fusheng frowned slightly, then his eyes snapped round and he drew a cold breath backwards, “The one who killed Ichiro Watanabe at the international tournament?”
“Nonsense, who else is it if not him!”
The boss glared at Jin Fusheng.
This time, Jin Fusheng was completely dumbfounded and stood on the spot as if he was a puppet.
“I …… really didn’t know he was Mr. Chen ……”
At this moment, Jin Fusheng’s heart had long regretted.
If he had known that there was Chen Ping among these people, he would not have dared to hit him even if he was given a hundred guts, and he would have served him with respect.
Pah!
Lao Er went straight up and gave Jin Fusheng a slap, and this time Jin Fusheng didn’t dodge!
“You don’t know even if it’s over, let me tell you, we told you off long ago, dare to offend Mr. Chen, you really have eaten your heart and leopard’s guts, besides Mr. Chen is a person from the Kyoto Dharma Protection Court, it is meritorious, you just wait for your whole family to be killed ……”
Lao Er roared!