Three people attacked at the same time, and they were all killer attacks, but when they hit Chen Ping, Chen Ping was unharmed!
Such a difference in strength could be seen even by ordinary people.
And Chen Ping looked coldly at the shocked trio.
“Tenebrous ……”
After a single sound, an extremely domineering force suddenly erupted from within Chen Ping’s body!
With Chen Ping as the centre, this power began to sweep in all directions, and the three people from Zhou Tiancheng in front of Chen Ping were tipped over by this tremendous power before they could react in any way.
Rumble ……
The entire villa, under this terrifying power of Chen Ping, also began to collapse with a bang.
Chen Ping’s divine sense spread out and instantly found the room where Ji Ruxue was, and his figure flickered away!
Soon, Chen Ping appeared in front of Ji Ruxue.
Looking at Chen Ping in front of her, Ji Ru Xue was held in Chen Ping’s arms before she could react.
And the bricks and tiles of the entire villa began to fall.
Chen Ping shielded Ji Ruxue tightly and let those bricks and stones smash into his body.
But these bricks and stones could not cause any damage to Chen Ping at all.
As the smoke cleared, Chen Ping stood proudly amidst the rubble with Ji Ruxue in his arms.
Ji Ruxue was hooked around Chen Ping’s neck, her eyes unblinkingly looking at him.
It could be seen that Ji Ruxue was excited, very excited …………
“Chen Ping, you …… are really not dead?”
Ji Ruxue bit her red lips to death, and tears continued to flow down her eyes.
“I’m fine, how could I die, many people want my life, but unfortunately they can’t kill me ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile towards Ji Ruxue.
And at that moment, Zhou Tiancheng, who had been tipped out, climbed up with difficulty and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.
Seeing Ji Ruxue in Chen Ping’s arms, Zhou Tiancheng’s eyes were scarlet.
“Zhou Feng, Zhou Yu, we must kill this guy today, he can’t even fight back now that he is holding that Ji Ru Xue!”
Zhou Tiancheng said to the two men.
The two nodded, then began to gather their energy and prepare for a fight!
“Chen Ping, put me down quickly and leave me alone ……”
Ji Ru Xue saw that she had become a burden to Chen Ping and hurriedly asked Chen Ping to put herself down.
However, Chen Ping did not let go, but smiled lightly and said, “These three trash, even if I don’t do anything, what can they do to me?”
Seeing Chen Ping speak so easily, a soft light shone in Ji Ru Xue’s eyes.
At this moment, Chen Ping was quite a bit taller in Ji Ru Xue’s heart again.
Seeing Chen Ping despise them so much, the three men’s anger grew even more intense.
They saw Zhou Feng claw his hands towards those rubbles, followed by a flexed grip.
Soon, the rubble began to splash up and then coalesced into a lance several metres long in Zhou Feng’s hand.
One lance after another was then formed and suspended in mid-air, like a sharp arrow on a string, ready to shoot out at any moment.
Zhou Tiancheng also made a quick seal, and a terrifying explosion of energy exploded, followed by fireballs the size of football balls, flickering with a faint light, appearing in mid-air.
Zhou Yu didn’t stay idle either, as he sank his Qi into his dantian and choked out his spell, only to see countless fist shadows appear, each of which was incredibly sharp.
Looking at the three people lively preparing, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, “So this Zhou family’s specialty is magic, then I will also play magic with you ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a transparent barrier was only seen to envelop him and Ji Ruxue.
Because he was holding Ji Ruxue in his arms, if Chen Ping only relied on his imperishable golden body, although he could protect himself, there was no way to protect Ji Ruxue.
So chanting the magic words, a transparent barrier appeared out of thin air, protecting the two people within it.
“Kill ……”
Zhou Tiancheng let out a furious shout!
Followed by that person simultaneously launching an attack, countless lances stabbed at Chen Ping and a fireball lunged towards Chen Ping!
And that one fist shadow followed close behind, just intending to smash a fist on Chen Ping’s body after breaking through his defense in front.