“A twenty-something year old at the YuanYing realm?” Tiger Li Daxian was stunned, “If this was in the ancient times, it would not be strange, but in today’s society, there is still such a wonder talent ……”
After pondering for a while, Tiger Li Daxian spoke again, “Don’t bother with him for now, as long as he doesn’t cause any trouble, let him be ……”
“The power of faith has shown signs of weakening during this time, how do you do things? It’s far worse than your brother ……”
Tiger Li Daxian said in an icy tone.
When Du Ziteng heard this, he was so scared that his body trembled: “I will do it immediately, please spare Tiger Li Daxian’s life ……”
“Go ahead, if you can’t do the position, then replace it with someone else ……”
Tiger Li Daxian waved his hand.
Du Ziteng retreated with a face full of cold sweat, and then hurriedly left!
And that Tiger Li Daxian came to a valley behind the mansion, and in the middle of the valley, a huge sculpture was placed in it!
The sculpture looked very ancient, and had undergone the ravages of countless years, with some signs of damage!
Even so, it could not conceal the majesty of the sculpture!
And there was a futon in front of the sculpture, and Tiger Li Daxian knelt down Avray.
………………
Immediately after Du Ziteng returned to the palace, he called a meeting with the great elders!
“Notify it down, everyone participate in the pilgrimage, anyone who does not participate will be directly expelled from Penglai Island ……”
Du Ziteng said with an ice-cold face.
After receiving the order, the great elders immediately went to make arrangements!
In a flash, everyone on Penglai Island put down what they were doing and started going to the nearest temple to pay their respects!
Hu Ma Zi, who was originally eating, saw that many people had put down the things they were doing and were hurrying out the door, so he curiously followed them.
Many people entered the temple and left after bowing three times.
Hu Pazi also followed him inside, only to see that the temple was not dedicated to a deity, but only a one-metre-high stone statue.
Hu Pazi was a bit confused, not understanding how these people could kneel and worship a stone statue.
What was the point of kneeling towards a stone statue when these were all immortal cultivators?
“You people, why don’t you kneel and worship when you enter the temple? Is it because you want to be expelled from Penglai Island?”
An old man, who was over seventy years old, saw that Hu Ma Zi was standing dazed, so he yelled at Hu Ma Zi.
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi also hurriedly knelt down and casually kowtowed two heads!
But unbeknownst to Hu Ma Zi, as he knelt and worshipped, a trace of white Qi rose from his body and instantly entered the stone statue’s body!
After he had finished kneeling, Hu Puzi followed the old man out!
“Old man, let me ask you something, why don’t you kneel down and worship the gods and Buddhas, but a stone statue?”
“And as if they had been ordered to do so, they all hurriedly came to kneel down and worship?”
Hu Ma Zi took out a cigarette, handed it to the old man, and lit it himself, asking curiously.
The old man puffed on his cigarette and gave Hu Pazzi a look, “New here, right?”
“Yes, yes, new here …….”
Hu Pazzi nodded his head repeatedly.
“To tell you the truth, it was ordered by the palace that everyone must make a pilgrimage today or be expelled from Penglai Island, that’s why people are in a hurry to come and make a pilgrimage.”
The old man explained.
“Old Brother, then why did the palace force a pilgrimage to worship this stone statue?”
Hu Ma Zi asked.
“Then how would I know, that’s the rule anyway, someone will explain it as soon as they come to the island, did no one tell you?”
The old man asked, looking strangely at Hu Pazzi.
Hu Pazzi shook his head, “I’ve been here for months and I haven’t seen anyone say ……”
“Then you must have either defected to Penglai Island or come here for pleasure, no wonder you are above the temple and don’t know how to kneel down, let me tell you, there are rules on this Penglai Island ………… ”
The old man followed Hu Pazi’s speech, and Hu Pazi gradually understood!