“Why is there such an abundance of spiritual energy here, and why are you guys cultivating so slowly? And the realm doesn’t seem to be able to break through to YuanYing?”
Chen Ping continued to ask, somewhat not quite daring to believe that the entire Penglai Island could be a formation or a curse influence!
Because with such a huge area and people, it was really impossible to imagine what realm the person who had cast the formation or curse had reached.
With a difficult face, the Grand Elder shook his head, “I’m not sure what’s going on here, only someone from the royal family should know, Penglai Island has been under the control of the Du family for hundreds of years, King Du must know what’s going on ……”
“What you say is true?” Chen Ping frowned and stared at the Grand Elder with a deadly stare!
As the Grand Elder, Chen Ping decided that there was no way he didn’t know.
“What he said is true, and I’m afraid that the secret is only known to the people of the Du family ……”
At this time, Hu Ma Zi caught up with the meal.
When the Grand Elder saw that another person had arrived, and felt the aura on Hu Pazzi’s body, which was surprisingly at the Golden Dan realm, following Du Ziteng at the same realm, his face changed again!
There were only a handful of Golden Dan realms in the entire Penglai Island.
Seeing that Pocky Hu said this, Chen Ping believed the words of the Grand Elder, so he waved his hand and said, “Alright, you can leave now, don’t come to provoke me in the future ……”
“I don’t dare, I don’t dare ……”
The Grand Elder turned around and fled in a panic!
Seeing that Chen Ping had let the Great Elder go, Hu Ma Zi asked with some confusion, “Why did you let him go? They will definitely come back for trouble.”
“I’m not afraid if they come, that Du Ziteng is only at the peak of the Golden Dan, he’s not my opponent ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, but soon the smile disappeared and his brow frowned slightly, “However, I always feel that this Penglai Island can’t be the highest realm is just that peak Golden Dan, there must be something hidden behind it, it seems that we have to find time to follow that Du family’s people to talk.”
“I think the environment here has no effect on you at all, you should seize the time to cultivate, if there is really a high level person hiding behind this Penglai Island, what can we do if we dig it out?”
“You and I are afraid that with our strength, we won’t be able to deal with it at all, and we’ll just be finding trouble for ourselves when the time comes.”
“It’s better for me to secretly investigate on my own, you continue your cultivation, but this time remember to set up a defence formation!”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping.
“You’re right!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
What existed here were all immortal cultivators, unlike the Martial Dao Realm, where the realms of immortal cultivation were higher, even if there were many realms of distinction above immortals!
But in the Martial Dao world, after entering the Martial Saint and stepping into the Realm of Transformation, there are no more records!
And some Martial Saints, Great Martial Saints and the like, if you put them into the Immortal Cultivation Realm, they are not worth mentioning at all!
In essence, there was no way for a martial artist to follow a cultivator!
Only now that the general environment has changed, the spiritual energy has dried up and is not suitable for the survival of immortal cultivators, the martial arts world has become prosperous!
But martial cultivation is still martial cultivation after all, and the upper limit of the martial world is simply too low for the immortal cultivation world ……
Chen Ping didn’t know what kind of experts he would encounter on this Penglai Island full of immortal cultivators, but someone who could control such a large Penglai Island behind the scenes and lay down formations or curses must be powerful!
Even if they dug up the secret now and found the expert behind it, it was still not something they could handle.
It would be better to seize the time to cultivate now, and wait until their realm was raised and they were strong enough to crack the secret of Penglai Island!
“Let’s take three months as the deadline, after three months, you come here to find me, no matter what realm I can reach by then, before properly investigating the secrets of this Penglai Island!” Chen Ping said.
“Good!” Hu Ma Zi nodded.
Chen Ping set up a defensive formation and once again entered into cultivation!
And Pocky Hu was secretly investigating the secrets of Penglai Island!