At this moment, Zhou Jie was all tired, her hair was messy, and her face was also very ugly.
Hu Ma Zi took a look at Zhou Jie’s appearance, and a trace of pity actually flashed in his eyes, even if Zhou Jie had put medicine in their tea, Hu Ma Zi did not hate her at all.
When Song Qingping saw Zhou Jie come out, his face instantly turned cold, all in a murderous aura, he said, “How dare you betray me, I asked you to give them the scattered energy water, why didn’t you do it and lie to me about it?”
“She didn’t lie to you, she did put that scattering power water in our tea, only I am invulnerable to all poisons, that what scattering power water, has no effect on me.”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
Zhou Jie looked at Chen Ping, and then lowered her head in shame, she had ended up putting the Dissipative Energy Water in Chen Ping’s tea with them, which made Zhou Jie feel ashamed to see Chen Ping again!
“I didn’t expect you to have this kind of physique.”
Song Qingping grimaced, now that it had been made clear, Song Qingping knew that he couldn’t pretend any longer!
“There’s a lot more you don’t know ……”
With that, a burst of terrifying aura began to erupt from Chen Ping’s body!
Seeing this, Song Qingping couldn’t help but snort coldly, “Chen Ping, with your current skills, you’re no match for me at all.”
“And don’t you forget that this is the Demon Spirit Sect, it’s my territory, so it’s best for you to stay out of our Demon Spirit Sect’s affairs.”
“I can let you go now, and whether you go to save your girlfriend or go to Penglai Island, I can continue to offer you help.”
“But if you insist on meddling in the affairs of our Demon Spirit Sect, then don’t blame me for being ungracious.”
Song Qingping did not panic as he faced Chen Ping.
“I’m no match for you? Is that narcissism on your part?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“Narcissism?” Song Qingping snorted coldly, then a terrifying aura erupted from his body, instantly suppressing the aura from Chen Ping’s body, “This time, do you still think I’m narcissistic? I can become this Vice Patriarch not only by means, but also by strength later on.”
“The peak of a Grand Martial Marquis?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he didn’t expect this Song Qingping to be so strong, to be at the peak of a Grand Martial Marquis.
Everyone else also looked at Song Qingping in shock, even that Deacon Lu was full of surprise!
It was obvious that for so many years, they had all been deceived by that Song Qingping, no one knew his true strength!
“What? Afraid? If you’re afraid, then leave obediently, I won’t make things difficult for you, and I won’t force you to stay with that Blood Devil’s flesh.”
Song Qingping was full of contempt as he looked at Chen Ping and said indifferently!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, this Song Qingping was talking to him about cooperation, in order to obtain the Blood Demon’s flesh!
But at this moment, Song Qingping did not want the Blood Demon’s flesh, which made Chen Ping feel a little surprised!
But no matter what, Chen Ping could not afford to leave!
“You’re really too crazy, don’t you know that the seven Great Martial Martial Marquises of the Martial Dao Alliance, and even the Martial Saint Artifacts in attendance, were all killed by me as well?”
“With just a mere peak Grand Martial Marquis like you, you dare to be so arrogant ah.”
“That Ning Zhi who suddenly appeared, you should know him, even he only had to run for his life when he saw me.”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Don’t compare that fool to me, if he didn’t have the soul of the Lord Demon Amba*sador inside him, what would he be?”
“I want everyone to know that even without the augmentation of the soul spirit, I am still able to break through the rank of Grand Martial Marquis and reach the rank of Martial Saint.”
Song Qingping was so full of disdain that he didn’t even put Ning Zhi in his eyes!
The reason he treated Ning Zhi with such respect was also because of that Demon Envoy’s soul spirit inside Ning Zhi!
“The heavens will make him mad if they want him to perish, I see your time of death has come ……”
Said Chen Ping, a burst of coldness emanating from his cold eyes!