Chen Ping’s entire body was as silly as if he was trying to study these statues so that Su Yuqi and the girls could get out of here!
This made Su Yuqi look very heartbroken!
“Brother Chen Ping, Sister Yu Qi is right, the three of us are together now, it’s fine, you don’t need to rush!”
Xiao Ru also advised Chen Ping!
“We are here, we can still let the two of them teach me to cultivate, maybe after a while, I can also become an expert and can help you.” Wu Mei’er also said with a smile.
But Chen Ping knew that the three of them were relieving themselves, in fact, even if this mysterious realm was a good environment, no one would want to be locked up in this cage-like mysterious realm forever!
Moreover, this secret realm was the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect, and people from the Demon Heart Sect could come in at any time, so what was the difference between Su Yuqi and the three of them being trapped here and being locked up in the prison of the Demon Heart Sect?
But Chen Ping had tried all sorts of methods, but to no avail, except for the first time he saw them, there was no more of that!
Just as Chen Ping’s face was chagrined, his brow suddenly furrowed and he instantly got up!
“What’s wrong?” Su Yuqi asked.
“Someone, someone has come to the secret realm ……”
Although Chen Ping was studying the statues, he had been radiating a wisp of divine sense outside, just to prevent people from the Demonic Heart Sect from suddenly entering this secret realm and causing harm to Su Yuqi and the girls!
Now he felt the fluctuation of the aura, proving that someone had entered the secret realm ……
As soon as they heard that someone had entered the secret realm, Su Yuqi and the girls all became curious, wondering who would enter here!
Several people walked out of the Endless Cave, and then Chen Ping ran in the direction of the fluctuating breath!
When they arrived and found out that the person who had entered the secret realm was Zhou Jie, they were all frozen!
And when Zhou Jie saw Chen Ping and the girls, she was excited too!
After all, the secret realm was not small, so if Zhou Jie searched for them little by little, I’m afraid she would have wasted a lot of time!
“Zhou Jie, how did you get into the secret realm?”
Chen Ping asked with a surprised look on his face after seeing Zhou Jie.
“Mr. Chen, I …………”
Zhou Jie was just about to speak when she remembered Ji Ru Xue’s explanation, so she said, “Mr. Chen, something happened to the Dragon Sect, so I was told to come in to look for you.”
“Something has happened to the Dragon Sect? What has happened?”
Chen Ping frowned.
One should know that the Dragon Sect was managed by Long Xingxu and had the support of the Ge Family and the Dong Family, so nothing should have happened!
Even if there were some minor matters, Long Xingxu would be able to handle them himself!
Now needing to have Zhou Jie venture into the secret realm to find himself, that would prove that something big had happened!
“No…… nothing big, it’s just that there are some issues that you need to deal with personally!”
Zhou Jie shook her head and said!
Looking at Zhou Jie’s appearance, Chen Ping knew that something big must have happened, but he didn’t pursue the matter, instead he looked at Su Yuqi and said, “Yuqi, you guys just go to the Endless Cave and wait for me, don’t wander around, I’ll think of a way to take you guys out after I’ve finished with the matter!”
“You go ahead, don’t worry about us, it’s quite good for us to land a scenario here too!”
Su Yuqi nodded!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping said to Zhou Jie.
Zhou Jie looked at Chen Ping with a difficult expression on her face, “Mr. Chen, I …… have also entered the secret realm now, if I exit the secret realm, will I be following Miss Su and the others?”
“Don’t worry, you will be fine!” Chen Ping said.
Now Chen Ping already knew that the reason why Su Yuqi and the three of them would have their lives in danger when they got out of the secret realm was because of that Endless Cave thing that followed their special physique!
Zhou Jie didn’t have a special physique and hadn’t entered the Endless Cave, so there should be no problem!
When Zhou Jie saw Chen Ping say so, she followed him out of the secret realm!