Chen Ping let go of his hand and Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s parched body fell to the ground with a plop!
“It’s so good ……”
Chen Ping felt the surging spiritual power within his body and was thrilled inside!
Although he had absorbed Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s strength, Chen Ping’s strength did not rise another step!
But even so, Chen Ping was already satisfied, after all, Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s current power was only a fraction of what it used to be!
Moreover, after Chen Ping had been promoted to Martial Saint, the amount of spiritual energy and resources needed to raise his realm would be immense!
Ono Hiroshi looked on, dumbfounded, at the already dried up and dead Toyotomi Hideyoshi on the ground.
This was the entire Western capital, the god that countless people had believed in for hundreds of years!
To be completely wiped out just like that?
How could this be possible?
Ono Hiroshi simply did not believe it, but with the facts in front of him, or with his own eyes, he could not help but believe it!
“Master is mighty, you are the true god …………”
Watanabe Fumio at this moment, fiercely kneeling in front of Chen Ping, shouted loudly!
Seeing this, Yumiko also hurriedly fell to her knees!
As the head of the Watanabe family, many people knew him and admired him!
Now Watanabe Fumio was kneeling in front of Chen Ping, worshipping him as a god!
Seeing this scene, Ono Hiroshi also hurriedly feared to go over and knelt before Chen Ping, trembling all over!
“Gods above, please accept our devout prayers ……”
Ono Hiroshi fell to his knees, with a devout face!
“Gods …………”
At this moment, those surviving followers of Chizuru Shrine all knelt down in droves!
Even Koichi Ono had rechosen his god, so there was no need for them, the believers, to stick to their old beliefs!
And their faith was crumbling right in front of them!
Chen Ping looked coldly at Ono Koichi, the corners of his mouth curling into a cold smile.
“You have believed in Toyotomi Hideyoshi for many years, why have you changed your face so quickly? It seems that your faith is not strong at all ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“God, that Toyotomi Hideyoshi is just a false god, he is just a wisp of a remnant soul, while you, God, are the real main god ……”
Ono Hiroshi bragged to Chen Ping, “I will order people to rebuild the shrine and enshrine the statue of the god in it.”
“Let the gods enjoy the power of the worship of millions ……”
It must be said that Koichi Ono was fighting to stay alive, pleasing Chen Ping!
“What is the use of keeping a greedy person like you who fears death ……”
Chen Ping said, with a flick of his hand, a breath instantly pierced through that Ono Hiroshi’s chest!
Ono Hiroshi looked at the blood gushing out from his chest and slowly fell down ……
And looking at the believers who had fallen to their knees, Chen Ping said to Watanabe Fumio, “Watanabe Fumio, I will leave this place to you, you have to let everyone know that I am their god, and their god is the Daxia people ……”
“Understood, master ……”
Watanabe Fumio said with a nod.
Chen Ping took Hu Ma Zi and the others down the mountain, while Yumiko followed closely though Chen Ping, not leaving a single step!
At this time, Yumiko, is a maid look, slightly bowed head, Chen Ping’s every action, she has to understand Chen Ping’s meaning!
In just one day, the news of the destruction of Chizuru Shrine and the Watanabe family’s re-instatement of the gods instantly spread throughout the island!
Coupled with those believers who had seen it with their own eyes, spreading it in graphic detail, in a flash Chen Ping’s followers were multiplying exponentially!
Fumio Watanabe also rebuilt the shrine and built a statue of Chen Ping!
And at the same time, word spread that the new deity was a native of Daxia.
This began to displease other shrines in other parts of the country, because they were dedicated to gods who were famous on the island!
The sudden appearance of an unknown Daxia man as the island’s god was clearly inappropriate.