Chen Ping hesitated before shaking his head, “I’m not sure how my strength compares to yours, as I’m not a martial artist ……”
“Could you be a warlock?” Zhao Wuji asked.
Chen Ping shook his head again.
Zhao Wuji froze, then his eyes widened, his eyes were full of surprise as he looked at Chen Ping, his mouth was big enough to fit an egg!
“Captain Xu, go out and keep watch, no one is allowed near …… without my orders.”
Zhao Wuji suddenly ordered to Xu Shimao!
Xu Shimao walked out of the room and stood guard at the door while Zhao Wouji looked at Chen Ping and said, “Could it be that Mr. Chen is a cultivator?”
“You know about cultivators too?” Chen Ping was stunned, the Bai family knew about the existence of cultivators because they had encountered them before, but how could this Zhao Wuji also know?
Seeing Chen Ping ask this, Zhao Wuji immediately understood, and immediately nodded, “Of course I know about cultivators, and in our Grand Xia country, there are still quite a few cultivation families that exist, it’s just that all of these families and people are hidden from the world and don’t reveal their strength at all, so many people don’t know about it, I am the head of the Kyoto Dharma Protection Pavilion, of course I know about it! ”
“Are there still many immortal cultivators in this world?” As soon as Chen Ping heard this, his whole body became excited!
He had always wanted to find immortal cultivators other than the old leader, after all, it was too lonely for him to be alone, there were still many things he didn’t understand about the immortal cultivation world, and he was eager to find someone to ask!
Zhao Wuji nodded, “Some things are confidential and I am not at liberty to follow Mr. Chen in detail, since Mr. Chen is an immortal cultivator, then I am relieved, no wonder he dares not to put the Qin family in his sights.”
“Is there something wrong with you?” Looking at that expression on Zhao Wuji’s face, Chen Ping asked.
“I’m not going to hide it from Mr. Chen, I’m looking for Mr. Chen this time because I want Mr. Chen to do me a favour, an international exchange meeting will be held some time later, I heard that both the Bear Kingdom and the Ara Kingdom have secretly found experts, this time several captains under me have something to do, Captain Xu has just been injured, I want to ask Mr. Chen to help us fight in this international exchange meeting… …”
Zhao Wuji said with some embarra*sment.
Chen Ping frowned slightly and hesitated a little, it wasn’t that he couldn’t fight, but the 15th of July was getting closer and closer, which was just over a month away, and he wanted to take advantage of his leisure to cultivate quickly and improve his cultivation.
“If Mr. Chen is difficult, then forget it …………”
After knowing that Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator, Zhao Wuji became even more respectful to Chen Ping!
“What time is it?” Chen Ping asked.
“Two months later!” Zhao Wuji hurriedly replied!
“Two months from now?” Chen Ping smiled, “If you had said two months earlier, I would have promised you a long time ago!”
“Could it be that Mr. Chen still has something to take care of?” Zhao Wuji asked, “If there’s anything I can help with, I’m willing to serve!”
Chen Ping waved his hand, “No need, it’s just some personal matters!”
After a few words of small talk, Zhao Wouji took Xu Shimao and left, but just as he opened the door, Zhao Wouji suddenly turned back and said, “Mr. Chen, there is an antique exhibition and auction in Kyoto in five days, I think there might be something you can use!”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, “An antique exhibition and auction? Is it officially held?”
“Of course not, the organiser is a Hong Kong businessman who is also a collector, he is holding this exhibition and auction so that he can attract some antique lovers to come up with their own treasures, as long as this Hong Kong businessman sees it, he will do whatever it takes to get it, we at the Dharma Protection Pavilion are only responsible for security work!” Zhao Wuji explained.
“Well, thanks a lot, Pavilion Master Zhao!”
Chen Ping was now in need of a lot of spiritual energy, and these antiques would also contain spiritual energy in them, or like that dragon chair of Gu Mantian, they would all contain resentment that could help Chen Ping cultivate.
After sending Zhao Wuji away, Chen Ping also went back home, but seeing that Su Yuqi hadn’t returned yet, Chen Ping fell asleep, guessing that Su Yuqi had gone back to the Su family!