Soon, Shi Qingpei and his son reached the top of the mountain. Although the road up the mountain was rugged, but when they actually reached the top, it was a different kind of spectacle!
A majestic temple was built on top of the mountain, occupying almost the entire summit!
Standing on top of the mountain, you could almost reach out and touch the clouds, and the fresh air cleared your mind!
“Dad, is this the Kuchan Temple you were talking about?”
Shi Yan looked at the majestic temple and asked in shock.
In his impression, the temples were all very small and very dilapidated, following this glorious temple in front of him was not the same thing at all!
“Not bad, this is the Kuchan Temple, my eldest brother is the abbot here!”
“When you see my eldest senior brother later, you have to call him eldest uncle!”
Shi Qingpei said with a nod.
As the two people spoke, they arrived at the entrance of Kuchan Temple, at this moment the whole Kuchan Temple was boiling with people, hundreds and thousands of devotees were offering incense, and smoke was billowing around!
Looking at the group of devotees in front of him, all of whom were still ordinary people, Shi Yan looked a little surprised!
“Dad, it’s hard for people of our strength to climb this mountain, how on earth did these ordinary people get up here?”
Shi Yan asked with some incredulity.
“This is the power of faith, the faith of ordinary people who worship Buddha and seek God is not something you and I can compare to, they have all given their lives, to God and Buddha, hoping to be blessed ……”
Shi Qingpei looked at the many devotees and couldn’t help but sigh with emotion!
“The only thing that shapes one’s life is one’s strength, these ordinary people are so naive, they really think they can be blessed by God and Buddha!”
Shi Yan couldn’t help but sneer!
In Shi Yan’s view, any blessing from God or Buddha was not as powerful as one’s own strength.
But just as Shi Yan finished his words, he suddenly felt a choking in his throat, his eyes widened, and his face turned fierce!
“Bold madman, blaspheming the Buddha in my Kuchan Temple, heaven forbid ……”
A thick voice slowly came into Shi Yan’s ears.
This scared Shi Yan so much that he fell to his knees with a poof!
Seeing his son’s strange appearance, Shi Qingpei instantly understood and immediately transmitted his voice with his inner strength, “Senior brother, I am Shi Qingpei of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion, I have come to pay my respects to senior brother, my son is ignorant, so please don’t take offence!”
As Shi Qingpei’s words fell, Shi Yan instantly felt relieved and his breathing became smoother!
Soon, an old monk came out of Kuchan Temple, looking seventy to eighty years old, with white eyebrows into his temples, a monk’s robe covered with patches, and a whirring wind when he walked!
This old monk was Master Jue Yuan, the abbot of Kuchan Temple!
“Eldest Brother …………”
After seeing this old monk, Shi Qingpei instantly pounced on him and burst into old tears!
Seeing this, Shi Yan also hurriedly stepped forward and shouted, “Eldest Brother ……”
Master Jue Yuan swept a glance at Shi Qingpei’s father and son and frowned slightly, then said, “Follow me into the hall ……”
Shi Qingpei’s father and son followed Jue Yuan through the layers of the temple and finally arrived in the large hall at the back!
“All of you go out ……”
Jue Yuan waved his hand and drove the other monks in the hall out, then looked at Shi Qingpei and asked, “Senior brother, as the head of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion, how did you end up in such a bad situation now?”
When Shi Qingpei heard this, he could not help but feel sad and tears flowed out of his eyes once again.
“Eldest Brother, you have to avenge me ……”
With that, Shi Qingpei knelt down for Jue Yuan!
Seeing this, Shi Yan also followed suit and fell to his knees!
“Senior brother, since you and I left the division and developed separately, although we haven’t contacted each other for a long time, but if you have something, senior brother will never ignore it.”
“If you have something to do, just say so!”
Jue Yuan helped Shi Qing Pei to his feet!
“Senior brother, my Hundred Refinements Pavilion is gone, it was destroyed by someone ……”
Shi Qingpei said with a sad face.