“Ah …………”
The two men screamed in pain!
But soon, under the erosion of the black mist, the two people turned into a puddle of blood, which then quickly seeped into the ground!
And those demonic cultivators living underneath the great hall actually used this blood water to cultivate!
“Alliance Master, what about that Chen Ping?”
The middle-aged man asked!
“Notify all the sub-runs, as long as anyone encounters that Chen Ping, kill them on sight.”
“Also have those demonic cultivators from the Soulless Hall go track down that Chen Ping, these guys have survived for so long under the blessing of our Demon Sealing Alliance, it’s time for them to contribute and repay us.”
Zuo Tianzheng ordered to that middle-aged man!
“Alright, I’ll go and inform!” The middle-aged man said and was about to retreat!
But Zuo Tianzheng shouted “Wait ……”
“Alliance Master, is there anything else you wish to order?” The middle-aged man asked!
“The Heavenly Demon Mountain has recently seen rampant demonic cultivators, and I’ve also heard that the Heavenly Demon Mountain has a newly discovered Divine Demon Battlefield, there must be quite a few treasures.”
“Many cultivators as well as a few old men from the Beast Race have rushed to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, so I want you to take Spin Er to the Heavenly Demon Mountain to experience it.”
Zuo Tianzheng said to the middle-aged man!
The middle-aged man frowned slightly and then said “Ally, the road to the side of the Heavenly Demon Mountain is long and the situation is very complicated, I’m afraid that something might happen if you let the eldest son follow you there.”
“What are you afraid of, just by the fame of our Demon Sealing Alliance, no one would dare to do anything to you, in addition to letting you guys go to the Heavenly Demon Mountain is to catch some demonic cultivators, as long as you guys don’t fight for any treasures, you won’t be fine.”
Zuo Tianzheng finished, gently shouted “Spin, come out ……”
Soon, a young man wearing a white long shirt walked out, then slightly bent towards the middle-aged man and said “Elder Chu ……”
Seeing this, the middle-aged man could only helplessly say “Since the alliance master has decided, then after I arrange things, I will take the Grand Duke and set off!”
“Good!” Zuo Tianzheng waved his hand!
…………
Northern Domain Ning Family!
Ning Caixin was packing up his belongings and giving a detailed rundown of the family’s affairs!
“Old Ancestor, things are all arranged, but I still don’t recommend going to the Heavenly Demon Mountain because it’s too far away not to mention that a lot of cultivators have learnt about the discovery of a new Divine Demon Battlefield in the Heavenly Demon Mountain and are all rushing over there.”
“You haven’t completely recovered yet, and with the strength of our Ning Family, I’m afraid that we won’t be able to reap any benefits by rushing over there.”
Ning Caichen advised Ning Zhi!
As for Ning Zhi, he hadn’t walked around for a very long time since he had come to the Celestial Realm and possessed the Ning Clan’s old ancestor!
He had been restoring the strength of the Ning Clan’s old ancestor, but with this amount of resources from the Ning Clan alone, Ning Zhi knew that he wouldn’t be able to recover to his peak state in a monkey’s time!
So he planned to go out for a walk, and then familiarise himself with this Celestial Realm as well;Ning Zhi’s ambition hadn’t diminished just because he had arrived at the Celestial Realm!
Especially because of his hatred for Chen Ping, he wanted to enquire about Chen Ping!
The current Ning Zhi didn’t know that Ning Caichen had followed Chen Ping very familiarly and had fought side by side!
“Asking you to go to the Heavenly Demon Mountain with me is not a discussion with you, do you understand?”
Ning Zhi said in a cold voice!
During this period of time in the Ning Clan, Ning Zhi had long since familiarised himself with his identity, so the entire Ning Clan had to listen to him give orders!
Upon hearing this, Ning Caichen was too scared to speak anymore, and could only pick a few Ning Family children to accompany him on the way to take care of this old ancestor’s!
Ning Caichen knew very well in his heart that their Ning Family wasn’t even considered a big family in the Northern Domain!
Not to mention that they were going to the Heavenly Demon Mountain in the Southern Domain, and there was also a Middle Domain continent in between, so if they went to the Heavenly Demon Mountain with this kind of strength, they would probably just be picking up the pieces behind others.
However, Ning Zhi insisted on going, Ning Caichen did not dare to go against it, and could only serve carefully, after all, whether the Ning family could develop in the future or not, it all depended on this old ancestor!