Chen Ping signalled Gu Tianzhao to come forward and ask!
“Who are you people? Why are you blocking our way ah?”
Gu Tianzhao pretended to be unaware of the identity of Mu Qiufeng and the others as he loudly questioned!
Gu Tianzhao’s face didn’t show a trace of fear, instead, it carried a slight look of dissatisfaction!
Mu Qiufeng glanced at Gu Tianzhao and frowned slightly, but he still asked politely, “This fellow Daoist, who are you people? Why have you come here? This place is thousands of miles away from the mainland.”
“What you said, this is thousands of miles away from the continent, why are you all here as well? This isn’t your home, I’ll go wherever I please!”
Gu Tianzhao directly disliked that Mu Qiufeng!
Mu Qiufeng froze, but didn’t get angry, he could be sure that the person in front of him was by no means that gang of pill masters, the pill masters’ gang of pill masters would probably have already pissed themselves in fear when they saw themselves.
“Fellow Daoist has misunderstood, I don’t mean that, I just see that your spirit boat is severely damaged, I’m afraid that it won’t be able to support you if you are travelling far away.”
“I see that you, Fellow Daoist, should also be a formation master, right? Your spirit boat is broken, but it’s protected with several formations.”
Mu Qiufeng asked!
“That’s right, we are from the Two Yi Sect in the Central Region, I am Gu Tianzhao, the Sect Master of the Two Yi Sect, we were originally travelling in our spirit boat to capture some demonic beasts in the sea, but we didn’t want to have a sudden storm that blew us to this place.”
“If it wasn’t for the fact that our formations are still quite sturdy, I’m afraid that this spirit boat and us, would have died in the storm.”
“What the hell kind of sh*tty place is this, I’ve seen a lot of big storms and waves, but I’ve never seen such a terrifying storm.”
“I advise you guys not to go, that storm hasn’t stopped yet, be careful that you guys get swept up in it too!”
Gu Tianzhao cursed and said.
“So it’s the Two Yi Sect’s Gu Sect Master, I’ve heard of you guys, I heard that your Two Yi Sect’s old ancestor, but he knows Divine Patterns, that’s really something!”
Mu Qiufeng became polite when he heard about the Two Yi Sect.
The Two Yi Sect was considered a relatively famous existence amongst formation sects!
“I didn’t expect you to know about our Divine Pattern Ancestor, what kind of person are you?”
Gu Tianzhao asked, feigning ignorance!
“Oh, we’re from the Zhentian Dharma Sect, my humble self, Mu Qiufeng, Patriarch of the Zhentian Dharma Sect.”
Mu Qiufeng arched his hand and said!
“Zhentian Dharma Sect?”Gu Tianzhao pretended to think for a moment, then said, “I heard that the Zhentian Dharma Sect wasn’t destroyed a long time ago? I haven’t heard any news from your Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect for years.”
Mu Qiufeng had an embarrassed look on his face, then explained, “We weren’t exterminated, it’s just that the continent in no place for us to land, so we didn’t travel far and came to live in this vast ocean.”
“Speaking of which, we’ve been living here for a thousand years, and now I’ve long forgotten what the continent looks like.”
Gu Tianzhao nodded with a dawning realisation, then said, “I see, since you guys have been living here for such a long time, surely you know where to land nearby?”
“This spirit boat of ours needs to find a place to land and repair before we can do so ……”
“Of course, there’s a small island right in front where we’ve been living all along, you guys can go there to settle down, only I still have things to do again, so there’s no way for me to take you there.”Mu Qiufeng said!
“That’s really great, we can just go over there by ourselves, I don’t know what’s the matter with Patriarch Mu ah?”
Gu Tianzhao asked casually!
But after asking, Gu Tianzhao regretted it, is there any need to ask, of course these people are going to reinforce that Elder Liu!
“One of our spirit boats has encountered some difficulties, so we went over to take a look, I wonder if Sect Master Gu has seen our boat on this journey?”
Mu Qiufeng asked.