A cultivator was really upset, he had been waiting here for three days, but now that several hundred people were surrounding this place, it was a bit too unreasonable to not open the teleportation array!
“Bold, you dare to humiliate our ancestor, looking for death ……”
A person from the Giant Savage Palace, immediately glared with both eyes and kicked towards the cultivator who had just vented his dissatisfaction!
The cultivator instinctively wanted to dodge, but the surroundings were all full of people, there was no space to dodge!
Boom …………
The cultivator was directly kicked off and then fell heavily behind the crowd!
Seeing this scene, but no one dared to speak out to help, after all, they are not familiar with each other, no one wants to provoke the people of the Giant Savage Palace for a stranger, after all, they still have to sit in someone else’s teleportation array!
This foot down, just disgruntled those cultivators, also all closed their mouths, although it can be seen very unconvincing, but also do not dare to say anything!
“These Giant Barbarian Palace people are also too overbearing ……”
Seeing this, Ji Yun could not help but say with righteous indignation!
“Hmph, just a bunch of barbarians, now guarding a teleportation array, really taking themselves seriously.”
Fire Phoenix snorted coldly, and was also dissatisfied with the way these people from the Giant Barbarian Palace were acting!
As for those two people from the Giant Barbarian Palace, seeing that the many cultivators were all honest and bowed their heads, their faces became even more bratty!
In their opinion, these cultivators who used the teleportation array were their fish and meat, to be slaughtered at will!
“Beating people at the drop of a hat, aren’t you guys a little too overbearing ……”
Seeing that no one stepped forward, Chen Ping spoke up at this time!
“Who? Who dares to meddle?”
A man from the Giant Savage Palace looked around and roared!
And at this moment, the crowd made way as Chen Ping and the three of them slowly walked forward!
The many surrounding cultivators looked at Chen Ping’s trio and realised that all of them were Harmonisation Realm Minor Cultivators and could not help but worry!
If the strength was high, following the people of the Giant Barbarian Palace and disliking them was nothing, but with Chen Ping and their strength, if they messed with the Giant Barbarian Palace, I am afraid that they would not have any good fruits!
The two guys from the Giant Barbarian Palace who were guarding the entrance channel of the teleportation array sneered when they saw that Chen Ping and the others were only at the Harmonisation Realm!
“Who was meddling just now?”
A Giant Savage Palace fellow asked as he looked towards Chen Ping and the others!
“It was me?” Chen Ping slowly opened his mouth “You guys are going a bit too far by hitting people at the drop of a hat, besides, we paid money to ride the teleportation array, since we spent money, we are the customers, your breadwinners and butterwomen.”
“Are there any of you who treat your breadwinners and butterwomen like this? If none of us come to sit in this teleportation array, how will you Giant Barbarian Palace earn money? By then, you stupid big guys will starve to death.”
Chen Ping was a mouthful of output at that Giant Barbarian Palace!
Chen Ping’s words spoke to the hearts of many cultivators, and they couldn’t help but applaud Chen Ping!
At this moment, those two Giant Barbarian Palace fellows were enraged, a tyrannical aura erupted from their bodies, their eyes glaring at Chen Ping like bull’s eyes!
Just when the two guys were about to make a move on Chen Ping, suddenly a cold and arrogant voice rang out “Who dares to talk about our Giant Barbarian Palace in such a manner, do you not want to live?”
Along with the voice, followed by a strong wind whistling past the heads of the crowd, the violent hurricane kept whistling, blowing many cultivators backward, and there were even others who were directly blown over on the ground!
Subsequently a figure landed in front of Chen Ping, the two Giant Savage Palace disciples immediately knelt down and saluted after seeing the person who had come “My subordinates pay their respects to the young palace master ……”
Chen Ping, on the other hand, his eyes were slightly narrowed as he sized up the visitor, this person was also very tall, the clothes on his body were also gorgeous, and the main thing was that on this guy’s nose, he even had two nose rings, just like a buffalo!
And this person also looked at Chen Ping with a cold and arrogant expression, his eyes full of disdain.