If an ordinary person were to pa*s by here, they wouldn’t dare to take a single step!
Just as Chen Ping was spreading out his divine sense and constantly probing his surroundings, there were likewise several auras that were enveloping towards Chen Ping and the others!
Chen Ping was probing those people, and those people were also probing Chen Ping!
All of them were probing each other, but no one made a move, everyone knew that the 10,000 year medicinal herbs were not yet out of the world, so to make a fight at this time and waste energy would be a foolish one!
“Hum ……”
Hu Pazzi also felt a breath probing them, so he picked up a talisman, then drew his finger around on it, and a soft breath instantly followed Chen Ping and their own breath and fused together!
This would conceal part of Chen Ping’s true strength, and at this time, they could not let the other side know their true strength, otherwise there would be no suspense!
After Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu and Zhou Jie to the place where the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb was about to emerge, they stopped, and there were quite a few people also approaching towards this place, it looked like many people had guessed where the general Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb was going to emerge.
“Chen Ping, you are the Dragon Sect Master, but you have come to such a poor and remote place?”
Zhu Hao brought several people with him, and then walked up to Chen Ping and asked.
“Even you, the young master of the Southwest Zhu Family, have come here, what can’t I come for!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
As he spoke, Chen Ping’s divine sense instantly covered the old man Zhu Hao had brought with him!
This was because Chen Ping could tell that of the people Zhu Hao had brought with him, only that old man was the most powerful.
Just as Chen Ping was emitting his divine sense, probing the strength of that old man!
Suddenly an appalling aura burst forth from that old man’s body, causing Chen Ping to jump in fright!
“The peak strength of a Grand Martial Marquis?”
Chen Ping’s heart shook.
Pocky Hu and Zhou Jie all turned pale, obviously because they too had felt that aura just now.
Seeing Chen Ping’s expression, Zhu Hao smiled coldly, “Chen Ping, this place is not like Kyoto, there are people in Kyoto to cover you, but not here. If you are here for that 10,000 year old herb, I advise you to leave quickly!”
“If not, with so many people eyeing the Ten Thousand Year Herb, you won’t get your turn, so don’t blame me for not informing you!”
When Chen Ping heard that, he couldn’t help but smile slightly, “Then I have to thank you, Sir Zhu, but I like to have a good time, where there are many people, I like to go there!”
Seeing that Chen Ping did not listen to advice, Zhu Hao said, “Chen Ping, let me tell you the truth, this ten thousand year medicinal herb our Zhu family has taken, I hope you will not stand in our way, or else ……”
Zhu Hao said with a murderous aura emanating from his body.
“The Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb is a masterless object, anyone can take it, are you threatening me by saying so?”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, his face turned cold!
A powerful sense of oppression instantly caused that Zhu Hao’s body to tremble and his face to change slightly!
Seeing this, the old man beside Zhu Hao directly defeated that powerful sense of oppression from Chen Ping, which allowed Zhu Hao to catch his breath a little!
Chen Ping glanced at that old man and didn’t say anything, but turned around and left, he didn’t want to follow that Zhu Hao into a conflict just yet!
“Chen Ping, it seems that taking that ten thousand year old herb this time is really a bit difficult, I don’t know if so many experts will fall for it later.”
Hu Ma Zi whispered to Chen Ping.
“Fooled by what?”
Zhou Jie asked with a curious look on her face.
Because Zhou Jie wasn’t there when Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu to discuss countermeasures, she didn’t know that Chen Ping and the others were planning to steal the beam!
Pocky Hu didn’t explain, nor did he look at Zhou Jie!
This made Zhou Jie feel a little uncomfortable, not understanding what was wrong with Pocky Hu?
“Could it be that he has found out that he is going against them?”
Zhou Jie began to drum inwardly!