“Long Xingxu, take down the painting for me ……”
When Long Xiao saw that the painting was actually able to change the scenery by itself, he knew that it must be a treasure and immediately ordered Long Xing Xu.
Long Xiao was afraid that there was a mechanism, so he ordered Long Xing Xu to fetch the painting!
Long Xingxu frowned, but dared not disobey, so he could only walk towards the painting with a stiff head.
“Stop him!” Zhao Barging hurriedly brought his two Martial Sect experts to stop Long Xingxu.
“Shame on you, this place is what Brother Chen fought to get in, if it wasn’t for Brother Chen, none of you would have been able to get in, this painting should be Brother Chen’s, what’s the difference between you grabbing it now and following the bandits?”
Zhao Beng questioned at Long Xiao.
“sh*t, the trial is based on merit, whoever gets it is the one who gets it, you’re f*cking worthy of lecturing me?”
Long Xiao raised his eyebrows, then looked at Xuan Yuan Kai, “Xuan Yuan Kai, you lead someone to teach this guy a lesson, when we get out, I won’t treat you badly!”
Xuan Yuan Kai nodded, “Thank you, Lord Long ……”
After Xuan Yuan Kai finished speaking, he led the Xuan Yuan family’s men and attacked directly towards Zhao Barging.
Zhao Barging could only bring his two Martial Sect men and followed Xuan Yuan Kai in the fight.
Long Xiao winked towards Long Xingxu and told him to take the painting off as soon as possible.
When Zhao Beng saw Long Xingxu go to take off the painting, there was nothing he could do even though he was anxious, dealing with Xuan Yuan Kai’s attack was enough of a headache for Zhao Beng, he was almost a decoration, relying on the two Martial Sects under him to support him.
Dong Jiahao glanced at Chen Ping and found that Chen Ping did not move, did not even blink, and became the same again, sighing helplessly.
When he saw that Long Xingxu was about to pick the painting, Dong Jiahao’s body lengthened, followed by a wave of his palm, and a huge surge of powerful qi, directly knocked Long Xingxu out.
“Dong Jiahao, what are you doing?”
Long Xiao saw this and said with a cold face.
“Long Xiao, shame on you, if this tomb hadn’t been for Chen Ping’s desperate rush through that spell formation, which of you would have been able to enter? Now you’re taking advantage of someone’s danger, knowing that Chen Ping is injured, and you even make a move to grab the painting?”
Dong Jiahao said as he looked at Long Xiao with contempt on his face.
“Dong Jiahao, this is our Kyoto Martial Alliance’s trial, it has nothing to do with you in the slightest, and you are not qualified to interfere in our trial, have you forgotten how you followed Director Guo’s a*surance when you came in?”
Long Xiao said with a slight gaze in his eyes.
“Guarantee your mother, I just don’t like to see it, I just want to stop you, what do you want?”
Dong Jiahao was full of disdain as he cursed at Long Xiao.
“You …………”
Long Xiao was full of anger from the scolding and slapped his palm at Dong Jiahao!
“You seek death, I will fulfill you ……” Long Xiao’s anger-laden slap contained an endless and huge amount of powerful Qi.
The strong wind whistled, Dong Jiahao’s face changed slightly and his body fiercely retreated backwards.
He knew that he was no match for Long Xiao, so if he were to follow him and fight hard, it would be like seeking death!
As Dong Jiahao’s body burst back, a Dong Family Martial Sect directly blocked in front of Dong Jiahao and followed Long Xiao with a fierce palm strike.
Both of them were seventh grade Martial Sects, and after the slap, both of them retreated several steps at the same time.
“Let’s go together and abolish them ……”
The aura on Long Xiao’s body erupted, and a burst of light began to glow above his two palms.
“Humph, don’t measure yourself ……”
Dong Jiahao snorted coldly.
Behind him were two Seventh Grade Martial Sects, while on Long Xiao’s side, only Long Xiao was a Seventh Grade Martial Sect, the other two Long Family underlings were Fifth Grade, and as for the Third Grade Martial Sect, Long Xingxu, there was no need to count.
For a while, the whole chamber was in a melee, and Dong Jiahao, who could have had the advantage, had to take care of Zhao Beng’s side, so the two sides fought half and half, and could not tell the winner for a short time.
At this moment, Chen Ping was standing at one side, like a wooden man, not moving, not even blinking his eyes.