When Chen Ping walked into the end of the cave, he found that the cave was very large, and the inside was like a big hall, and there were many sculptures, which were old and covered with dust!
Apart from these sculptures, the stone walls around the cave also seemed to have been carved with something, but it was no longer clear.
Chen Ping was disappointed and walked backwards, originally thinking that even if this was not an exit, it should be a relic or something, after all, it was marked on the wordless book of heaven!
But now there was nothing, so of course Chen Ping was disappointed!
When Chen Ping returned to the entrance of the cave, he found that Su Yuqi and the three of them had actually come in too!
“Didn’t I tell you three to wait outside? Why have you come in too, what if there is danger here?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping reprimanded the three of them!
“It was because we were afraid that you would be in danger that we came in ……”
Su Yuqi said.
With these words, Su Yuqi rendered Chen Ping speechless!
“Brother Chen Ping, are there any good things inside this cave?”
Xiao Ru asked Chen Ping as she glanced towards the dark cave.
“Nothing much, nothing but some broken sculptures!”
Chen Ping said as he shook his head in dismay.
“Let’s go in and have a look ……”
Wu Mei’er said with great curiosity.
“There’s nothing, what’s there to see?” Chen Ping didn’t want to walk in anymore!
“I want to go in and have a look too, Brother Chen, let’s go in and have a look at it!”
Xiao Ru pulled on Chen Ping’s arm and pouted!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only nod helplessly and said, “Alright ……”
Soon, the four people resumed walking towards the cave.
“So this is called the Endless Cave, this name is so corny ……”
Xiao Ru looked up at the name on the top of the cave and counted.
And that Wu Mei’er looked up to the top of the cave and suddenly lowered her head again, followed by her face turning Pei red!
No one noticed this change in Wu Mei’er’s expression!
Chen Ping was in the front, using the spirit fire to light the way for the three people!
And Su Yuqi, who was walking behind, was getting hotter and hotter, sweat constantly falling low on her forehead!
By Su Yuqi’s side, Xiao Ru’s body was shivering slightly, as if it was cold inside the cave!
Only Wu Mei’er, who was walking at the end, had her face Pei red and was biting her lips to death, as if she had seen something unbearable!
Chen Ping, who was walking in front, didn’t notice the three people the same at all!
All the way to the bottom of the cave, Chen Ping waved his hand and said, “Look guys, there’s nothing inside this cave except a few broken statues, right?”
“I won’t lie to you guys and have to come in to see it all over again, so feel free to look around!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and was about to find a place to sit down and rest when he suddenly noticed that something was wrong with all three girls!
“Yuqi, what’s wrong with you?”
Looking at Su Yuqi, who was sweating profusely, Chen Ping hurriedly went up to her and asked.
“I’m fine, it’s just that it’s so hot in a hurry, why is it so hot here?”
Su Yuqi kept wiping the sweat from her forehead!
“Is it hot here?” Chen Ping was puzzled and went up and gently touched Su Yuqi’s forehead!
But it was this touch that directly burned Chen Ping and made him dodge away!
He knew that Chen Ping’s physical body was so strong that even when he was standing inside the lava, he could feel nothing!
But having just touched Su Yuqi’s forehead for a moment, he felt the scorching heat!
On the other hand, Xiao Ru, on the other side, was shivering and hugging tightly into a ball, “It’s so cold, it’s so cold here ……”
On Xiao Ru’s hair and eyebrows, frost had actually formed on them.
“Xiao Ru ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly stepped forward to take off his clothes and draped them over Xiao Ru!
“Brother Chen Ping, it’s too cold here ……” Xiao Ru stepped forward and grabbed Chen Ping!
When Xiao Ru touched Chen Ping, Chen Ping only felt a piercing coldness that instantly entered his body!
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
At this moment, Chen Ping was in a panic, he didn’t understand what was wrong with Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru!
Was there something strange about this cave?