Kyoto, Ge family!
Ge Fuhai said to Ge Jiayi, “Jiayi, pick out some valuable gifts and send them over to Mr. Chen’s Dragon Gate on the day he holds the ceremony.”
“Dad, I’ve already prepared them, the family coffers have already been emptied by me!”
Ge Jiayi said with a heated smile.
“What are you doing emptying the coffers?”
Ge Fuhai was filled with astonishment!
“From now on, I am Chen Ping’s person, Chen Ping’s Dragon Gate is also mine, of course I have to get more things over there now ah ……”
Ge Jiayi said without the slightest bit of shyness.
When Ge Fuhai heard this, his heart was a little heavy because he knew Chen Ping’s true identity and how his own daughter was worthy of Chen Ping.
But if Chen Ping really got together with Ge Jiayi, then Ge Fuhai and his lineage would get a big boost in the Ge family’s status.
“It’s true that women are too big to stay ……”
Ge Fuhai let out a bitter laugh as he decided to leave Ge Jiayi alone and let her go free to pursue Chen Ping!
Just then, a Ge family subordinate came to report, “Family head, there is a young man seeking an audience, saying that he is from the Jiang family.”
“The Jiang family?”
Ge Fuhai frowned slightly, then waved his hand and said, “Let him in!”
Soon, a young man dressed in casual clothes with somewhat tanned skin walked in.
“Junior Jiang Wei, pay my respects to Uncle Ge ……”
Jiang Wei bowed towards Ge Fuhai and said.
“Jiang Wei?” Ge Fuhai was somewhat familiar with this name and said after thinking for a moment, “I remember, you’re that Jiang Wei from the Jiang family in the northwest, the one who defeated dozens of people in a row and made a splash?”
Jiang Wei smiled awkwardly, “That’s me, but in front of Uncle Ge, I’m just a small skill!”
Ge Fuhai shook his head, “Your strength is much stronger than mine, you are now at the realm of Great Martial Marquis, and being so young, your future achievements are limitless.”
“But my Ge family doesn’t seem to have any friendship with your Jiang family in the northwest, I wonder what is the purpose of your visit to my Ge family this time?”
Ge Fuhai did not remember that their Ge family had any friendship with the Jiang family, and did not know why this Jiang Wei had come to his house.
Jiang Wei smiled lightly, “Uncle Ge doesn’t know about the Jiang family, but you should always know about the Tian Luo House, right?”
Jiang Wei’s words caused Ge Fuhai’s eyes to snap open, “Your Jiang family is the spokesperson for the Tian Luo House?”
Ge Fuhai knew that the many powerful clans that had suddenly appeared recently must be the spokespersons of some clan within the major mysteries!
But Ge Fuhai did not know that behind these clans and families was the power in the secret realm!
But when this Jiang Wei spoke of the Heavenly Law House, Ge Fuhai instantly understood!
Because only a spokesperson would know about the things in the secret realm.
The Heavenly Law Tower followed the Ge family, like the Ge family, in the same mysterious realm of the Leaving Position, which was the Fire Gate!
In the secret realm, the Ge family and the Tian Luo House had worked together a few times and had some kind of friendship.
So this Jiang Wei found the Ge family and called out to Ge Fuhai as Uncle Ge, there was no excuse for that!
“Uncle Ge, my Jiang family is precisely the spokesperson of the Heavenly Law Tower in the secular world, our Jiang family has been hidden in the martial world for hundreds of years, and only recently did we choose to make a high-profile comeback.”
Jiang Wei truthfully followed Ge Fuhai and said.
After all, all these things were known to everyone, and there was no need for Jiang Wei to hide them!
Looking at Jiang Wei’s strength, Ge Fuhai let out a bitter smile and said, “Originally, I thought that our Ge family had held back well enough, but I didn’t think that those other spokesperson families would still be able to hold back!”
Ge Fuhai had chosen to gain a foothold in the Kyoto Martial Dao Realm, not asking about world affairs and living in seclusion, also because the various lives and resources in the Kyoto Martial Dao Realm were better than other places!
However, he did not expect that so many spokesman families would choose to live in seclusion in very remote places, remote places where resources were significantly more scarce, yet under such circumstances, among these families, they were still able to produce experts like the Grand Martial Marquis!
Ge Fuhai could not help but look at Ge Jiayi, he felt that he was a failure, no matter from any aspect,……