What are you …… doing looking at me, I said long ago that this guy won t be simple, or else the Demon Sealing Alliance wouldn t have taken out a hundred years of offerings.”
The bearded cultivator hurriedly said!
Divine Doctor Liu was speechless for a while, he also did not expect Chen Ping to be so powerful, the second rank of the Transition Realm had killed the sixth rank of the Transition Realm cultivator in one move!
Wasn’t this a bit outrageous?
“It’s a mistake, we’ve been fooled, we’ve definitely been fooled, this guy isn’t any Chen Ping at all, it must be that the Soul Demon Sect knew that I had cheated them out of their Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, so they deliberately pulled such a stunt.”
“He must be an expert that the Soul Demon Sect found and then lured us out ……”
Divine Doctor Liu roared!
He didn’t believe that Chen Ping, a second grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, really had this kind of ability, and it was likely that it was a trap to begin with!
That Zheng Jian had also told them on purpose, in order to get them to make a move!
In that case, even if they were all killed, they would only have themselves to blame for making the first move!
“Could this be a trap ……”
When the bearded cultivator heard Divine Doctor Liu say so, he also looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
Although Chen Ping did not know what Divine Doctor Liu meant by a trap, he smiled faintly and said, “I am the Chen Ping you are looking for, why are you saying otherwise now?”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his appearance slowly began to change and soon turned into his original appearance!
Seeing this scene, the corners of Divine Doctor Liu’s mouth twitched and his face became even more ugly!
While the bearded cultivator gritted his teeth and said “Divine Doctor Liu, don’t deceive yourself and others at this time, this guy is Chen Ping, we only have to fight for our lives, as the saying goes, if we can kill this Chen Ping, the 100 year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance will allow us to ask for the whole of the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
Hearing the Inquisition of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, Divine Doctor Liu looked shocked, then nodded his head and said “Good, let’s do it together, we must kill him, today either he dies or we die ……”
<br> “I don’t believe it, you three Transition Realm Sixth Grade, plus me, a Transition Realm Fifth Grade, can’t kill him, a Transition Realm Second Grade minor cultivator!”
Divine Doctor Liu regained his self-confidence, and the aura on his body was rising!
“Brothers, do it together, don’t leave room for anyone ……”
The bearded cultivator said to the other two!
“Good ……”
The other two cultivators all nodded their heads and exploded their strongest auras!
Chen Ping looked at the four people in front of him who had all made sufficient preparations and did not have any panic, but instead said with a hint of disdain in his eyes “Since you all want to die, then don’t blame me ……”
“Young man, kill them, the first time to absorb the death aura of a few people, I stay inside your sea of consciousness, there is no resource at all, it is estimated that without waiting for me to recover my memories to remake my physical body, this wisp of residual soul will perish.”
At this time, the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s residual soul in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness could not get anything, not only could not get anything, but also had to be fearful of worrying about the Great Luo Golden Dictionary in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, if this was not good, the Great Luo Golden Dictionary was opened, and this residual soul of his was going to be annihilated in the ashes!
Chen Ping listened to the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch and nodded his head, “Good, I will absorb some more dead qi in the future, so maybe you will be able to slowly recover your memories on your own!”
Chen Ping had just finished following the Red Cloud Demon Monarch when he realised that the bearded cultivator with his men had already struck!
Only to see that bearded cultivator shouting, his palms instantly filled with infinite flames, then rose up in the air, the flames instantly transformed into three beasts towards Chen Ping!
The other two cultivators also struck at the same time, and the blazing flames that covered the sky, surged from Chen Ping in all directions, transforming into a fierce beast!
It was obvious that these three demonic cultivators were all from the Inferno Demon Clan, and the ones that were used were demonic supreme flames, except that these supreme flames were not pure at all in Chen Ping’s opinion!
Perhaps these devil cultivators were all branches of the Yan Devil lineage, so it was normal for their techniques to be impure and their fire to be impure!