“So you’re not dead, so you’re not dead ……”
Ji Ru Xue cried out in joy.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, wanted to raise his hand to gently pat Ji Ruxue, but found that he could not move his hand at all.
Chen Ping was shocked and hurriedly tried to sit up, but found that he could not move his legs either.
Apart from controlling his head, he could not control his whole body at all.
At this moment, Chen Ping panicked.
He was surprised to find that the golden pellet inside him had turned into a small golden man.
The little golden man was so lifelike that it looked exactly like himself!
“This …… is this the firstborn?”
Chen Ping almost shouted out in excitement.
He didn’t expect that he had been blessed by the disaster and had broken through to the realm of the firstborn.
At this moment, Chen Ping remembered the last battle he had followed Ning Hai.
Ning Hai had shattered his dantian and jindan!
“Could it be that breaking through to the realm of the Firstborn requires breaking the golden pellet?”
Chen Ping pondered, “This might be called not breaking it?”
Chen Ping seemed to know why he had always failed to break through, he had never even thought about breaking his golden pellet, much less breaking through the YuanYing, which required such an opportunity!
Right now, Chen Ping was like a small horse crossing the river, a lot of things had to be figured out by himself before he could do so.
Ji Ru Xue raised her head and looked at Chen Ping who had come to life, not to mention how happy she was.
“Don’t worry about crying, help me up ah ……”
Chen Ping said to Ji Ruxue.
When Ji Ru Xue heard this, she froze and said, “Chen Ping, you can’t get up, you can only lie down, all the bones in your body have been broken ……”
Chen Ping frowned, no wonder why he couldn’t control his body, it turned out that all the bones of his whole body were shattered.
Then what was the use of having broken through to the realm of YuanYing?
Seeing Chen Ping’s look, Ji Ruxue hurriedly said, “Don’t worry, I will go and find medicine for you, even if I can’t cure you, I will still feed you and keep you for the rest of your life ……”
Looking at Ji Ruxue like this, Chen Ping had mixed feelings inside, he could not say what he felt.
He could see that Ji Ruxue was sincere about himself, but Chen Ping did not dare to move against Ji Ruxue.
Su Yuqi was still suffering, and he had to get Su Yuqi out before he could do so.
If by that time, Su Yuqi could accept Ji Ruixue, he himself might be able to move on Ji Ruixue.
Just then, a dark cloud suddenly drifted in the sky, blocking out the moon in the sky.
The soft moonlight from Chen Ping’s body also disappeared.
Click …………
Suddenly, a thunderbolt struck down, and it struck Chen Ping’s body just in time.
In an instant, Chen Ping’s skin split open and a mushy, charred smell filled the air.
“Chen Ping …………”
Ji Ru Xue was shocked, Chen Ping had barely survived before he was struck by lightning.
Ji Ru Xue wanted to go up and carry Chen Ping into the room.
“Don’t move, back off, this is a thunderstorm …………”
Chen Ping shouted at Ji Ru Xue to back off!
Chen Ping knew that this was a lightning tribulation, since he had broken through to the YuanYing realm, there would definitely be a lightning tribulation.
And at this moment, Chen Ping was incomparably outward towards the thunder tribulation.
After the lightning tribulation, it would reshape his flesh, and by then the broken bones in Chen Ping’s body would be as good as new.
Moreover, after the thunder tribulation, Chen Ping’s fleshly body would become even stronger!
“Lightning Tribulation?”
Ji Ru Xue was confused, not understanding what a thunder tribulation was.
After all, a martial artist crossing a realm did not need any thunder tribulation, so it was normal for Ji Ruxue to not know.
Chen Ping’s divine sense instantly entered his body and found that the firstborn, at this moment, was actually also struck by a lightning light.
The baby then emitted a burst of golden light!
Chen Ping’s body also began to flicker with a dotted light, and a terrifying aura descended from the sky!
Ka-ching …………