Chen Ping thought for a moment, then said, “This God King’s bow can be given to you, only that you can’t pull this bow and arrow at all, and when it comes to your hands, it will be a waste …… of time.”
“Can’t pull it?”Lin Kefan froze, “Then can you pull it open!”
“My Divine King Bow, of course I can ……”
Chen Ping said!
“Since you can, then so can I ……”
Lin Kefan said and directly hitched his bow and started pulling the bowstring!
But no matter how hard Lin Kefan tried, the God King’s Bow surprisingly really didn’t move at all, it couldn’t be pulled at all!
Even when Lin Kefan finally used all his strength, it was still useless!
This time, it made Lin Kefan a little shocked!
The Flower Scepter Weng and Ink Killing Shadow were also looking on incredulously, although the Divine King Bow was called a divine weapon, it wasn’t so bad that even the Immortalisation Realm cultivators couldn’t use it, right?
But Chen Ping was clearly only a Mahayana realm cultivator, so why could he!
“I’ve told you that you can’t pull it, so don’t waste your strength.”
Chen Ping brought the God King Bow over!
“Try pulling it ……”
Lin Kefan was undeterred, he wanted to see how Chen Ping could pull the God King Bow!
“Alright, let me show you ……”
Chen Ping walked out of the room with the Divine King Bow, and Lin Kefan’s three rushed to follow!
Only Chen Ping strung his bow and aimed at the void, and then one finger gently hooked the bowstring, accompanied by the surge of Dao Pattern Fatal Qi within Chen Ping’s body!
The Divine King’s bow was pulled, and countless points of light were gathering around it, finally forming an arrow feather!
Whoosh!
Chen Ping let go of the bowstring, and the arrow feather turned into a stream of light that shot straight into the sky, and the entire void was cut with a black mark, as if it had been torn apart in its entirety!
The three of them, Lin Kefan, watched in awe, their minds dumbfounded!
The power of this arrow just now, the three of them were afraid that none of them would be able to block it!
“Ah …………”
A sudden scream came from the sky!
A black shadow then quickly fell and landed heavily in front of Chen Ping and the others!
Chen Ping they rushed to look over and found that it was a cultivator, however this cultivator had a large hole in his chest and had long since lost his voice!
It was obvious that the hole in his body was caused by Chen Ping’s arrow!
The three of them, Lin Kefan, looked at Chen Ping, while Chen Ping had an embarrassed look on his face!
“This is too coincidental, mistaken injury, purely mistaken injury ……”
Chen Ping said as he squatted down and searched the cultivator’s body, collecting all the storage pouches from the cultivator’s body.
Immediately after that, Chen Ping casually waved his hand, and that cultivator’s body instantly flew away in ashes, leaving only a deep pit in the courtyard!
“This idiot, blind eyes not open, he was the one who bumped into it, he deserved to die ……”
Mo Killing Shadow said as he helped Chen Ping to excuse himself!
“Yes, yes, yes, this guy is just unlucky, it has nothing to do with following Fellow Daoist Chen!”
Seeing this, the Flower Staff Weng also rushed to open his mouth!
As the saying goes, the mouth of the eater is short, the hand of the taker is short, since he chose to share things, he could only side with Chen Ping!
“A brainless cultivator like this, dead is dead ……”
Lin Kefan also spoke up, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Brother Chen, don’t have any mental burdens, you’re not to blame for this! Look at what good things that guy has in his storage bag, let’s split it.”
Chen Ping was stunned, he didn’t expect these few people to help speak for themselves, it turned out that they wanted to share things!
“Good, as the saying goes, meet and share half of it, since you guys are looking at it, that stuff has your share as well.”
Chen Ping took out the various treasures and resources in that cultivator’s storage bag.
In this cultivator’s storage bag, apart from some spirit stones, the most that was in it was various immortal herbs!
It was assumed that this was a pharmacist who had been picking herbs everywhere and had flown over the Xiao Imperial Dynasty today and was shot down by Chen Ping with an arrow!
“You guys take these spirit stones, as for this immortal grass, I will refine it into pills before distributing them to you.”
“If you consume these immortal herbs directly, the potency will be greatly reduced ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly sacrificed the Divine Nong Cauldron!