“Nonsense, even if the Ancestral Ground opens, is that something we can go in? But you guys can go in and ask Tai Ancestor what’s going on then, why did the Ancestral Ground suddenly open early?”
Ji Lianjun also wanted to know what was going on, except that the Ancestral Ground was not something they could go in, only the juniors of the Ji Family bloodline could enter!
“Big brother, now that the Ancestral Ground has suddenly opened and we haven’t made any preparations, I think we need to go back and discuss who we need to let in this time is more appropriate.”
Ji Lianying said to Ji Lian Jun!
Ji Lian Jun nodded and then ordered someone to guard the ancestral land, while everyone else returned to the hall!
Because the opening of the Ancestral Ground was too sudden, there was no one set to enter at all!
The juniors of the Ji Family were not just a few children of Ji Lian Jun and Ji Lian Ying, the juniors of the Ji Family’s side branches added together were dozens of people!
Therefore, every time the Ancestral Ground opened, the junior personnel who would enter the Ancestral Ground would be set in advance, and not all of them could enter at once!
But this time, the opening was too sudden, so there was a need to discuss the entry personnel beforehand!
“Dad, what about Sixth Brother? If Sixth Brother is allowed to enter, then his identity will need to be exposed.”
Ji Cheng whispered in Ji Lian Jun’s ear!
After all, right now, Ji Yun’s identity was still only that of a pharmacist who had been invited to treat the old master of the Ji family, so if he wanted to enter the Ancestral Ground, he would need to make his identity public before he could do so!
But once it was made public, then Ji Yun would also be bound to be involved in the next fight of the Ji Family, and Ji Lian Jun didn’t want to let Ji Yun risk getting involved in it!
“Don’t reveal your sixth brother’s identity first, as for how to enter the Ancestral Ground, I’ll figure it out ……”
Ji Lian Jun barked at Ji Cheng!
Ji Cheng nodded and did not say anything else!
What the Ji Family was saying in the hall, Chen Ping did not know, after all, he was not a member of the Ji Family, nor was he qualified to participate in the internal meetings of the Ji Family!
“Mr Chen, the sudden opening of the Ji family’s ancestral land is actually an opportunity for you ah, there is a masterless origin in there.”
Ji Yun said beside Chen Ping!
Ji Yun was able to see Chen Ping’s yearning for the Ji family’s ancestral land!
Chen Ping smiled faintly “This is your Ji family’s ancestral land, outsiders are not allowed to enter, but you should be able to go in, take advantage of the opportunity this time.”
“Mr Chen, rules are also made by people, when the time comes, I will talk to my eldest uncle and see if I can allow you to enter as well, after all, you saved grandpa’s life.”
Ji Yun hoped that Chen Ping would be able to enter, Ji Yun knew that Chen Ping would definitely be able to benefit greatly from entering the Ji family’s ancestral land!
“Don’t mind me, make some adjustments yourself, when your grandfather recovers, it’s time for us to leave, we can’t tarry here for too long.”
Chen Ping smiled and patted Ji Yun’s shoulder, not allowing Ji Yun to be worrying about himself!
However, Chen Ping’s eyes looking towards the Ji Family’s ancestral land did carry a yearning, but he couldn’t let Ji Yun beg Ji Lian Jun because of himself, this was someone’s family’s rule, how could Ji Yun break it as soon as he came!
In the evening, the people of the Ji family discussed the results, and also confirmed the list of those entering the Ji family’s ancestral land!
After it was completely dark, Ji Cheng took a piece of the Ji Clan’s clothing and had Ji Yun change into it, it looked like he was letting Ji Yun take the place of the others to enter the Ancestral Ground!
“Sixth brother, you will enter the Ancestral Ground first thing tomorrow morning, I don’t have a place this time, so let your big sister and second sister take care of you then.”
“Remember, you mix inside the crowd, don’t expose yourself, but after you enter the Ancestral Ground, you’ll be fine, you can’t expose yourself before you enter.”
Ji Cheng instructed Ji Yun!
“Big brother, I know!” Ji Yun nodded, then after hesitating, he still opened his mouth to ask “Big brother, our Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground, could it be that only our Ji Family members can enter, outsiders are not allowed to enter?”
“That’s of course, our family’s ancestral land, how can outsiders enter.” Ji Cheng said, then looked at Ji Yun suspiciously “Sixth brother, is there something wrong with you?”
“Oh, nothing.” Ji Yun smiled and shook his head!