The next day!
Chen Ping went to the Shadowless Villa, since he had given Zhao Liguo the Heaven Returning Pill, Chen Ping had not yet seen Zhao Liguo and did not know how Zhao Liguo had recovered.
Apart from taking a look at Zhao Liguo, Chen Ping also had another purpose, which was to ask Zhao Liguo to see if there was any way to excavate that ancient tomb he had found.
Such an ancient tomb was definitely not excavated by Chen Ping alone, not to mention that it was even more difficult to do so without anyone knowing.
Shadowless Villa had been based here for many years, all Chen Ping wanted to hear Zhao Liguo’s opinion.
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had arrived, Zhao Liguo personally went out to greet him and knelt down directly towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping hurriedly reached out and held his hand, and did not let Zhao Liguo kneel down.
“How is your health now?”
Chen Ping asked to Zhao Liguo.
“Mr. Chen, I have recovered now and my strength is at its peak, it is not damaged, thanks to Mr. Chen’s Heaven Returning Pill, Bounding Er has told me all about it ……”
Zhao Liguo replied.
“It’s good that you’ve recovered, I came to see you today because there are some things I want to ask you for your opinion ……”
Chen Ping said in a straightforward manner.
“Then let’s talk in the house!” Zhao Liguo invited Chen Ping into the room.
After dismissing the left and right, only Chen Ping and Zhao Liguo were left inside the room.
“Hall Master, could it be that you want to ask about Watanabe Ichiro, I heard that you beat that Watanabe Ichiro in the match yesterday.” Zhao Liguo asked.
Chen Ping shook his head and then told Zhao Liguo about his discovery of the ancient tomb after him.
Such a discovery made Zhao Liguo feel astonished, knowing that in the outskirts of Kyoto, a lot of capable people had explored the area, and there were no ancient tombs at all, let alone imperial tombs, besides, there was a Hu family in Kyoto that made its living by robbing tombs and searching for caves, so if there were really ancient tombs in this vicinity, how could the Hu family not know about it?
“Hall Master, can you be sure that it’s really an ancient tomb?”
Zhao Liguo confirmed again.
“I can be sure!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
Zhao Liguo fell into deep thought, and after a moment, his face was puzzled, “Hall Master, if you want to secretly excavate this ancient tomb by yourself, I’m afraid it will be harder than climbing to the top, this is Kyoto, and that ancient tomb is near the tombs of the emperors, if you excavate it, it will be hard not to be discovered.”
Chen Ping actually felt that it was a bit difficult, after all, that place was crowded with people, and it was also a tourist attraction, so it was almost impossible to cover people’s ears.
“In that case, we can only talk about it later. Fortunately, that ancient tomb was hidden by me with a formation, so ordinary people can’t detect it.”
Chen Ping said helplessly.
“Hall Master, this kind of emperor’s tomb, generally the above does not allow private excavation, even if it is found, it is of little use, but you can use the discovery of this emperor’s tomb to go a favor then, maybe this year’s trial, you can be given a place.” Zhao Liguo said.
“Trial? What trial?” Chen Ping looked puzzled.
“It’s the official cooperation with the Martial Alliance to select a relic where many young martial artists can experience, it’s also considered such an event that the official has created in order to enlist the hearts of people ……”
Zhao Liguo told Chen Ping in detail about the annual trial.
After hearing this, Chen Ping was immediately interested, and at the same time, the official did this to really enlist some people’s hearts, and at the same time, it could also reduce the fights of the major sects.
After spending half a day at the Shadowless Villa, Chen Ping then left for the group competition in three days’ time, it looked like Zhao Wuji was still worried, so Chen Ping now had to make good use of his time to recover and reach his best form by then to protect those members of the Guardian Pavilion from harm, these people had followed Zhao Wuji for many years through birth and death, so it was no wonder that Zhao Wuji was worried.