Nie Heng’s psychological defences had completely collapsed, and now he was like a dog in distress, begging Chen Ping bitterly, willing to do whatever he was told to do as long as Chen Ping didn’t kill him!
“Give me a reason not to kill you and listen ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Nie Heng with a playful expression!
When Nie Heng heard this, his mind was racing, he wanted Chen Ping not to kill him, he had to give information that would be useful to Chen Ping to do so!
And right now, the only thing that could move Chen Ping was resources, because in the Celestial Realm, resources were greater than everything, and who didn’t want to have a large amount of resources that could quickly raise their cultivation!
“Chen Ping, as long as you don’t kill me, I can find a way to get you all the resources and pills of the Jade Tripod Sect, once you have these resources, you can definitely break through the Transformation Realm and ascend to the Harmony Realm, I promise ……”
Nie Heng knew that only resources would make Chen Ping like it!
“You’re just a disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect, you can get me all the resources of the Jade Tripod Sect?”
Chen Ping sneered, he knew that this Nie Heng was just talking nonsense to stay alive!
“You don’t know anything, I’m a great disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect, a Jade Tripod Sect heir handed down by my master, and as long as my master dies, I’ll be the Jade Tripod Sect Master.”
“When I become the Patriarch, then all the resources of the Jade Tripod Sect will be yours.”
Nie Heng hurriedly explained!
But Chen Ping still laughed coldly and said “If I kill you now and then go and destroy the Jade Tripod Sect, all the resources of your Jade Tripod Sect will be mine as well, so why should I wait for you to become the sect leader, wouldn’t that be taking my trousers off and farting?”
Nie Heng opened his mouth, wanting to say that it was impossible for Chen Ping to exterminate the Jade Tripod Sect, but now, how could he dare to annoy Chen Ping, so he didn’t say the words after all!
However, Nie Heng still said politely “You don’t know, my master is now at the third level of the Harmonious Body Realm, he …………”
Chen Ping interrupted Nie Heng with a wave of his hand “Even if it’s the third rank of the Harmonious Body Realm, I can still kill it, are you doubting my strength?”
“No, no, no, no, I would never dare to doubt your strength, I’ve already seen it, your strength is absolutely fine to kill the third grade of the Combined Body realm.”
“But there are two more senior uncles in our Jade Tripod Sect who are at the same realm as my master, and I heard that in our Jade Tripod Sect’s forbidden place, there is also a supreme elder sitting in the town who has never shown his face!”
“So, it is not easy to destroy the Jade Tripod Sect, besides, our Jade Tripod Sect has a medicine pond, if one can take a dip inside the pond, one can be transformed and one’s strength will increase drastically.”
“Only the method to open the Pill Pond is only known to successive Patriarchs, and the Pill Pond can only be opened once every three years.”
“Our Jade Tripod Sect also has a Medicine Pond, and I heard that it is all filled with ancient relic pills, even my master has not seen many of them.”
Nie Heng followed Chen Ping as he talked about the various resources of the Jade Tripod Sect, it was the only way to get Chen Ping to move!
“What’s the point of you telling me this? I don’t have time to wait for you to ascend to the position of sect master.”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, knowing that all of what Nie Heng was saying was just to save his life!
“No, there’s no need for me to ascend to the position of Patriarch, I can take you to the Jade Tripod Sect, and with your strength, Master will definitely value you, and then you’ll be able to follow us in when the Pill Pond opens.”
“As for that Hidden Pill Pavilion, as long as you enter the Jade Tripod Sect, if the two of us cooperate, we can make my master die in an accident, after killing my two senior uncles, by then I will be the patriarch, and this Jade Tripod Sect will be yours ……”
Nie Heng, in order to live, actually even said the words of deceiving his master and destroying his ancestors!
Chen Ping looked at Nie Heng with some surprise, he didn’t expect that Nie Heng, who was all tough at the beginning, would do anything after his mental breakdown at the end!
But Nie Heng’s words were really starting to move Chen Ping a little!