When Ouyang Wufeng saw Zhong Yi step forward, he also put away the frivolity on his face and hurriedly said solemnly, “Senior Ouyang Wufeng pays his respects to Senior Zhong.”
“How is your father Ouyang Xing?”
Zhong asked!
“My father is quite well, he also remembers senior Zhong from time to time and often talks to us about the friendship between the two of you.”
Ouyang Wufeng said!
“Hahaha, friendship my arse, your father is small minded and extra careful, every time he cuts, as long as he loses, he pretends to be fine on the surface, but behind his back he is furious.”
“So much so that in the end, he cultivated evil gongs, trying to rely on this method to win over me, and was finally driven away to Pill God Island.”
“Speaking of which, there is also my responsibility for causing your father to be like he is now!”
Zhong Yi sighed and said!
“Elder Zhong doesn’t need to blame himself, if it wasn’t for you, my father wouldn’t have been able to go to the Pill God Island and wouldn’t have been able to achieve what he has now.”
“This could be the fate of heaven, as the saying goes, the fate of heaven cannot be disobeyed ……”
Ouyang Wufeng was actually comforting Zhong Yi!
“Heaven’s destiny?”Zhong Sheng let out a bitter smile, “Yes, this is the fate of heaven, the fate of all that is destined.”
“Senior Zhong, you don’t need to take the test, I will specially dispatch a spirit boat to escort Senior Zhong to Pill God Island.”
Ouyang Wufeng knew that with Zhong Hui’s strength, it would still be easy to solve the difficult cases on the Medicine Seeker List!
After all, Zhong Emotion was a Pill God, an existence with more strength than his own father!
However, Zhong情 shook his head and said, “I’m not going to Pill God Island, and I’m not interested in that Pill God’s fallen place, I just want to help everyone pass the examination!”
Zhong Qi’s words made it difficult for Ouyang Wufeng!
However, at the beginning, he hadn’t said that he couldn’t accept help!
Zhong Rui could have completely taken the various difficult cases on the Doctor Seeking List and searched for a solution, before using his divine sense to pass it on to the crowd present!
In this way, the crowd would also be able to pass the examination!
Hearing Zhong Yi’s words, the crowd also stirred up a glimmer of hope, if this was possible, they would all be able to go to Pill God Island!
“Senior Zhong, this method is unfair, but since it was Senior Zhong who said it, I can’t be bothered to say anything more.”
Ouyang Wufeng didn’t stop Zhong, after all, the relationship between Zhong and his father, he would have to respectfully address him as an elder yet!
When the crowd saw that Ouyang Wufeng did not stop them, they were all excited!
As for Chen Ping, he was also slightly moved, he also wanted to see, what exactly was the strength of this Zhong情!
To be able to make so many people worship, and to follow the Pill God Island to look like they had a good relationship, this Zhong Sheng wasn’t exactly a person of ten evils!
That Granny Zhen, however, has a knot in her heart and has been running away for decades.
However, this Zhong Sheng should also have recognised his mistakes, and now he is not even interested in going to the Pill God’s Fallen Land!
Cultivation was no longer as important to him as the feelings between a man and a woman!
And most of the Celestial Realm cultivators, cultivation is the first place, even if they are looking for a dual-cultivation couple together, it’s just to make the cultivation speed faster!
Zhong Qi was facing the doctor-seeking list at this time, and all those green messages above were swept past by him in a single glance!
Immediately after that, there was a short period of stagnant silence, followed by a violent opening of his eyes!
A divine sense transmission appeared in Chen Ping’s mind!
“The seventh disease is that when cultivating, too many pills were taken, causing the meridians to be damaged, requiring the use of the Vein Opening Pill to heal them.”
“The thirteenth ailment, is caused by being poisoned, the poison that was placed was the Cold Sentence Dan, although it was to ward off the severe cold, but this person was practicing fire techniques, which caused the chakra to be impassable and the aura to be chaotic, which can be cured by using the Xuan ranked Fire Rhythm Dan ……”
“Article 22 ………………”
“…………”
Zhong Yi said most of the diseases above in detail, even the causes, and what pills and immortal herbs to use for healing!