‘Senior sister Zhu Ling? Could it be that he is the old Sect Master’s daughter?’
Chen Ping asked suspiciously!
‘Yes, this is our old sect master’s only daughter, who has received the old sect master’s true transmission, at one time, quite a few sects and families in the Central Region wanted to come and court, but they were all rejected by Senior Sister Zhu Ling.’
‘I heard that Senior Sister Zhu Ling can’t even look at a man, there are also rumours that she is a lesbian and only likes women ……’
Wei Qing lowered his voice and whispered to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but laugh after hearing this!
People were high and cold and couldn’t look at men, so they were rumoured to be a lesbian.
What kind of logic was this?
‘Senior brother, I’m a little tired and want to take a rest, you’d better take me to a resting place!’
Chen Ping did not want to be listening to Wei Qing’s gossip!
As for whether that Zhu Ling was a lesbian or not, Chen Ping didn’t care and had nothing to do with himself!
‘Okay, I will take you there, and you will stay in my room!’
Wei Qing nodded!
Wei Qing brought Chen Ping to his own small courtyard, because Wei Qing was a deacon disciple, following the ordinary inner disciples was different, so he had his own separate small courtyard!
Although the small courtyard was not big, but it was very exquisite, inside the courtyard there were quite a lot of spiritual flowers and herbs planted, and the spiritual qi was very rich!
And around the courtyard, there are also array patterns, which were also set up by someone!
It was estimated that at the level of a deacon disciple, one could enjoy benefits that ordinary disciples could not!
‘Senior brother, although this courtyard of mine is not as good as that Liu Sh*tong’s, but amongst the deacon disciples of the Purple Flame Sect, it is considered not bad, so you can live here, I’ll go outside and follow the other senior disciples!’
Wei Qing said!
‘Senior brother, there are several rooms in this courtyard, enough for the two of us to live in, why do you still need to go outside, just live together!’
Chen Ping said!
‘Senior brother, although there are rooms, but living together, there will inevitably be disturbances that will affect the cultivation, it’s fine for me to live with the other senior brothers.’
Wei Qing smiled, then walked out!
Chen Ping also did not say much, then closed the door to his room, but rested!
Calling out the two types of Supreme Flames that he had just absorbed and refined, Chen Ping was quenching them!
Especially the Purple Flame Sect’s top secret fire, because that Liu Sh*tong didn’t have too much fire on him, plus Chen Ping was separated and secretly absorbed it, so it was very weak.
Chen Ping slowly nourished and tempered the two types of Supreme Flames, causing the two types of Supreme Flames to slowly begin to become strong!
The five types of Supreme Flames made Chen Ping’s Fire Star extraordinarily bright!
Along with a gentle wave of Chen Ping’s palm, the five types of Supreme Flames jumped out around Chen Ping, various colours of Supreme Flames flickered with light, while the aura of each type of Supreme Flame was very different!
For a moment, Chen Ping’s body was illuminated in all colours by the Supreme Flames, and from the outside, it looked as if coloured lights had been switched on inside the room!
Chen Ping operated the Supreme Flame and then flowed these Supreme Flames through all parts of his body, after which Chen Ping relaxed his mind and allowed the Supreme Flame to scorch his body!
Chen Ping was planning to use the supreme fire to temper his fleshly body, when he followed that Liu Sh*tong in the martial arts competition, the reason why Chen Ping was not afraid of Liu Sh*tong’s supreme fire was because he possessed the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, that was why Chen Ping did not get burnt!
It was not that Chen Ping’s physical body was not afraid of the Supreme Fire, so Chen Ping planned to use the Supreme Fire to quench his physical body himself, if he could achieve a physical body that was not afraid of the Supreme Fire, then it would be really awesome!
However, Chen Ping had just relaxed his mind and allowed himself to be baked by the Supreme Flame, and the intense discomfort almost made Chen Ping not cry out!
This kind of Supreme Flame quenching the body, but there was no defence, it was like throwing an ordinary person inside a fire!
Chen Ping could not use his spiritual energy to form a protection, and even more so, he could not use any other feats to counteract the power of the Supreme Flame!
All Chen Ping needed was to grit his teeth and persevere, only after experiencing the harshest tempering could Chen Ping’s fleshly body manage to defy the Supreme Fire!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, feeling that his body was about to be burnt!