The undead also ignored Chen Ping, as if he didn’t exist!
At this moment, Chen Ping was a bit dumbfounded, how could he not be able to attack the undead in this place!
Only after trying several times in a row did Chen Ping give up.
With his Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, Chen Ping walked bewildered through this place surrounded by mountains, and the white bones on the ground were emitting a cold aura!
Chen Ping didn’t know what had happened here, that so many people had died!
But as Chen Ping kept walking forward, a huge pair of white bones soon appeared in front of Chen Ping, and when Chen Ping saw it, he could not help but suck in a cold breath.
He saw that the skeleton was more than ten metres tall and was still intact, except that the posture of the skeleton was somewhat peculiar, it was actually kneeling on the ground!
The skeleton was crystal clear, shining with a lustrous lustre, and there was also a burst of pressure emanating from the skeleton!
Chen Ping was amazed that this skeleton, apart from being much larger in stature than that Yin Devil’s, had bones that were all kind of crystal clear, almost identical!
But this person of over ten metres in height, Chen Ping had never seen before, even if the other party was in a kneeling position, but Chen Ping had to tilt his head back if he wanted to see the skeleton in its entirety!
But just as Chen Ping tilted his head to look, he found that in the place of that skull, an equally crystal-clear arrow was stuck right in the center of that skull’s brow!
If Chen Ping hadn’t looked closely, he wouldn’t have been able to spot it at all!
Only when Chen Ping floated his body up until it was level with the skull did he realise that the crystal-clear arrow, only a few inches long, had been stuck right in the skull’s brow, and it was clear that the owner of the skeleton had been killed by this arrow!
Chen Ping was curious and grabbed towards the arrow, he wanted to pull it out and see if it was some kind of treasure!
But just as Chen Ping grabbed the arrow feather, he suddenly felt a dangerous aura, followed by the arrow feather bursting into a brilliant light, followed by a huge aura bursting out, and then shaking Chen Ping straight away!
Chen Ping’s body was instantly sent flying for tens of metres, and then hit the ground with a fierce smash!
Chen Ping could only feel his internal organs and stomach churning, and blood was spilling out from the corners of his mouth!
Even a Martial Emperor might not be able to hurt Chen Ping like that!
But the aura emanating from that arrow feather had almost killed Chen Ping!
Taking a deep breath, Chen Ping stared at the arrow feather with a deadly gaze.
Chen Ping mobilised his spiritual energy and then burst out his breath to resist the pressure emitted by the arrow feather, then he went towards the arrow feather again, Chen Ping wanted to pull it out to see!
But just as Chen Ping got close, he was once again knocked away by a huge breath!
Chen Ping tried several times in a row, but he couldn’t even get close to the arrow feather!
Even though Chen Ping had exploded his divine dragon power, he still couldn’t get close to it, the aura from the arrow feather had directly suppressed Chen Ping’s spiritual power and divine dragon power!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s face was somewhat pale, and the corners of his mouth were even filled with blood!
“D*mn it, I don’t believe it, I can’t even pull out an arrow ……”
Chen Ping’s temper was also stirred up.
But just as Chen Ping was about to try again, he suddenly noticed that the Dao Stripe Power within him was flickering with light!
Chen Ping hurriedly exploded out the Dao pattern power, and right after the Dao pattern power within Chen Ping exploded out, the arrow feather that was stuck in his skull unexpectedly followed suit and gave off a burst of light, and it also trembled.
“Could it be that this Dao Ripple Power can suppress this arrow feather?”
Chen Ping kept exploding out the power of the Dao pattern and began to approach that arrow feather!