Chen Ping waved his hand, and a bunch of white flames danced on his fingertips!
Seeing this white flame, the Broad Cold Palace Master was filled with astonishment, but when she got closer, she went to discover that the flame emitted an extremely cold aura!
This kind of coldness, even she, who specialised in cultivating ice techniques, was somewhat unable to withstand it!
‘What in the world is this …… this?’
The Broad Cold Palace Master said with a face full of shock!
‘This is called the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, it’s considered a type of Supreme Fire, but he’s giving off an icy cold aura.’
‘As the saying goes, what goes around comes around, the Palace Master must know that people who freeze to death feel that they are hot all over, and don’t think they are freezing to death until they die.’
‘This is actually the case, although the Extreme Cold Ice Flame is considered to be a flame, what is emitted in the end is a cold aura that is hard for people to bear.’
‘This kind of cold aura is even more violent than the cold aura emitted by the Ice Technique you cultivate!’
Chen Ping explained.
‘You are giving me this Extreme Cold Ice Flame?’
The Broad Cold Palace Master was a little excited!
‘Not bad!’ Chen Ping nodded, then slowly raised the bundle of Extreme Cold Ice Flame into mid-air and commanded the Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace, ‘Palace Master, this Extreme Cold Ice Flame is extremely difficult to absorb and refine, so try to see if you can refine it.’
The Palace Master of Guang Han Palace nodded, and then began to emit breath to wrap around the Extreme Cold Ice Flame to refine it!
However, after refining for a full hour, the extreme cold ice flame did not have the slightest change, and the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace simply had no way to refine this extreme cold ice flame for his own use!
This is still the extreme cold ice flame don’t Chen Ping has refining control, if it is not don’t refine the extreme cold ice flame, Guanghan Palace Palace Master this refining, for fear of not refining into the end, the body will also be subjected to a backlash!
‘No, it seems that I have no way to refine this Extreme Cold Ice Flame!’
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said as he wiped the sweat from his forehead!
Her eyes were filled with loss, such a good thing, but she had no way to refine it!
‘If the two of us can fuse, I will just send this Extreme Cold Ice Flame directly into your body.’
Chen Ping also frowned slightly and could not help but blurt out!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace blushed and said helplessly, ‘I am still shouldering the heavy responsibility of growing Guanghan Palace, there is no way for me to dual cultivate with Mr Chen, it seems that this Extreme Cold Ice Flame is not destined to belong to me.’
Chen Ping pondered for a moment, then asked, ‘Palace Master, your Guanghan Palace only stipulates that you cannot engage in dual cultivation with a male cultivator, so is other intimate encounters allowed?’
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was stunned, somewhat confused as to what Chen Ping meant, but still shook his head and said, ‘There is no mention of other contact, just that one cannot double cultivate and break one’s Supreme Yin body.’
‘That’s fine, I have a solution!’
Chen Ping said!
‘What solution?’ The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace asked curiously!
But as soon as the words left his mouth, he saw Chen Ping pounce on him and kissed him head on!
The Extreme Cold Ice Flame was slowly sent into the body of the Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace by Chen Ping!
I don’t know how long it took, but the Extreme Cold Ice Flame was finally in the body of the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master, although it was very little, but by slowly nurturing it, it was believed that the Extreme Cold Ice Flame would become more and more in the body of the Broad Cold Palace Master!
When the two separated, the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master did not recover for a long time.
It was the first time she had been in such close contact with a man!
‘Mr Chen …… Chen, in that case, am I …… I considered your woman?’
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master asked with a red face!
Chen Ping was stunned and said with some embarrassment, ‘Palace Master, don’t misunderstand, I am only trying to let you have the Extreme Cold Ice Flame in your body, I really don’t have any other intention.’
Chen Ping was speechless, he couldn’t just kiss a bite and be his own woman ah!
‘Oh!’ Broad Cold Palace Palace Master took a deep breath, ‘Mr Chen, you’d better leave as early as possible, when that Mu Family Head comes out of the gate, you’re afraid that you’ll be in danger.’
‘Palace Master, take care of yourself as well, when I have the opportunity, I will come back to see you.’
Chen Ping nodded and walked out of the room!