Well, this transmission array is only because the patterns are in disrepair, and some of them are too little connected to each other, so that the transmission array can be opened, but it cannot transmit.
Now I have re-drawn the patterns and changed them slightly, in this way, even if the transmission array is in disrepair and cannot be transmitted, there will not be the kind of injuries that happened just now.
Chen Ping said lightly!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, everyone couldn’t believe that Chen Ping was able to fix the transmission array and even make modifications!
How can this be possible, this is an ancient array, even if Chen Ping is an array master, it is impossible to have the ability to make changes to the ancient array!
Did you really fix the transmission array?
Li Qi asked in shock!
Of course, you can open it and try!
Chen Ping said calmly!
Li Qi glanced at Chen Wenliang, after all, Chen Wenliang was the president, only if Chen Wenliang opened his mouth, Li Qi could go and open the transmission array!
“You go and take a look ……”
Chen Wenliang said to Li Qi!
Li Qi nodded, then walked over, looked at the transmission array in front of him, then hem placed the spirit stone!
Soon, the spirit stone flashed, and the transmission array was opened!
Since it was able to open, it proved that the transmission matrix had not been damaged by Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Wenliang was also relieved.
President, even if the transmission array can be opened, it doesn’t mean that it’s fixed, it was able to be opened just now, it’s just that there was an error in the transmission!
A senior member of the Apothecary Guild said!
That’s right, the transmission was able to open just now, and the fact that it’s open now doesn’t mean anything!
“We need to conduct the transmission to know if the transmission array is really fixed!”
Chen Wenliang said!
“Everyone, who is going to give it a try?”
Li Qi asked as he looked around at the pharmacists!
But no one dared to move, knowing that the transmission array had just been damaged, injuring so many people, who would dare to try?
Now that Chen Ping had moved the transmission array, if something happened, it would be fatal!
No one is willing to gamble with their lives!
Seeing that no one dared to try, this made Li Qi very embarrassed!
“I’ll do it ……”
Liu Ruyan finished speaking and directly walked into the transmission array!
Ruyan Liu trusted Chen Ping, so she wasn’t scared at all!
“Nie Heng, you follow your Missy, don’t run everywhere when you get to Yongle City, wait for me!”
Chen Ping said to Nie Heng!
Chen Ping believed in his own strength, and this transmission array would definitely be fine!
Nie Heng nodded and walked into the transmission matrix!
Seeing Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng walk into the array, the others had more or less trust in Chen Ping!
After all, Ruyan Liu had just protected Chen Ping, so it was obvious that she was with him!
‘I’ll also try ……’
At this time, there were also pharmacists who walked into the transmission array!
If it really worked, then they wouldn’t have to queue up and would be able to reach Forever City the fastest!
After seeing someone who was not afraid and walked directly into the transmission array, many Apothecaries began to be swayed as well!
Soon, the transmission array was filled with dozens of people!
Seeing that the crowd was full, Li Qi said, “Attention everyone, I’m going to activate the transmission array!”
After saying that, Li Qi catalysed the spirit stone!
The transmission matrix was instantly opened, and light shifted, and spatial aura pervaded the entire transmission matrix!
At this moment, in Yongle City, which was tens of thousands of miles away from here, there were also a few cultivators guarding the side of the transmission array!
“Elder Song, the number of people attending the Medicine Masters’ Meeting this year is obviously much smaller.”
“The transmission array hasn’t moved for a few days.”
A cultivator said as he looked towards an old man at the head of the group!
These people were all from the Western Region Apothecary Association, the Western Region Apothecary Association was located in Yongle City, and they were the ones responsible for reception here!
However, for several days in a row, no one has been coming through the transmission array!