Listening to Luo Shouhai’s words, those disciples of Blood Spirit Peak were all stunned one by one and thought that they had heard wrong!
They thought that even if Luo Shouhai didn’t kill them, he would waste them and leave them to fend for themselves!
However, they didn’t expect that Luo Shouhai was going to take them to the Blood Spirit Valley!
“Many thanks, Master Luo Valley, I’m willing to follow Master Luo Valley to the death ……”
That elder from Blood Spirit Peak reacted the fastest and directly knelt in front of Luo Shouhai to show his allegiance!
Seeing this, the other disciples of Blood Spirit Peak also knelt down!
These people were all willing to follow Luo Shouhai to the Blood Spirit Valley!
After all, the Blood Spirit Valley was the proper path, and the Blood Spirit Peak was founded by Cheng Jing would himself after he ran away!
“Alright, all of you get up!”
Luo Shouhai raised his hand, causing all those disciples of Blood Spirit Peak to get up!
“Mr Chen, thank you so much for allowing me to avenge the Blood Spirit Valley’s disciples, our Blood Spirit Valley owes Mr Chen a debt of gratitude that will never be repaid!”
Luo Shouhai walked up to Chen Ping and said that he was about to kneel down!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, Luo Shouhai was afraid that he would never have known that this matter was actually the work of the Cheng Jing Society!
“Master Luo Gu is polite!” Chen Ping hurriedly supported Luo Shouhai!
“Mr Chen, now that Old Luo’s great revenge has been avenged, we’d better go back quickly, after all, there are people everywhere looking for your whereabouts right now.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man said!
“Valley Master Luo, Ghost Elder, you two go back to the Blood Spirit Valley first, I want to go for a walk at the top of the Heavenly Demon Mountain to see if I can find the Heavenly Demon Stone.”
“Also I would like to go to that Devil Swallowing Cave to see what wonders that Qi Peijia had in there!”
Chen Ping said to the two!
“Mr Chen, I will accompany you, the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain can be very dangerous, especially that Devil Swallowing Cave, I’m afraid that you might be in danger yourself.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder said!
“Ghost Elder, I changed my appearance, and then after suppressing my aura, if it’s not someone who is particularly familiar, they won’t recognise me, don’t worry about it.”
“Moreover, in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, I see that the various clans are still considered gentle, and the three clans can get along with each other, so there shouldn’t be any danger.”
Chen Ping explained!
“Mr Chen, you don’t know, this Heavenly Demon Mountain used to be the land of the Demon Clan, and later on, the God-Demon War had a battlefield here, so it caused the deaths of many Demon Cultivators.”
“However, there are still many demonic cultivators who survived, and some of the evil demonic cultivators are potentially deep within the Heavenly Demon Mountain, these demonic cultivators wreak havoc, and within their perceptions, there are no rules at all.”
“Over the years in the Southern Domain, especially in the area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the three clans have been getting along quite well, so those evil-doing demonic cultivators have been lurking in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, not daring to show their faces, and if Mr Chen encounters these people, they don’t care about any rules or regulations.”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder said with a worried expression!
“What, in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain on top of the mountain, could there still be demonic cultivators?”
Chen Ping raised his head and glanced at the towering mountain top, and could not help but be surprised!
One must know that above the mountain top of this Heavenly Demon Mountain, it would definitely be very hard, living in that kind of place all the time must be miserable!
“Of course it is, but most of those demonic cultivators use souls and grievances to cultivate, that’s why they kill innocents indiscriminately and do no evil.”
“It is also because there is such a portion of demonic cultivators that makes us demonic cultivators regarded as demons and everyone shouts to kill them, in fact, demonic cultivators are not all the kind of people who kill indiscriminately, it’s just that our demonic cultivator’s gong method concept is different from other immortal cultivators, that’s why we are called demonic cultivators.”
“Among the devil cultivators, there are also many from the human race cultivators transformed over, in fact, there is not much difference in essence between the three races, are to ascend to immortality.”
“It’s just that after the God-Devil War, devil cultivators became street rats, no matter what kind, as long as they were devil cultivators, they were all defined as bad guys.”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man sighed lightly, looking very helpless!