“Whether it’s a pie in the sky or not, we’ll know once we try it, hurry up and start!”
Chen Ping was a little impatient!
Lan Yingying glared at Chen Ping and was not speaking, instead she walked to the many cultivators and then said aloud “Gentlemen, you have signed up to be selected, since you have come here, you can pick your favourite female cultivator and then win the challenge, you can be married as a Dao Couple.”
“But if you want to go up to the inner sect and then travel to the Polar Journey, you have to undergo the test again before you can do so, but don’t worry, this trial tower has already been set up long ago by our Palace Master, so even if someone doesn’t manage to pass the trial tower, their life won’t be in danger.”
“This is us wanting to pick out the most suitable candidate, after all, this polar journey is very dangerous, our Palace Master doesn’t want anyone to be killed or injured, that’s why this test was set!”
When the crowd heard Lan Yingying’s words, they all got excited and said “Hurry up and start, we are all a bit impatient ……”
After all, there was no danger to their lives, so they didn’t quit.
“Do I still need to test?”
Mu Kui stepped forward and asked to Lan Yingying!
“Mu gongzi, although you have the Elder Token, but you must also have this test, it was set by the Palace Master himself, but don’t worry, this Trial Tower is not dangerous, and with your strength, it’s very simple to pass this Trial Tower.”
Lan Yingying said to Mu Kui!
“Good, press I will accept the trial!”
Mu Kui was very flattered by Lan Yingying’s words!
After all, who doesn’t dislike patting their own arse, but when Blue Yingying saw Mu Kui agree, she sneered coldly!
Obviously, this Blue Yingying was deliberately holding up this Mu Kui!
When Chen Ping saw that this Mu Kui was also going to be put to the test, he immediately frowned!
After all, this guy had fought with Chen Ping and was very familiar with Chen Ping’s aura, if he entered the trial tower, Chen Ping would have to let go of his aura to do so, in that case, he would surely have his identity discovered by this Mu Kui!
However, things have come to this point, Chen Ping could not possibly retreat, so he could only wait, if he could wait for this Mu Kui to pass the test, Chen Ping would undergo the test, then he would not expose his identity!
Lan Yingying led the crowd through the outer gate palace and then walked to a high tower!
A faint white mist filled the surroundings of the high tower, the entire tower was as if it was cast in gold, flickering with golden light, and above the tip of the tower, a touch of green light constantly flickered!
“Gentlemen, this is our Guanghan Palace’s trial pagoda, don’t look at this pagoda looks small on the outside, but inside it has a vast space, your strength can be completely exerted.”
“Of course, in order to pass the test, you must walk all the way from the bottom of the pagoda to the top, and then the gemstone that flickers with green light, you only need to touch the gemstone, and then you will be transported out of the pagoda, even if you pass the test.”
“Inside here, on the other hand, there are a lot of organs, and perhaps everyone undergoes a different test, so trying to get experience from other people’s mouths is also a no-no.”
Lan Yingying said to the many cultivators!
Just as Lan Yingying’s words were finished, someone said impatiently “Alright, hurry up and open the trial tower, we can’t wait!”
With a wave of Lan Yingying’s hand, the gate of the trial tower slowly opened!
Just as the gate opened, several cultivators rushed in impatiently!
These people probably felt that it would be very dignified to pass the test first, and in doing so, they would also be able to attract the attention of the many female cultivators!
While looking at those cultivators who rushed in, Chen Ping laughed coldly!
These guys, surprisingly, were so impatient, although the Trial Tower was not life threatening, it didn’t say that they wouldn’t be injured ah!
If they really got seriously injured and couldn’t be in cultivation, it would be worse than dying!
Chen Ping glanced at Mu Kui, he hoped that Mu Kui could pass the test first so that his identity would not be exposed.