Chen Ping let out a bitter smile and sighed that he was also too hasty, if one could sense the Origin by killing an Origin Mirage Beast, then it would be too simple!
Chen Ping continued to travel deeper into the mountain pass, by hunting these phantom beasts, Chen Ping would be able to quench this physical body of his even if he could not perceive the Golden Origin.
While Chen Ping hunted and killed the Origin Illusion Beasts in the Ji Family Ancestral Ground, the sky outside was slowly brightening up!
Ji Yun had already changed his clothes and planned to follow the crowd into the Ji Family Ancestral Ground!
Before leaving, Ji Yun wanted to find Chen Ping to say something, but he realised that Chen Ping was not in the room at all!
“Miss Fire Phoenix, where did Mr Chen go?”
Ji Yun asked to Fire Phoenix!
“I don’t know ah, I’m also looking for him, early in the morning the master disappeared!”
The Fire Phoenix’s face had a few moments of anxiety!
“How could he be gone?” Ji Yun frowned slightly!
It was impossible for Chen Ping to leave without saying goodbye, and now that Chen Ping had suddenly disappeared, it was most likely that he had sneaked into the Ji Family’s ancestral land!
After all, Chen Ping also wanted to enter the Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground, that Helplessness Origin had a great attraction for Chen Ping!
Thinking of this, he was about to say to Fire Phoenix “Miss Fire Phoenix, you should also not be anxious for now, Mr Chen should have something else that he is not in a good position to tell us, he should be back after he finishes his business.”
“I’m going to gather, stay here by yourself and don’t run around ……”
After Ji Yun pacified the fire phoenix, he hurriedly ran off to the middle of the Ji family’s great hall!
At this moment, within the Ji Family’s main hall, it had already been filled with people, and there were dozens of disciples of the younger generation of the Ji Family standing on the side, these were all preparing to enter the Ji Family’s ancestral land!
Ji Cheng had been waiting outside the door, seeing that Ji Yun had arrived, Ji Cheng personally brought Ji Yun in and then had him stand in the queue, no one was suspicious of Ji Yun’s identity!
After settling Ji Yun down, Ji Cheng once again stood outside the door, his face filled with anxiety!
Soon, Ji Meiling hurriedly ran over and shook her head towards Ji Cheng!
“Where did Big Sister run off to? On such an important day like today, she dares to be absent, does she think that the Near Ancestral Ground, just anyone can enter?”
Ji Cheng said with an anxious face!
“Brother, big sister was not there last night, she didn’t come back all night!”
Ji Meiling said in a low voice!
When Ji Cheng heard this, he became furious “Didn’t come back all night, why didn’t you tell me in advance? Where to look for it now?”
Ji Cheng’s brows were furrowed and his face was furious, this sister of his was just too stubborn!
Seeing Ji Cheng angry, Ji Meiling was scared and didn’t dare to speak anymore!
“Alright, you go inside, I’ll go and follow father to say ……”
Ji Cheng let Ji Meiling stand inside the queue, and then quickly walked towards Ji Lianjun who was sitting on the main seat!
Ji Cheng ambushed Ji Lian Jun’s ear and whispered a few words, and Ji Lian Jun’s face instantly became grim!
“This girl, is just too much, let me see her, I will definitely dispose of her by family law.”
Ji Lian Jun said with anger!
“Family Head, it’s almost time, is it time to move?”
An elder looked at the time and said to Ji Lian Jun!
Ji Lian Jun nodded and looked to Ji Lian Ying, who was not far away beside him, and asked “Second brother, it’s almost time, I think we’d better set off.”
“Big brother, wait a little while, I want to take care of something before entering the ancestral land here.”
Ji Lianying said!
“Handle what matter?” Ji Lianjun asked doubtfully!
“You’ll know in a moment!” Ji Lianying smiled faintly and sold a secret!
Not long after, a group of tall people walked into the Ji Family’s main hall!
Looking at the size of these people, Ji Lian Jun immediately recognised that these were people from the Giant Barbarian Palace!
An old man at the front of the group was the Giant Savage Palace’s Palace Master, Qin He Tian.