Just as Chen Ping was thinking beautifully, a dangerous aura came from him!
That Qi Peijia was outside the hall, witnessed Chen Ping resisting the Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation, and heard a fierce beast’s hissing roar coming from inside the hall, making Qi Peijia suspicious, so he wanted to use his divine sense to probe the situation!
Chen Ping instantly sensed that it was Qi Peijia’s aura, and his entire body tensed up!
He was at a weak moment right now, and although he had absorbed the lightning origin from the Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation, there was no way he could follow Qi Peijia in a confrontation by relying on the power of his origin!
Just as Chen Ping was at a bit of a loss for words, he suddenly discovered the copper cauldron that had already finished absorbing the Immortal Liquid!
Originally, there was Immortal Liquid in the Copper Cauldron, but now it had all been absorbed dry by the Spirit Beast Egg, but the Copper Cauldron was still there!
A copper cauldron that was able to store Immortal Liquid must also be a treasure!
Chen Ping intended to enter that copper cauldron himself so that Qi Peijia’s divine sense could not detect him!
Chen Ping was returning to the fact that the reason why that Qi Peijia didn’t rush in directly should be that the thunderbolt just now shook him, as well as the hissing roar of that Qilin Beast just now!
It made Qi Peijia not know what was going on inside the hall, so he did not dare to rush in rashly.
Now Chen Ping only needed to hide himself so that Qi Peijia couldn’t detect himself, then Qi Peijia wouldn’t know the real situation inside the hall and wouldn’t dare to enter!
After bluffing that Qi Peijia first, Chen Ping would think of a way to escape!
Chen Ping’s body leapt into the copper tripod, the remaining immortal qi within the copper tripod wrapped around Chen Ping, a white light was emitted from within the copper tripod!
Chen Ping looked at the white light and found that there were words engraved around the copper cauldron!
Chen Ping reached out and stroked the four walls of the tripod, and instantly, a holy immortal light shot around the tripod, and the entire hall was enveloped in immortal light!
In addition to the immortal mist around the hall, the hall at this moment seems to be the immortal world’s Heavenly Palace!
Directly, Qi Peijia and Zou Qi were all dumbfounded!
Immortal light from the copper tripod irradiated out, Chen Ping whole person is in the immortal light, the surrounding became a white blanket, where there is still the shadow of the copper tripod!
Just when Chen Ping was at a loss for words, not knowing where he was, a heat wave swept towards him!
And after the heat wave, an old man with flames burning all over his body slowly appeared!
Underneath the flames of the old man’s entire body was a bright red dao robe, a red that was somewhat blinding!
“What are you?”
Chen Ping instantly raised his guard!
The old man did not speak, but instead looked Chen Ping up and down, and only after a good half day, did he faintly smile and said “I did not expect that the one who would end up receiving my inheritance would be of the Dragon Race, or the most noble Golden Dragon Race.”
“Just as well, since I left my inheritance here, no matter who discovered it first, it should have been obtained ……”
After saying that, the old man flicked his hand, and immediately, the flames on his body unexpectedly transformed into the shapes of various beasts, and they continued to change.
Chen Ping looked at the old man as if he was juggling, and asked with some impatience “What exactly are you? Is playing with fire your heritage?”
“If it is playing with fire, I will also ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking, the Fire Origin Star flashed and a ball of to fire pulsed in Chen Ping’s palm!
“Huh ……”
Looking at the flame in the centre of Chen Ping’s hand, the old man looked a little surprised “Demon Race Supreme Flame? There is still a Demon Supreme Flame in your body, it seems that I need to check it out properly ……”
The old man directly waved his hand towards Chen Ping, and a ball of flame surrounded Chen Ping!
And as if it was like a mouse seeing a cat, the group of Supreme Flame in Chen Ping’s hand began to continuously weaken, and in the end, it even extinguished in Chen Ping’s hand!
“What are you going to do?”
Chen Ping was shocked!
He realised that no matter what he used, he could not get rid of the flames surrounding his body.
The old man did not speak, only a moment later, the flames gradually died out!