Just as Su Tianshuo was being beaten, suddenly an urgent bell rang outside, the sound was urgent and spread throughout the entire island!
The crowd hurriedly stopped fighting and kept listening to the situation outside!
Now that they were being controlled by the formation, their divine sense couldn’t even emanate out!
“What’s the situation outside, it sounds like it’s urgent!”
A pharmacist asked!
“It can’t be someone coming to attack this island, right? It’s best to kill these brutes from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!”
Another pill master said!
Right now, these people all hated to see all the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect die so that they could be rescued!
“Don’t think about it, this place is far away from the continent, who would come here to attack the Zhentian Dharma Sect, we can only think of ways to save ourselves!”
Bao Longxing sighed and said!
He now regretted to death, why did he follow this idiot Su Tianshuo to work together!
And in the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect’s main hall, Feng Xing frowned tightly and said, “What’s happening, why is someone suddenly ringing the bell?”
“Elder Feng, there is an unidentified spirit boat approaching the island, so we rang the defence divine bell, now that the Patriarch and the two Elders are not here, we don’t dare to go out and check!”
A Zhentian Dharma Sect deacon said to Feng Xing!
Although Feng Xing wasn’t from the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect, his status was higher than this deacon, and he was able to follow the elders of the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect to be able to sit on an equal footing!
“Isn’t it Sect Leader Mu and their spirit boat? This place, how could any other spirit boat come over.”
“Take me to see what’s going on ……”
Feng Xing let that deacon lead himself towards the seashore!
At this moment, the entire island had been enveloped by a colourful light, and a dozen or so disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect were waiting on the beach in a tight formation.
Tens of miles away from them, a spirit boat was coming towards the island at a rapid pace.
Because the spirit boat was very tattered, it didn’t look like it was a spirit boat of the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect, that’s why the defence formation was turned on!
Feng Xing came to the seashore and looked at the spirit boat that was rapidly approaching, and his brows were slightly furrowed!
“Such a shabby spirit boat, how did it come here?”
Feng Xing did not understand, this place was far away from the continent, so how could there be such a broken spirit boat coming here?
Along with the spirit boat getting closer and closer, Feng Xing’s frown then got deeper and deeper!
Soon, he realised that on top of the spirit boat was actually Chen Ping and the others!
This instantly made Feng Xing become nervous, he thought that Chen Ping and the others had died in the storm vortex long ago, but he did not expect that they had actually run here!
Seeing the damaged spirit boat, Feng Xing knew that Chen Ping and the others must have suffered heavy losses as well, even the spirit boat had become like this!
“These people are those pill masters I was talking about, I didn’t expect that they didn’t die and even found their way here!”
“Hurry up and attack, we can’t let them come up to the island ……”
Feng Xing said to that deacon!
When that deacon heard that, he was also shocked, Elder Liu and Mu Qiufeng and the others all went out to look for these people, I didn’t expect them to come to the base camp!
“Quickly, release the poisonous insects, we can’t let them dock ……”
That deacon hissed loudly!
Soon, hundreds of black poisonous insects, buzzed out from a forest in the centre of the island!
One of the poisonous insects with light golden veins was directing these poisonous insects in the centre towards Chen Ping and their spirit boat!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, look, what’s going on?”
Chen Wenliang spotted those poisonous insects in the sky and immediately said!
“We’ve been discovered, these words should be poisonous insects released by the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!”
Chen Ping frowned slightly as he looked at the poisonous insects in the sky that were black and pressing towards this side!
“So it’s poisonous insects, we don’t have to be afraid at all, I think the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect has forgotten what we do, we’re pharmacists, the thing we’re most unafraid of is poisonous insects!”
Chen Wenliang said with confidence!
If these if them, if they were afraid of some poisonous insects, wouldn’t they be laughed at?