Even if one could only enter the first heaven of the Heavenly Realm, that was still better than staying in the Celestial Realm ah, in the Celestial Realm then, all these Heavenly Realm cultivators were suppressed in their realms and made a great mess!
Seeing Chen Ping say that, Yun Li directly laughed and slowly said, “If that Heavenly Ascension Staircase is that good to pass, then this Celestial Realm is afraid that there are no longer any cultivators in the Celestial Realm.”
“Those with my kind of strength once could only barely reach the fourth test of the Heaven Ascending Staircase, and couldn’t stay long at all before they directly fell.”
“You know how many cultivators fought to the death and couldn’t even get close to the edge of the Heaven Ascension Ladder, what you’re saying is too simple.”
“You can’t even stay at the fourth level?”Chen Ping frowned, right now Yun Li was at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, his strength was considered very strong, but this kind of strength couldn’t even stay at the fourth level.
Yun Li said very seriously, “Brother Chen, that Heaven Ascension Staircase is really difficult, that is a Great Dao reception, not just anyone can do it.”
“Ascending the heavenly ladder besides needing strength to fight up, you also need to have a certain amount of natural talent, to be able to have an epiphany to be able to do so, heaven and earth great dao, each one of them is a unique one, you have to know that each one is a side of the world, where is it as simple as you think!”
“When this Heaven Ascending Staircase opens, I can take you to break into it, it will allow you to quickly increase your strength, and also exercise your own epiphany, but it is also very dangerous, I don’t know how many cultivators have died within the Heaven Ascending Staircase!”
Chen Ping listened carefully to Yun Li’s words, it did shock him, if so, this so-called reception should be the Heaven and Earth Great Dao looking for that kind of supreme geniuses in all the low level worlds, and then letting them enter the Heavenly Realm!
Those with mediocre qualifications, I’m afraid that they don’t have to think about it in this lifetime!
“What do you mean, that Immortal Sovereign’s Cave, is in one of the heavens within that Heaven Ascending Staircase?”
Chen Ping asked Yun Li!
After all, Yun Li was not capable of entering the Heavenly Realm at all right now, so it was impossible for him to take the treasure map of the Heavenly Realm and come to talk to himself about this!
Now that he heard Yun Li say it, then it must be in one of the heavens of this Heaven Ascending Staircase, after all, each of these heavens was a side of the world!
Obviously, each of these worlds was opened up by some mighty cultivator, but they were also real.
Just like this Celestial Realm, it was also opened up by the Wuji Sacred Sect, only this kind of real world, even the one who opened it could not destroy it at will and needed to follow the rules of heaven and earth!
“That’s right, that Immortal Sovereign’s Cave is in the fourth level of the Heaven Ascending Staircase, but I can only stay in the fourth level for a few moments, so I don’t have the means to look for it yet.”
“But I believe that when that Heaven Ascending Staircase appears again, I think I’ll be able to stand firmly at the fourth level!”
Yun Li nodded and said!
Chen Ping’s heart stirred as he heard this. The cave residence of an Immortal Exalted powerhouse, that was a heavenly opportunity! However, he was also clear that this kind of chance was often accompanied by great risks.
“Brother Yun, is this treasure map reliable?”Chen Ping asked cautiously.
“Absolutely reliable! I obtained it from the relics of an ancient cultivator, and it still has the mark of that great power on it.”
Yun Li said with great confidence!
Chen Ping pondered for a moment and finally nodded, “Alright, in that case, then I will promise you!”
Seeing Chen Ping promise, Yun Li was also very happy, so he said, “You can kill as many people from the Ten Temples as you like, except for my father.”
“However, my father will definitely continue to send people to kill you, so you must be prepared for that as well.”
“Good!”Chen Ping nodded, “What is the strength of all ten of your temples? There won’t be many Immortalisation Realm cultivators, right?”
“Of course not, haven’t you noticed that there are very few Immortalisation Realm cultivators that you have encountered in the Celestial Realm?”Yun Li said!
“Yes, it’s true that one rarely encounters them!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Apart from running into those two domain lords who were at the Transformation Immortal Realm, and that Beast City Lord, he basically had not been running into any Transformation Immortal Realm cultivators!
Of course there was also a Wuji Old Taoist, who should also be at the Transformation Immortal Realm!