“Miss, go, go quickly ……”
Qiu Ju shouted at Han Qing’er as she fought one against four!
Han Qing’er’s eyes were filled with reluctance, but in the end she gritted her teeth and ran in the direction of Chen Ping’s side!
One of the men in black saw Han Qing’er trying to run, so he leapt forward and rushed over!
Qiu Ju tried to stop her, but she was so tightly entangled by the other hurried men in black that she couldn’t get out of the way!
The man in black simply leapt up and reached behind Han Qing’er, and then slapped his palm at her.
Han Qing’er, himself wounded, turned around and hastily met him with a palm!
Boom ……
Han Qing’er’s body was instantly sent flying and landed heavily at Chen Ping’s feet!
“This young lady, are you alright?”
Chen Ping hurriedly helped Han Qing’er up!
Seeing that it was Chen Ping, Han Qing’er kept a wary look in her eyes and followed Chen Ping to pull away!
It looks like Han Qing’er is still treating Chen Ping as a bad guy!
The man in black came towards Han Qing’er step by step, while Chen Ping stood in front of Han Qing’er!
“Kid, you have no business here, get the hell out of my way ……”
The man in black said as he glared angrily at Chen Ping.
“Who are you people? Why are you doing this to a girl?”
Chen Ping questioned at the man in black.
“I told you, it’s none of your business ……”
After the man in black finished speaking, he reached out his hand towards Han Qing’er and grabbed her.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body flashed with golden light, followed by a fist that smashed into the man in black!
The power of the divine dragon was brought to its fullest extent by Chen Ping!
A golden dragon surrounded his fist!
“The Golden Dragon’s true body?”
Surprise flashed across the eyes of the man in black for an instant, before he also swung a fist!
Boom …………
There was a flash of golden light, and Chen Ping only felt a huge force that directly lifted him off his feet.
Chen Ping’s body smashed heavily against the wall, instantly collapsing a wall!
Chen Ping only felt a sweetness in his throat and a mouthful of blood spurted out!
Dragging his injured body, Chen Ping slowly got up and looked incredulously at the man in black in front of him!
He himself was now a Grand Martial Marquis, yet he couldn’t even resist a single move in front of this man in black!
You can imagine how strong this man in black was!
Chen Ping couldn’t understand what was going on in Kyoto.
Why had so many experts appeared all of a sudden?
“Kid, who the hell are you? Why do you want to interfere in the matter between us?”
The man in black asked in an icy voice.
“I just saw you guys bullying a little girl and was uncomfortable with it, I didn’t know what was going on between you ……”
Chen Ping wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and said.
“Since you don’t know, then hide far away and don’t force me to kill you ……”
After the man in black finished speaking, he ignored Chen Ping and grabbed towards Han Qing’er instead!
Chen Ping leapt up once again, and a dazzling golden light erupted from above his two fists!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping smashed towards the man in black.
Although he knew he was outmatched, Chen Ping still struck!
“Ancient Saint’s Fist?”
The man in black’s eyes faintly stared as a few moments of surprise appeared in his eyes once again!
Boom!
A burst of golden light appeared, and the tremendous force sent Chen Ping’s body flying once again!
It was only at this time that Han Qing’er’s vigilance was removed from her gaze as she looked towards Chen Ping!
“Are you alright ……”
Han Qing’er asked with concern as she stepped forward.
“It’s fine!” Chen Ping shook his head.
But Chen Ping knew that the man in black hadn’t used his full strength, as if he didn’t want to kill him!
“Kid, don’t force me to kill you, you get out of here now ……”
Step by step, the man in black walked towards Chen Ping and Han Qing’er!
“Go away, it’s none of your business here, there’s no need to get yourself killed ……”
Han Qing’er knew she was in for it, so she gave Chen Ping a push!
“Don’t worry, we’ll all be fine ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Qiankun Circle suddenly appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
With a throw of the Qiankun Circle in his hand, a black hole instantly appeared in mid-air!
Chen Ping pulled Han Qing’er and leapt into that black hole!