Chen Ping was still on his way to the 10 million poles with the Holy Maidens at the moment, he didn’t realise that there would be so many people coming to the poles!
It was an easy journey, and they were getting closer and closer to the poles!
“Stop ……”
Suddenly, Chen Ping, who was walking at the front, frowned.
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”
Bing Lu stepped forward and asked suspiciously!
This road, but someone had already walked it in advance, there shouldn’t be any danger anymore, she didn’t know why Chen Ping had to stop!
“Do you guys smell blood?”
Chen Ping asked!
Bing Lu shook her head, “No……”
The other Saint Maidens also shook their heads, none of them had smelled blood!
Chen Ping slightly closed his eyes and his divine sense instantly spread out!
In an instant, several miles were covered by divine sense!
But there was no danger, nor was there any creature.
“Strange, I always feel that the air is filled with the smell of blood, how can there be nothing?”
Chen Ping frowned as he observed the surroundings!
“Mr Chen, there shouldn’t be anything, after all, someone already explored the path yesterday.”
Bing Lu said!
“It might be that I am too sensitive, all of you spread the distance a bit, all of you be on your guard!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked forwards once again!
The Holy Maidens all obeyed Chen Ping’s arrangement, and one by one, they pulled apart and raised their vigilance!
After walking forwards for a few miles, suddenly one of the Saint Maidens let out a yell!
“Ai yang ……”
A Holy Maiden unexpectedly fell down inside the snow, and then said somewhat angrily, “Who tripped me up?”
Everyone’s gazes were focussed on this Holy Maiden, only to see that under her feet, her hand, which had been stiff, was exposed from within the snow!
Seeing this scene, everyone’s hearts immediately tightened, and Chen Ping even landed beside that Holy Maiden with a single leap!
Immediately after Chen Ping slapped his palm out, a heat wave swept through, and the snow instantly melted!
After it continued to melt, it unexpectedly revealed the corpse of a woman!
“This is our Guanghan Palace’s outer disciple ……”
A Holy Maiden instantly exclaimed in shock when she saw the woman’s corpse!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked at the woman’s already stiffened corpse, having a look at the injuries on the corpse, it was obvious that she had died from an attack!
“Mr Chen, this …… what is the situation ah?”
Bing Lu asked with a frown!
Chen Ping did not say anything, but instead thought to look around, then his body’s aura erupted and a gust of wind suddenly swept through!
The surrounding snow was blown all over the sky by the wild wind!
Soon, the snow was blown away, and a body that had stiffened was revealed!
The corpses were lying all over the place!
There were the outer disciples of the Guanghan Palace, as well as those cultivators who had passed the examination!
Looking at everything in front of them, all of the Saint Maidens were stunned!
These people that Guanghan Palace had shot out to fight in the front line had all died tragically here!
Knowing that this place was still a distance away from the pole, these people hadn’t even arrived at the pole, and all of them had died tragically!
“What kind of people? What kind of person did this?”
Ice Dew’s eyes erupted with anger!
With so many people killed, Bing Lu felt that it must have been done by some sect!
Chen Ping just swept a glance while shaking his head, “These people were not killed by someone, but they encountered demonic beasts, is this place infested with very powerful demonic beasts?”
“Very powerful demonic beasts?”Bing Lu frowned slightly and pondered!
“Sister Bing Lu, in our area, isn’t there that Snow Treading Cloud Beast infested?”
A Holy Maiden suddenly spoke up!
“That Snow Treading Cloud Beast hasn’t been seen for a long time, didn’t they say that it’s all gone extinct?”
Bing Lu said in disbelief!
“What is the Snow Treading Cloud Beast?”Chen Ping did not know much about the demonic beasts here!
“It’s a cheetah-like demonic beast that moves very quickly and is so large that it runs on the snow like it’s riding on clouds.”
“That’s why the people in this area call it the Sitting Snow Treading Cloud Beast, but this kind of demonic beast, hasn’t been heard of for years!”
Bing Lu explained to Chen Ping!