“None of you are going to run away, not only did you hit me, you also broke my friend’s hand, I’m going to call the police to arrest you all, I’m going to ask my dad to break your legs ……”
After Zhang Jianpo saw many people around watching, he roared at Gu Ling’er and the girls!
Now so many people are watching, the other party will not do it, if only a few of them, this Jianpo really do not dare to be arrogant, a hand will break the wrist, such strength, Zhang Jianpo also afraid!
Zhang Jianpo took out his mobile phone and was ready to call his father!
Chen Ping looked around at the increasing number of onlookers and his brow furrowed slightly, Chen Yingxia’s face was pale with fear and one hand was clutching Chen Ping’s arm to death!
Su Yuqi said to Chen Yingxia, “Yingxia, you don’t have to be afraid, no one dares to mess with me in Hongcheng yet!”
Just as Zhang Jianpo was on the phone, Zhang Yi squeezed in with his men in a hurry, and when he saw that it was really his own son causing trouble, he was furious!
“You b*****d, I gave you tickets to see the show, not to cause trouble ……”
Zhang Yi stepped forward and was about to hit that Zhang Jianpo!
“Dad, it’s not us causing trouble, it’s someone beating me up, look at my face, they even broke my companion’s arm ……”
Zhang Jianpo was so scared that he hurriedly explained!
Zhang Yi took a look, sure enough there was a bright red palm mark on Zhang Jianpo’s face, obviously he had just been beaten, and then looking at the grim-faced, broken arm of his companion beside Zhang Jianpo, Zhang Yi withdrew his hand!
“Who hit you? Didn’t you say it was my son?”
Zhang Yi said with an angry face.
Although the Zhang family wasn’t considered a top stream in Hongcheng, it wasn’t something that could be messed with by anyone!
“It was them, they were the ones who hit ……”
Zhang Jianpo a Su Yuqi and the others said!
Zhang Yi followed the direction of Zhang Jianpo’s finger and when he saw Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er and Chen Ping, his whole body went limp and he fell towards the ground!
“Dad, what’s wrong with you …………”
Zhang Jianpo hurriedly held Zhang Yi and asked.
After Zhang Yi gave Zhang Jianpo a fierce slap, he hurriedly ran to Su Yuqi and the girls!
“Miss Su, Miss Gu, Mr. Chen, I am really sorry, it is my incompetence in teaching my son that has provoked you, this kid is all yours to do with, I have no complaints at all ……”
Zhang Yi said, he actually knelt down in front of everyone’s eyes!
This time, Zhang Jianpo was dumbfounded, and the people who followed Zhang Jianpo were also dumbfounded!
“Brother Poe, who are these people?” The companion who was following Zhang Jianpo asked with a face full of shock.
Zhang Jianpo shook his head, if he knew, he wouldn’t have messed with them!
“Just wait for your little lives to be lost, one of them is the Miss Su family, one is the granddaughter of the Ancient One, the other is the famous Mr. Chen in Hongcheng, even that Lin Tianhu is a follower of Mr. Chen, you bunch of rash youngsters, you dare to mess with anyone ……”
In the crowd, someone said gloatingly!
At this, Zhang Jianpo froze, his crotch instantly wetting his trousers ……
Every single person in here is an existence that they cannot afford to mess with, a single word could make their Zhang family lose their fortune!
“Get out of the way, get out of the way …………”
With a few shouts, the crowd parted a path and dozens of security guards held hands to block the crowd apart!
Song Tie was wearing sungla*ses and a cheongsam as he walked quickly towards Chen Ping, followed by a bunch of sponsor bigwigs!
“Song Tie ……”
“Song Tie ……”
Many fans saw Song Tie come out and one by one they exclaimed in excitement!
Chen Yingxia was also trembling with excitement when she saw Song Tie in person!
I only saw Song Tie walk straight up to Chen Ping, and after nodding and greeting after Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, he asked Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, are you alright?”
“Do you think I’ll be alright?” Chen Ping smiled faintly!