And the two men looked at Chen Ping coldly, as if they were looking at prey!
“Go to hell ……”
Bao Yu Kun was the first to strike, his entire body leaping up, his sharp claws tearing through the void and heading straight for Chen Ping!
Yao Qing didn’t stay idle either, the spear in his hand was pointed forward, countless spear maces enveloped Chen Ping!
Boom …………
The spear maces rained down on Chen Ping, while Chen Ping held his Zhan Long Sword and tried desperately to resist, continuously emitting the sound of metal clashing!
Bao Yu Kun’s sharp claws instantly enveloped Chen Ping, leaving him with very little space to move around!
In this way, Chen Ping could only face Yao Qing’s countless spear maces!
Explosion ……
With a loud shout from Bao Yukun, the gun mantles instantly exploded with a brilliant light.
Chen Ping leapt up, trying to get out of this pa*sive situation!
But just as his body leapt up, Bao Yu Kun’s claw came in and instantly grabbed Chen Ping’s chest, leaving several marks directly on Chen Ping’s chest!
If it wasn’t for the fact that Chen Ping’s physical body was already strong to a certain point, this claw would probably have ripped out Chen Ping’s internal organs!
“What a strong fleshly body ……”
Bao Yu Kun was surprised to see that his claw had failed to injure Chen Ping!
Yao Qing waved his spear and also frowned slightly and said “All of you go together, kill him first ……”
Yao Qing knew that if he delayed too long, Yue Buqun and the others would come!
Seeing this, the many disciples of the Pill Refining Sect and the Burning Heaven Sect took out their weapons and cut towards Chen Ping!
As Chen Ping looked, the power of the divine Dragon covered his entire body, the Invincible Golden Body activated, a golden light shone out in all directions!
“This fellow, if we don’t kill him now, I’m afraid we won’t have a chance in the future.”
Bao Yu Kun felt the change in Chen Ping’s strength and couldn’t help but leap up once again!
Yao Qing could also feel the threat from Chen Ping, and also raised his spear and stabbed, quickly following Chen Ping into a fight!
With the disciples of the two families constantly attacking Chen Ping, this soon put Chen Ping at a disadvantage!
Chen Ping’s frown tightened as he wielded his Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
I saw Chen Ping block Yao Qing’s attack with his sword, while that Bao Yu Kun slapped Chen Ping on the back with his palm!
Even though he had the Invincible Golden Body, Chen Ping’s internal organs were shaken by this slap, causing his Qi and blood to surge upwards!
“D*mn, it looks like I’m going to die here today ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but curse!
Yao Qing and Bao Yu Kun saw that Chen Ping was showing a declining trend, and with so many people, they were unable to attack one Chen Ping for a long time, they were also anxious!
“Go to hell ……”
Yao Qing shouted explosively, and the spear in his hand shook in the air!
Numerous gun shadows appeared, followed by a blazing stream of powerful qi shooting out from the tip of the gun!
The qi tumbled through the air, turning into thousands of sharp blades and heading towards Chen Ping in a dense manner!
Bao Yu Kun also shouted, his hands turned red and burned with a roaring flame, both palms came out in unison, two flames headed straight for Chen Ping!
Boom …………
The two flames instantly drowned Chen Ping, while the thousands of sharp blades, kept hitting Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body fell heavily to the ground from mid-air.
Yao Qing and Bao Yu Kun, who saw this scene, let out a long breath!
“Finally, we’ve killed this guy, it’s still a bit tough ……”
Yao Qing didn’t expect that it would be so difficult for two people to join forces to kill Chen Ping!
With a wave of Bao Yu Kun’s palm, the flames on Chen Ping’s body went out.
“That sword of this guy is a treasure, don’t break it ……”
After Bao Yu Kun finished speaking, his body fell from mid-air and reached Chen Ping’s body!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s whole body was as black as charcoal, long gone was the golden glittering and majestic look!
The Dragon Cutting Sword was on Chen Ping’s side, and although it had been scorched by the fire, it was still as shiny as ever!