“Mr. Ning, don’t worry, as long as Chen Ping goes to the Dragon Locking Island, that Inferno Dragon will definitely appear, Chen Ping has the Ice Dragon Dragon Crystal on him, and the Inferno Dragon’s strength is definitely at its weakest now, as long as we kill the Inferno Dragon and get the Inferno Dragon Crystal, before we kill that Chen Ping and take out the Ice Dragon Crystal, as long as the two Dragon Crystals fuse, only then will the Dragon Crystal give birth to the power of the divine Dragon! ”
“Many magnificent families can’t see this dragon crystal, thinking it’s of little use, but they don’t know that this dragon crystal must be merged in two pieces, if Sir Ning swallows these two pieces of dragon crystal, I guarantee that your strength will instantly step into the peak of Martial Sect and have the strongest strength in your cla*s!”
Gu Kaiyuan’s eyes were fiery as he said.
When Ning Zhi heard this, his entire body became excited, “Hahahaha, when I obtain the dragon crystals and ascend to the peak of the Martial Sect, I will definitely find a way to give your Gu Family, a place in Kyoto ……”
“Thank you, Sir Ning!”
Gu Kaiyuan hurriedly thanked him!
Although Gu Kaiyuan was the King of the Northwest, the Northwest was after all a barren land, and even if Gu Kaiyuan became the King of the Northwest, he would have little status in the eyes of the clans and families elsewhere!
So he always wanted to squeeze into the Kyoto martial arts community and have a place of his own in Kyoto!
He found Ning Zhi and told him the secret of Locked Dragon Island.
Gu Kaiyuan knew that even if he didn’t say anything himself, with his strength, there was no way he could get two dragon crystals at the same time.
…………
Inside the cruise ship’s bar!
Chen Ping followed Gu Ling’er as he sipped his wine!
This luxurious cruise ship had everything on it, there was even a swimming pool, it was extremely luxurious!
But Chen Ping had no interest in any of this!
It would take two days to get to Dragon Island, so Chen Ping decided to spend those two days with Gu Ling’er.
As for what would happen on the island, no one could imagine!
“Brother Chen Ping, you have a beautiful woman to keep you company, so you’ve forgotten about me, your friend?”
At this moment, Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan walked over and sat straight across from Chen Ping!
The moment he sat down, Gu Kaiyuan’s finger twisted gently and an inaudible breath entered the red wine bottle in front of Chen Ping.
Surprisingly, neither Chen Ping nor Gu Ling’er noticed it!
Chen Ping glanced at Ning Zhi and simply smiled lightly, “Would you like a gla*s?”
“No need, this cruise ship has everything on it, and the scenery on the sea is also beautiful, you are simply letting down this luxurious cruise ship by just sitting here and drinking!”
Ning Zhi said with a faint smile.
“I don’t like to wander around ……”
Chen Ping shook his head!
“Well then, since you don’t like to wander, I’ll leave you to chat with a beautiful woman!”
Ning Zhi stood up and said to Gu Kaiyuan, “Let’s go ……”
Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan got up and left, Gu Ling’er looked at the backs of the two men and said with a frown, “These two guys, they are not good people at first glance, especially the one called Ning Zhi, he is a smiling tiger, he has a heart all over him ……”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently, “He has Zhang Liang’s plan, I have a ladder to cross the wall, I also want to know, they brought me to Locked Dragon Island, what exactly is the purpose!”
“No matter why, it’s definitely no good anyway, you should be careful yourself!”
Gu Ling’er reminded with a worried look on her face.
Just then, Lin Tianhu walked over, and then said, “Mr. Chen, Miss Ling’er, Gu Gu is calling you over!”
Chen Ping was a little strange, wondering what Gu Mantian was suddenly looking for them for!
When they got to Gu Mantian’s room, Gu Mantian said with an excited look on his face, “Chen Ping, have you heard? It turns out that there’s an auction on this cruise ship, I heard that the auction is for antiques salvaged from the sea, I’m going to ask you to go with me to have a look ……”
Gu Wentian’s biggest hobby is collecting antiques, this time when he went on a cruise, he didn’t expect there would be an auction on top of the cruise ship!
“There’s still an auction here?”
Chen Ping was a bit surprised, but on second thought, those who could get on this luxury cruise ship were all rich and status people, so having an auction on top of this would definitely make a lot of money!