Chen Ping saw that the Southern Domain Lord was a very ordinary looking old man, however, the kind of majesty on his body was emanating from the inside out and was not deliberate!
The Southern Domain Lord looked towards Chen Ping, causing Chen Ping to unconsciously lower his head!
Because the pressure that the Southern Domain Lord casually exuded caused Chen Ping to have a feeling like a mountain pressing down on him, he could not help but tense his entire body, and could only put forth his best effort to resist!
The gaze of the Southern Domain Lord lingered on Chen Ping’s body for a long time!
Afterwards, his gaze slowly moved away, then he faintly spoke, “I don’t care about the reason for your armed fight, if you dare to engage in a large-scale armed fight, you will all die!”
With these words, everyone’s bodies shook and their heads broke out in cold sweat!
Several cultivators were directly scared to death as their divine souls went out of their body!
But fortunately, the divine soul was still there, and as long as the physical body wasn’t destroyed, it could still return to the physical body and live again!
“This is bullish, a Transformation Immortal Realm only, haven’t even become a real immortal yet, and he’s so bullish, then when old me finishes looking for the skeleton and remoulds my flesh, I’ll be much more bullish than him.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord was filled with envy!
At this moment, he also wanted to act tough!
When he was alive, he had never even looked squarely at these low realm cultivators!
A dimensional world like the Celestial Realm was just a battlefield for a devil like the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to compete in!
As for the deaths and lives of the cultivators that survived here, they didn’t care at all, and they didn’t think of pretending in front of these cultivators!
After all, when two powerful Immortals fought, they would find a lowly dimensional world!
Even if they blew up this inferior dimensional world, they didn’t care!
It was just some ordinary cultivators, not even ants to them Immortals!
If they die, they die!
This is the law of heaven and earth where strength is honoured!
When there was no strength, no one would care if you lived or died!
“Shut up, don’t cause trouble for me, I don’t want to die, wait until you have recovered your fleshly bull!”
Chen Ping admonished the Red Cloud Demon Lord to keep his mouth shut!
If he really pissed off this domain lord, he was afraid that he would be slapped to death!
However, Chen Ping’s worries were redundant, along with the disappearance of the pressure, the Southern Domain Lord had long since left!
It was not until the Southern Domain Lord had left for a long time that the crowd dared to slowly get up and raise their heads!
Without that pressure, everyone let out a long breath!
At this moment, although both sides were staring angrily, none of them dared to make a move!
Even the domain masters who hadn’t shown up for hundreds of years had been invited, if they dared to make a move, they would definitely be soul-dead!
Mu Qing looked at Chen Ping with a reluctant heart, but he didn’t dare to make a move, and he also received a punch from Chen Ping, his body was injured, and now was not the time to make a move!
In particular, the sudden disappearance of a strand of his father’s divine soul made Mu Qing very worried!
If the Southern Domain Lord blamed it, he was now afraid that his father would be injured!
At this crucial time of closed-door cultivation, if he was injured, it would really be a wasted effort!
A closed door cultivation for nothing!
“Kid, count yourself lucky today, but you’ll never be this lucky in the future.”
“If you’re capable, I’ll see you in a month’s time at the South End City’s martial arts arena.”
“If you dare to come, I’ll be waiting for you, if you don’t dare, then this debt will still be counted by our Mu Family on the head of the Broad Cold Palace!”
Mu Qing gritted his teeth and said with cold eyes!
Chen Ping, whom he originally did not place in his eyes in the slightest, was now setting a bet!
“What’s there to be afraid of, after a month, there’s no way you can be my opponent.”
Chen Ping had full confidence that after a month, Mu Qing’s strength of this first rank of the Mahayana realm would not be placed in his eyes at all!
“Good, have the guts, I’ll wait for you!”
After Mu Qing finished speaking, he whisked his sleeve and left, taking the Mu Family crowd with him!
The chaotic scene just now became quite quiet at this moment!