“I was able to find such a large Immortal Spirit Stone, I also took a great risk, but it was worth it, after selling the Immortal Spirit Stone, I will be able to give to help my brother a little bit, so that he doesn’t have to suffer too much inside the prison.”
The girl finished speaking, then looked at Chen Ping and asked, “What are you going to sell?”
“Oh, I’m also going to sell Immortal Spirit Stones, just not as big as yours!”
Chen Ping casually pulled out an Immortal Spirit Stone as well, but it was much smaller than the girl’s!
“Yours isn’t small either, I know a place that acquires Immortal Spirit Stones for the highest price, follow me.”
“By the way, I still don’t know what your name is, my name is Missy.”
The girl enthusiastically followed Chen Ping and said!
“My name is Chen Ping!”Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
The two travelled in pairs, and since they were still a hundred miles away from the Beast City, it would also take some time before they could arrive!
But the two had just travelled not much further when Chen Ping’s brows furrowed slightly and his expression became wary!
Because not far behind them, several auras were locking onto them!
That the youngest sister seems to have nothing to notice, still smiling forward, while walking also chatting with Chen Ping side!
“Youngest Sister, you stole the Grand Duke’s Immortal Spirit Stones and still dare to blatantly go to the Beast City to sell them, it’s really against the law.”
At this time, several figures rushed out from behind Chen Ping and the others, and then blocked the path of Chen Ping and the youngest sister!
When the youngest sister saw these people, she wasn’t afraid and moved towards Chen Ping, then said, “Who stole the Great Duke’s Immortal Spirit Stones? I only went to Beast City to see my brother, don’t you guys try to frame me.”
“I’m going to Beast City with Big Brother Chen, if you guys piss off Big Brother Chen, I’ll make you all suffer!”
These few people all looked at Chen Ping, and their faces revealed a few difficult colours!
These few people were all at the fifth or sixth rank of the Transition Realm, and they did not dare to disrespect Chen Ping, a ninth rank Transition Realm cultivator!
However, they had come to retrieve the Immortal Spirit Stones and could not let the youngest sister go!
“Fellow Daoist, we are from Gai Shi Fort, this youngest sister has stolen our Grand Duke’s Immortal Spirit Stone, so we must take it back, and we hope that you will not intervene!”
A bearded cultivator, arched his hand towards Chen Ping and said!
“Nonsense you, I picked that Immortal Spirit Stone myself, it’s not your Grand Duke’s.”
“Big brother Chen, don’t listen to their nonsense, they just see me as weak and want to bully me ……”
That youngest sister grabbed Chen Ping’s sleeve and said with an aggrieved face!
“That Immortal Spirit Stone, whether you stole it or you picked it, has nothing to do with me either.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly set aside that youngest sister’s hand!
That youngest sister froze, while a few people from the Gai Shi Fort surrounded her!
“Youngest Sister, take out the Immortal Spirit Stones and your life can be spared!”That bearded cultivator said!
“You really aren’t a man, you don’t know a bit about pitying jade, thanks to the fact that I’ve been with you for so half a day!”
The youngest sister glared fiercely at Chen Ping, and finally helplessly took out the Immortal Spirit Stone!
The bearded man received the Immortal Spirit Stone, then with a wave of his hand, he directly let the people take control of the youngest sister!
“You guys let go of me, let go of me, I have returned the Immortal Spirit Stones to you.”
“I want to go to Beast City to see my brother, I want to go see my brother!”
The youngest sister struggled, but it was simply useless!
Chen Ping looked at the struggling Youngest Sister, and then walked forward to block the path of those cultivators!
“Fellow Daoist, since the Immortal Spirit Stones have been returned to you, then give me face and release her.”
Chen Ping said to the bearded cultivator!
The bearded cultivator sized up Chen Ping and finally waved his hand helplessly, releasing Missy!
Because in front of absolute strength, they had to do the same!
After the few cultivators left, that youngest sister cried, and cried with pearly blossoms!