“Not bad, that’s what it says!”The hunchbacked old man nodded!
“Formation master, formation master ……”
Mu Qiufeng’s brows furrowed as he muttered!
Suddenly, Mu Qiufeng’s eyes rounded and his expression became furious, “I know, Two Yi Sect, it must be those people from Two Yi Sect.”
“The spirit boat they’re piloting is the spirit boat of Elder Liu and the others, and within the cabin, there must be a pill master hidden.”
“Only with this group of people coming together could they cause so much damage to Elder Liu and the others!”
When Mu Qiufeng said this, everyone reacted as well!
“No wonder I don’t feel quite right, there’s also that so-called prince of the Xiao Dynasty, that guy’s strength isn’t weak, he’s perfectly capable of dealing with Elder Liu.”
“We all fell for it, at that time, they were the ones who prevented me from entering the cabin to check ……”
The hunchbacked old man said!
“Bad, I also told them about the island and told them to go to the island.”
“There aren’t many people guarding the island right now, if these people really go up to the island, then it will be troublesome, quickly go back, quickly go back ……”
Mu Qiufeng reacted and hissed loudly!
The spirit boat under his feet, flew and turned its direction, rushing towards the island!
Mu Qiufeng was trembling with anger, he was still trying his best to invite the other party to the island, wasn’t this leading the wolf into the house?
“Accelerate, accelerate, we must stop them before they board the island!”
Mu Qiufeng shouted!
And at this moment on the island, the disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect were watching over Su Tianshuo and the others!
These pill masters, in the future, would become the slaves of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, endlessly refining pills for them every day!
“Feng Xing, you old piker, as long as we have a chance to escape, we will definitely kill you first.”
Su Tianshuo was locked up inside a dark dungeon, cursing at Feng Xing!
Now that the Patriarch of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, the elders had all gone out, Feng Xing had directly become the biggest leader here!
Su Tianshuo and the rest of them, the pill masters, were then all directly locked up!
In fact, Feng Xing knew best that even with good food and drink, Su Tianshuo and the others would not be able to stay on this island and refine pills for the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect!
In order to prevent Su Tianshuo and the others from escaping, Feng Xing directly locked them all into the dungeon!
There were several formations around the dungeon, even if there was no one guarding them, Su Tianshuo and all of them would not be able to escape!
“President Su, what’s the use of cursing me now, you might as well save your strength, or else you’ll suffer a lot if you can’t practice or waste resources when refining the pills.”
Feng Xing said with a cold smile!
“Elder Feng, I can be obedient, can you let me out ah, I promise not to run!”
Pao Long Xing knew that if they were locked up, then there would be no possibility of escape!
After all, all of them were only pharmacists, no one knew about formations!
Now they could only beg Feng Xing, just don’t let themselves suffer too much!
“You also stay honestly inside the dungeon, when the remaining pharmacists and that Chen Ping’s body are found, you people will have to start working!”
Feng Xing left from the dungeon with a big smile!
This time, the many pill masters inside the dungeon started to accuse Su Tianshuo!
Bao Longxing was the one who accused the heaviest, having already become a prisoner, there was no need to be holding Su Tianshuo up!
“With a brain like yours, how did you become president? You even negotiated a co-operation with the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!”
“Now that we’ve all become prisoners of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, I’m afraid we’ll have to toil here until we die in the future.”
Bao Longxing angrily said to Su Tianshuo!
“Yes, it’s all because of you, you don’t take care of your good Pill Master Association President, and you still think of dominating the entire Celestial Realm of Pill Masters, who do you think you are?”
“Now we’re screwed, it’s all because of you, you’re responsible.”
“Pissed me off, brothers, beat this Su Tianshuo up ……”
As soon as someone suggested it, a lot of people responded and took action against Su Tianshuo!