“Good, I will definitely send someone to take care of those ancient trees with great care, besides, I will go and find the spirit brush and vermilion sand that Mr. Chen needs, I am very familiar with Daoist Master Bu Xu of the Thunderbolt View!”
Gu Wentian said.
“Then thank you Ancient!” Chen Ping nodded, “It’s getting late, I have to go back too!”
Chen Ping looked at the time, it was about to be noon and he was going home for dinner.
“If Mr. Chen does not mind, then you can have a casual meal here, I will order my subordinates to prepare it!”
Gu Wentian asked cautiously.
The current Gu Wentian had long admired Chen Ping and wanted to find the opportunity to flatter him more!
Chen Ping looked at that look of Gu Wentian and nodded, “Then I’ll hara*s Ancient!”
“No hara*sment, no hara*sment ……”
Gu Wentian was overjoyed and immediately ordered people to start preparing the meal!
………………
Hongcheng Hospital, Xiao Lei’s arm was already bandaged up, Geng Shanshan was looking after it!
“This Chen Ping, when I get well, I’ll get him to death ……”
Xiao Lei roared, venting his anger!
Breaking his arm, spoiling his wedding, making the Xiao family a laughing stock in Hongcheng, he couldn’t swallow this anger!
“Brother Lei, don’t be angry, I’ve asked Fu Wei to find someone to clean up that Chen Ping, this time they’re all practitioners, they’ll definitely be able to beat that Chen Ping half to death!”
Geng Shanshan said as she peeled an orange.
“If it wasn’t for the Su family standing in the way, that Chen Ping would have died long ago!”
Xiao Lei gritted his teeth, his eyes filled with a cold aura as he took the orange that Geng Shanshan had peeled and threw it into his mouth!
Just then, Geng Shanshan’s phone rang, after picking it up, Geng Shanshan’s face quickly changed and she hung up immediately after!
“Who is it?” Xiao Lei asked.
“Fu Wei called, he said that several of them were beaten up by Chen Ping, and Fu Wei’s arm was also broken!” Geng Shanshan frowned, “What exactly did this Chen Ping learn in his three years in prison? How come he’s become such a good fighter?”
“Rubbish, it’s those cla*smates of yours who are rubbish, what kind of practitioner can they find, rubbish stuff, looks like I’ll have to find it myself!”
Xiao Lei at this time anger is more, looking at Geng Shanshan in front of him, a pull over, directly tore off the clothes!
“Ah …… Brother Lei!”
Geng Shanshan shrieked, this is in the hospital ward inside!
Xiao Lei didn’t care about that, he needed to vent his anger to do so, but when he was ready to vent, he found out how he couldn’t do it anymore!
Xiao Lei panicked, he didn’t understand what was wrong with him, could it be that if his arm was broken, the rest of the body would also be affected?
“Lei …… brother Lei, are you too nervous?”
Geng Shanshan asked cautiously.
“Nervous you paralyzed, give me lie down ……”
Xiao Lei violently pushed Geng Shanshan and began to work again, but no matter how busy he was, it still didn’t help at all!
“Cough cough …………”
At this time, Xiao Yan walked in and when he saw his son following Geng Shanshan that way, he blushed and coughed twice!
Xiao Lei was startled, and that Geng Shanshan was even more startled as she hurriedly put on her clothes!
“It’s just nonsense, can you fool around like this when your arm is broken?”
Xiao Yan reprimanded at Xiao Lei!
Xiao Lei lowered his head, but his eyes were filled with anger as he said, “Dad, I want that Chen Ping to die, I will make sure he dies!”
At this moment, Xiao Lei blamed Chen Ping for his failure, it was him breaking his arm that caused this.
In fact, it was really Chen Ping’s doing, but it wasn’t the breaking of his arm, but when he was at Geng’s house, Chen Ping had directly nullified Xiao Lei’s ability to be a man!
“Don’t worry about this matter, just take care of your injuries, that Chen Ping I have to investigate, it’s surprising that Lin Tianhu doesn’t even move him, I have to see if there is any power behind this kid!”
Xiao Yan was also angry but not yet confused, he knew that Lin Tianhu didn’t move Chen Ping, there must be a reason!