“Good, I received your sincerity, the matter of the Execution Order, we can stay out of it.”
“As for my big brother’s injuries, since you’re so generous, I’ll take the thirty thousand immortal spirit stones for my big brother.”
“However, I always do things with a clear distinction between grudges, if you really provide us with a large amount of Immortal Spirit Stones, if there is an opportunity in the future, I will definitely double the repayment.”
Lin Kefan took a deep breath and decided not to reveal his identity as the Fourth Prince of Sun Moon City for the time being, and to get his hands on the Immortal Spirit Stones first.
Once the Immortal Spirit Stones were in hand, it would not be too late to bring Chen Ping to Sun Moon City, the resources within Sun Moon City were also facing depletion, it would be good to get so many Immortal Spirit Stones at once!
Not to mention that Chen Ping was his own brother-in-law, and the immortal spirit stones were considered all his own, so this shouldn’t be considered a lie!
“Haha, repayment is not necessary, I, Chen Ping, never care about what the other person can bring to me when making friends, I only value whether or not the person is worth making friends with.”
Chen Ping laughed out loud and patted Lin Kefan’s shoulder, there was both sincerity and a bit of smugness in that smile, “Remember, in this world, strength and wisdom are equally important, but what’s more important is which side you’re on, and who you choose to travel with.”
Seeing this, the Flower Staff Weng and Ink Killing Shadow also stated one after another that they were willing to follow Chen Ping, and since Lin Kefan hadn’t said anything, they would be even less likely to object.
Although they still had misgivings in their hearts, but in the face of such an outspoken and seemingly unfathomable person, who would be willing to easily miss out on an opportunity that might change their fate?
Perhaps this Chen Ping really did have an Immortal Spirit Stone mine, and then they could use the Immortal Spirit Stones as waste stones as they pleased!
As the four reached a consensus, the atmosphere in mid-air became relaxed.
The expressions on the faces of the three of them, Lin Kefan, gradually shifted from initial surprise and confusion to curiosity and anticipation.
They began to believe that perhaps this choice could really open a door to unknown opportunities for them.
As for the originator of all this, Chen Ping, he had a breezy look on his face, as if he had everything under control.
He knew very well that true pretence did not lie in superficial pomposity, but in that convincing aura, and that charm that made his opponents follow him willingly.
“Since you guys chose to hang out with me, don’t stand outside anymore, go with me to the Imperial City to drink tea and chat ……”
Since Lin Kefan did not choose to reveal his identity, then Chen Ping kept pretending to be confused.
“Brother Chen, drinking tea and chatting is not urgent, that thirty thousand immortal spirit stones you mentioned??”
Lin Kefan wanted to get the thirty thousand immortal spirit stones first!
“I don’t have it on me right now, but I’ll notify the mine right away and send the immortal spirit stones over in the next day or two.”
“Send over one hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones directly, and give the three of you a share ……”
Chen Ping said casually!
Lin Kefan saw that it was only a matter of waiting for a day or two, there shouldn’t be any delay, so he nodded and followed Chen Ping into the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Returning to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Chen Ping settled the three of them, Lin Kefan, and then went to inform that Criminal Daorong, he asked Criminal Daorong to send over all the Immortal Spirit Stones from the Beast City!
Chen Ping knew that no matter what, in the end, he was going to be taken to Sun Moon City!
All to prepare some Immortal Spirit Stones to bribe this Fourth Prince to give himself a few good words when he arrived at Sun Moon City!
Otherwise, just for beating up his great uncle and playing with his mother-in-law and all these things, Chen Ping would be enough to drink a pot!
“Fourth Prince, what do you think is true about what this Chen Ping said?”
Flower Staff Weng asked in a low voice!
“Old Weng, I see that this Taoist Chen is very sincere and not a liar, don’t always judge a gentleman by a small man’s heart.”
Mo Killing Shadow said with great dissatisfaction!
It seemed that this fellow had indeed been successfully brainwashed by Chen Ping and truly believed in him!
“I feel that this Chen Ping’s words are three parts true and seven parts false ……”
Lin Kefan said!