Hu Puzi stopped talking and followed closely behind Chen Ping.
Shi Yan led Chen Ping and the others into a secret room, which was dimly lit inside, and just as they walked into the room, Chen Ping and Hu Pazzi felt the oppressive power within the room!
Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi were stunned, and both of them stopped in their tracks at the same time, while Shi Yan hurriedly explained, “Don’t be nervous, because this Heavenly Opportunity Decree is too precious, so my father put it in this secret room, and put suppression spells inside, in order to suppress the strength of those who enter the secret room.”
“This is to prevent someone from forcibly taking away the Heavenly Opportunity Decree, as long as one exits this secret chamber, this suppression will disappear, it will not cause any effect on the body, please rest a*sured.”
Seeing Shi Yan say so, only then did Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi continue to walk towards the secret chamber, but just after two steps, the door behind them suddenly closed behind Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, but when he looked at Shi Yan in front of him, he had already gone outside through another exit, and when Chen Ping and Hu Pazi wanted to go out through the other exit, the door was also heavily closed!
Chen Ping and Hu Pazi were trapped in the secret room, and there was no Heaven’s Gift Order inside the secret room!
Creak …………
A piercing sound rang out, and the originally dimly lit chamber became bright and transparent all around.
Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi saw Shi Yan at this moment, looking at them with a cold smile on his face!
“Young Pavilion Master, what do you mean by this?”
Chen Ping asked with a cold face as he turned to Shi Yan.
“It means nothing, it’s just that someone asked me to catch you, it’s as simple as that ……”
Shi Yan said with a cold smile.
“Did Ning Zhi ask you to do this?”
Chen Ping asked calmly.
Shi Yan faintly stared, “How do you know?”
“Not only do I know, but I also know that he is here!”
Chen Ping finished, then turned his gaze behind Shi Yan, “Ning Zhi, come out, you want to seek revenge on me, but you don’t dare to face me, the titled young master of the Ning family, the former leader of the young generation in the martial arts world of Kyoto, are you now such a coward?”
As Chen Ping’s words fell, I only saw Ning Zhi slowly walk out and looked angrily at Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, I actually want to thank you, if you hadn’t forced me to this point, my strength wouldn’t have reached what it is now, and I wouldn’t have known that I was actually a special physique!”
“If it wasn’t for the Lord Demon Envoy wanting your flesh, why would I have bothered to capture you, I would have just beheaded you and let your soul fly away.”
Although Chen Ping was imprisoned in a secret room at this moment, his face was not the least bit alarmed as he smiled faintly and said, “You think that’s even arresting me?”
Ning Zhi froze and looked at Shi Yan.
“No one who is locked up in this chamber can escape, the suppressive force inside will make you an ordinary person, how can you escape?”
Shi Yan said to Chen Ping.
He was also saying this to Ning Zhi, so that Ning Zhi could be a*sured that Chen Ping could not escape ……
“No one has ever escaped?” Chen Ping sneered, “Are you imagining your broken secret room to be too perfect ……”
“What, can you still escape from the secret room?”
Shi Yan took two steps forward, with a provocative look in his eyes.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but answered him with actual actions!
He only saw Chen Ping clench his fist, a golden light shining above his fist, and then he blasted his fist towards the wall of the secret room!
Boom …………
There was a loud sound, the terrifying spiritual power instantly collapsed the secret room, and the residual energy did not diminish, swirling up a gust of wind, blowing the approaching Shi Yan backwards out!
The chamber was not strong, because the people who entered the chamber were all suppressed by the suppression force, so they could not have the ability to open the chamber at all!