“Liu Xing, if we insist on going in, what can you do?”
“Yue Buqun doesn’t show up and still won’t let us in, I’m afraid there’s something that your Pure Yang Sect can’t see, right?”
Tong Youcai said with a sneer on his face.
“It’s your Heavenly Thunder Sect that has something to do with not being able to see anyone ……”
At this moment, Liu Rui heard the commotion and rushed over with his men!
Seeing that it was Liu Rui who had arrived, Tong Youcai’s eyes flashed with a brilliant light.
“Miss Liu is getting prettier and prettier, this little figure is simply perfect ……”
Tong Youcai unconcealedly looked at Liu Rui with his lustful eyes!
This gaze from Tong Youcai caused Liu Xing to burst into a rage!
Who didn’t know that in the Pure Yang Sect, Liu Xing and Liu Rui were golden girls, the two were almost childhood friends, and Liu Xing liked Liu Rui very much!
Now that Tong Youcai was molesting Liu Rui in front of Liu Xing, of course Liu Xing would get angry!
“Tong Youcai, shut your stinking mouth, believe it or not, I will swell your stinking mouth?”
Liu Xing looked at Tong Youcai angrily and said angrily.
“Hahahaha, just with your strength, do you have that ability?”
“If you have the ability, then do it, I’ll wait for you ……”
Tong Youcai actually stuck his face out in front of Liu Xing, deliberately stimulating Liu Xing to make a move!
Liu Rui, on the other hand, pulled Liu Xing’s coat at the side, “Senior brother, don’t be impulsive, this guy is deliberately provoking you.”
If Liu Xing, at this time, made the first move, then it would be a loss of reason.
In front of so many people, Liu Xing would then be unable to defend himself in a hundred words!
Liu Xing’s face was red with anger, his fists were clenched tightly together, and the aura on his body kept exploding!
Seeing that Liu Xing didn’t dare to make a move, Tong Youcai said with a smile, “Since you don’t dare to make a move, then get out of the way and get out of the way.”
“Either hand over that evil cultivator or let us in ……”
Liu Xing looked at Tong Youcai’s arrogant look and could not stand it anymore!
Fiercely, a fist smashed at Tong Youcai.
But just when Liu Xing’s fist was about to hit Tong Youcai, Tong Youcai’s body fiercely withdrew and dodged the fist!
Immediately afterwards, Tong Youcai’s fist swung out.
Before Liu Xing could retract his swinging fist, Tong Youcai’s punch was already in front of him!
Obviously, Tong Youcai had already prepared for it and was waiting for Liu Xing to strike!
Boom …………
Caught off guard, Liu Xing was hit hard in the chest and his body retreated straight backwards!
He retreated several steps in a row until he was held by a disciple of the Pure Yang Sect, and only then did Liu Xing stabilise himself!
Liu Xing looked at Tong Youcai with anger and frustration, in front of so many elders from various sects, Liu Xing was punched by Tong Youcai, he could not swallow this anger!
He could admit that Liu Xing’s strength was no match for Tong Youcai’s, but Tong Youcai’s strength was no match for Tong Youcai’s. Liu Xing’s strength should be on par with Tong Youcai’s!
Now two people whose skills were on par, Liu Xing was knocked back with a punch, which left his old face nowhere to be found.
“Tong Youcai, I’ll kill you ……”
Liu Xing roared in anger and charged towards Tong Youcai again!
But at this time, Chen Ping slowly walked out and walked straight to the door, saying to the people from the various sects in front of him, “Are you looking for me? Saying that I am an evil cultivator?”
Tong Youcai glanced at Chen Ping and asked, “Your name is Chen Ping?”
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
“Then it’s yours, you are the evil cultivator, did you injure my brother?”
Tong Youcai asked.
“You’re talking about Tong Youcai of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, right? That’s right, I was the one who injured him, what do you want?”
Chen Ping nodded with a calm face.
“Humph, you evil cultivator, you dare to injure my brother, today I will take revenge for my brother and kill you, an evil cultivator, to remove the harm for the people ……”
With a gloomy face, Tong Youcai flipped his palm and a long knife appeared.
A crimson glow shone above the long knife!