Xiaolan hailed a taxi and the two of them got into the car and headed for the Miao Village.
The Miao Village was in the mountains of the southwest, so they could only reach the foot of the mountain by car, and the rest of the way would be on foot, so it would probably be midnight before they reached the Miao Village.
Chen Ping and Xiao Lan sat in the back of the car, while the driver was constantly watching their every move through the rear-view mirror.
Chen Ping put his arm around Xiaolan the whole time and leaned on Xiaolan’s shoulder.
Soon, Chen Ping’s head was lying in Xiao Lan’s arms, and his eyes were full of greed as he rubbed against Xiao Lan’s arms.
Both hands also became unfaithful.
Xiaolan glared at Chen Ping, but Chen Ping acted as if he didn’t see it, still doing as he pleased!
Suddenly, Xiaolan’s body trembled, she only felt Chen Ping’s hands touching her sensitive places every now and then.
Xiao Lan gritted her teeth, she didn’t know if this guy Chen Ping was intentional or unintentional, but that electric-like feeling made Xiao Lan’s body tense up and she clenched her teeth to keep quiet.
But soon Xiaolan’s face became red and her breathing was also a bit rapid, and she pressed her hands against Chen Ping, not wanting him to move.
After driving for more than two hours, Xiaolan felt as if a year had pa*sed, and the strange sensations in her body almost made her sink into the seat.
Soon the car stopped at the foot of the mountain and the taxi driver opened the door with a faint smile, “Miss Xiaolan, we’ve arrived at the place, congratulations on your successful mission, King Miao is waiting for you ……”
Xiao Lan looked at the taxi driver in front of her with some surprise, she didn’t expect this taxi driver to be from the Miao Village, fortunately she and Chen Ping didn’t show any difference in the taxi and didn’t say anything, otherwise wouldn’t they be wearing out their welcome.
Xiao Lan stepped out of the taxi, but just as her feet hit the ground, her legs went limp and she almost fell over, fortunately Chen Ping was quick to see and hold Xiao Lan in place.
When the taxi driver saw this, he smiled faintly and said, “Miss Xiaolan’s charm is really powerful, this kid is all charmed by you ……”
After saying that, the taxi driver got into the car and left.
Seeing the taxi leave, Xiaolan hurriedly pushed Chen Ping away: “You big pervert, where are you touching me in the car?”
Xiaolan waited for Chen Ping, the flush on her face had not yet receded.
Chen Ping didn’t care, but smiled slightly and said, “If I didn’t do that, wouldn’t I be seen by the people of your Miao Village?”
Xiaolan looked at Chen Ping with some surprise, “You knew right from the start that the driver driving the car was from the Miao Village?”
“Of course, or else you really thought I was eating your tofu!” Chen Ping raised the corner of his mouth, “Hurry up and go, or you’ll have to spend the night in this mountain forest.”
Xiao Lan wanted to go, but her legs were still weak at this moment, and she had gritted her teeth for the past two hours.
Seeing Xiao Lan’s appearance, Chen Ping smiled, “Do you want me to carry you?”
“No, you just stay away from me ……”
Xiaolan glared at Chen Ping.
“Don’t forget, this is the territory of the Miao Village now, maybe there are still people from the Miao Village inside this mountain forest, don’t blame me if you wear it out then ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked directly towards the mountain.
The two of them were like glue and paint as they walked towards the mountain.
Chen Ping also did not expect that this Miao King would be so cautious, and even though Xiaolan was his righteous daughter, he could not trust her and sent someone to observe secretly.
At this moment, it was already dark, and Chen Ping was still walking along the mountain road after Xiaolan.
And in a valley over this mountain, it was brightly lit, and this was the Miao fortress.