Chen Ping was just an ordinary person, how could he possibly cultivate that fast!
Anna didn’t believe it, and neither did Andrew!
Seeing that Anna didn’t believe him, Chen Ping could only helplessly spread his hands and said, “Since you don’t believe me, I’ll just have to let you see.”
“They say that you women have long hair and short knowledge, and it’s really true.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he looked towards the four men in black who were wailing not far away and raised his hand with a flick!
An overwhelming, terrifying aura arrived in an instant!
Boom …………
The four men in black were turned into crumbs in an instant, leaving nothing behind, like snowflakes, falling to the ground!
It was as if those four men in black had never existed!
Seeing this scene, Anna was dumbfounded, and so was Andrew ……
It was only after a long time that Anna reacted and turned excited!
“No …… I didn’t expect you to really be the Grand Marquis, great, great ……”
Anna actually went up and hugged Chen Ping with excitement, kissing him desperately on his face, expressing her happiness!
This time, it confused Chen Ping, desperately trying to push Anna away!
These foreign girls are too open ……
But just as Chen Ping was pushing and shoving Anna, while Anna was holding on to him and kissing him, Chen Ping suddenly felt a terrifying aura that sent a chill down his back!
Chen Ping’s sweat stood up, he had never felt such a great sense of crisis before!
Desperately pushing Anna away, Chen Ping hurriedly turned around, only to see a group of girls, Gu Ling’er, not far away, staring at him intently!
Each girl had a bit of anger in her eyes!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s head was about to explode!
“Good for you Chen Ping, no wonder you’re not shopping with us, so you’ve come over to look for a foreign girl, and an old acquaintance at that ……”
Xiaolan was the first to say to Chen Ping.
Xiaolan had met Anna a year ago during the International Competition and the two had often gone toe-to-toe over Chen Ping!
Now when Xiaolan saw Chen Ping and Anna hugging and kissing each other, her anger rose!
Gu Ling’er also knew Anna, and she didn’t mind Chen Ping finding a confidante. Gu Ling’er knew that a man as good as Chen Ping would have many women in the future!
But to be sneaky like Chen Ping, and to be so intimate, made it a little hard for Gu Ling’er.
After all, apart from Su Yuqi, she was the first one to follow Chen Ping, and now she and Chen Ping hadn’t been so intimate, only to have Anna steal the show!
“Brother Chen Ping, your appetite is getting bigger and bigger now ……”
Xiao Ru sighed helplessly and said.
“Brother Chen, you like foreign girls, no wonder my sister jumped into your arms and you didn’t even move her ……”
Xiao Min also pouted her lips, very dissatisfied said.
This made Ji Ru Xue shy, and she quickly said to Xiao Min, “Children, what are you talking nonsense.”
“Chen Ping, who is this foreign girl?”
Ge Jiayi stepped forward and questioned Chen Ping.
Faced with so many women, he was questioning them with one word, Chen Ping’s head was about to explode!
Zhao Barging and Fan Jiang looked at Chen Ping like that, and the two of them could only sneer!
Having more women can sometimes be a burden ……
“Hello sisters, my name is Anna, and I’ve been an old friend to Chen Ping as well, just now I was with Chen Ping, just wanting to express how I feel about seeing my old friend.”
“This is how we all greet each other here, I hope you don’t misunderstand.”
Without waiting for Chen Ping to say anything, Anna opened her mouth and explained to Gu Ling’er and the girls.
“Yes, yes, yes, we just greeted each other in a ritual way.”
“After all, this is the Bear Country and Anna is from this country, so she is more excited to see me.”
Chen Ping followed in a hurry.
“Yes, I’ve also heard that when you greet someone abroad, you kiss them on the mouth ……”
Zhao Barging, at this time, also popped out a sentence!
This sentence, instantly made the crowd laugh, also relieved the tension!