Chen Ping nodded slightly as he listened to Lin Chong’s words!
This Celestial Realm seemed to have deep enough water, but now that he had Sun Moon City as his hall, he would no longer want to be chased around like he had been at the beginning!
This would give him more time to spend on cultivation, he must raise his cultivation as soon as possible and then break through the Heaven Ascension Ladder!
If one was able to break through the Heaven Ascension Ladder, one wouldn’t have to slowly cultivate until they ascended to the Heaven Realm!
But the main thing right now, that was to first resolve the Ten Temples.
After resolving the Ten Temples, there would be no more people posing a threat to Chen Ping, and then Chen Ping would be able to walk freely in the Celestial Realm!
He had to find Su Yuqi, he couldn’t just break through the Heavenly Stairs and ascend to the Heavenly Realm himself, and Su Yuqi was still in the Celestial Realm without being found, in that case Chen Ping wouldn’t be at ease either!
There was also the Alchemy Sect Patriarch, who must also find a way to save him, this was something Chen Ping had promised!
As for the skeleton of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, whether it could be found or not, it would be less important to talk about it when the time came!
In fact, letting the Red Cloud Demon Monarch stay in his Sea of Consciousness was also quite good, not only did he have one more helper in times of crisis, but it was also equivalent to having one more Hundred Treasure Sac, after all, this guy had seen a lot of things as well!
If he really went to the Heavenly Realm, everything would be unfamiliar to Chen Ping, but for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, it would all be familiar!
“Kid, what do you take old me for? Don’t want old me to be reborn?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was very angry as he roared at Chen Ping!
“Senior, I was just thinking casually, I definitely want to help you find all the skeletons!”
Chen Ping was filled with embarrassment, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, and what Chen Ping thought some times, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was also able to know!
“Father, you release Chen Ping immediately, if you dare to touch a single hair on his head, I will immediately sever my relationship with you and die within this great hall of yours!”
At this moment, a light shout came, followed by Lin Keting’s figure rushing in hurriedly!
He was followed by Lin Kefan and Daoist Wuji!
Immediately after hearing her fourth brother Lin Kefan’s words, Lin Keting couldn’t stay any longer and kicked open the door of the confinement room, rushing towards the grand hall!
Anyways, she and Chen Ping were also considered to be people who were set for life!
Now that her own father was actually going to waste one of Chen Ping’s root arms, how could Lin Keting agree to that!
However, when Lin Keting rushed in, they were instantly dumbfounded!
Because at this moment, Chen Ping was sitting on the dragon chair, slowly sipping tea, while Lin Chong was standing at one side, respectfully waiting!
Lin Chong’s face still had a smile on it, without a hint of displeasure!
“What is this …… this situation?”
Lin Kefan a confused asked!
Just now when he left, the two were still at swords drawn, how did they become like this now!
Especially Chen Ping, how dare he sit on the dragon chair?
“I’m just curious, is this dragon chair comfortable to sit in, I just tried it ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly got up and said to Lin Chong, “You sit, you sit ……”
Lin Chong also reacted, rushed to sit on the dragon chair, faintly smiled and said, “Just now, Xian son-in-law just try the dragon chair, anyway, we are all family, just sit and sit!”
“Xian son-in-law, family?”
Lin Kefan’s face was full of consternation, he, his own son, didn’t even dare to sit on that dragon chair for a bit!
Chen Ping, a virtuous son-in-law who cannot be considered a member of the family, can sit on it?
“Dad, what do you mean by this, you approve of Chen Ping?”Lin Keting asked!
“Approved, of course I approve, just now I was just testing him.”
“Such a good virtuous son-in-law, there’s nowhere to find him, you’ve found a good home.”
“I’ve decided, you’ll get married tonight, we’ll all be family from now on!”
Lin Chong said cheerfully!
“Dad, what are you babbling about?”Lin Keting’s face instantly turned red!