Chen Ping was slightly startled, because listening to the voice, it was obviously from Ge Fuhai.
But when Chen Ping looked downwards, he found that Ge Fuhai was hundreds of metres away and was looking right at him!
Chen Ping didn’t understand why Ge Fuhai was telling himself this, but he didn’t have time to think about it now!
“Kid, aren’t you a bully? How come you can’t break this formation anymore?”
A black copper robe looked towards Chen Ping, his voice full of ridicule.
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly glued, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was held in a deadly grip, he knew that this time, he was afraid that it would be a vicious battle!
“Open the formation ……”
Immediately afterwards, a loud blast rang out, like an explosive thunderclap, in Chen Ping’s ears.
The martial arts arena where Chen Ping and the others were then began to shake violently, and space began to become distorted.
When Chen Ping looked around, he found that all those people around them were slowly disappearing, and in the end, only a few of them were left in this martial arts arena, which had long been empty all around.
Chen Ping knew that the people around him had not disappeared, but that the other party had activated the spatial magic weapon, and they should now just be in another dimension!
The people around them, however, were able to really see Chen Ping and the others, only what they saw was not a real scene, but more like a mapped out image!
“Suffer death ……”
The four black bronze robes spoke at the same time!
Chen Ping only felt that from all sides, a loud sound came from all directions at the same time, and immediately afterwards, he felt his mind dizzy, and his entire body almost lost consciousness!
“Divine Sense Attack ……”
Chen Ping’s face changed, followed by an instant flash of white light in his mind, he didn’t expect these four guys to suddenly launch a divine sense attack, taking advantage of the fact that Chen Ping was in a moment of tension to directly attack Chen Ping’s mental power!
This was because one’s spiritual power would become very fragile under extreme tension and could be easily crushed.
Just as Chen Ping was slightly lost in thought, the four Black Bronze Robes struck at the same time, and four streaks of light went straight for Chen Ping, instantly hitting him!
Chen Ping’s body flew straight out, apparently empty in front of him, but after flying hundreds of metres, Chen Ping’s body suddenly hit something in general and fell hard to the ground!
Chen Ping got up and looked at nothing in front of him, but when he reached out to touch it, an invisible barrier violently appeared.
“Within this alien space, unless you die, or we die, this space will not be broken, and you don’t need to think about escaping, show your greatest ability ……”
After one black copper robe finished speaking, his sleeves waved, and his black sleeve robe was like a spiritual snake, instantly heading towards Chen Ping.
Seeing this, the other three black bronze robes also instantly waved their sleeves, and the four robes, which were like spiritual snakes, instantly wrapped Chen Ping’s body in a deadly embrace!
Immediately afterwards, the four men exerted a violent force, and Chen Ping’s body was directly pulled back, suspended in mid-air!
Chen Ping’s face changed as a golden light appeared on his body, and the terrifying power of the divine dragon erupted as his entire body began to surge, trying to break free!
But the four sleeved robes were extremely resilient, no matter how much Chen Ping struggled, he couldn’t break free, instead he tired himself out with his forehead covered in cold sweat!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing that Chen Ping had been controlled by the other party as soon as he struck, Dong Liqun frowned and was about to rush out.
Dong Jiahao also leapt to his feet in an instant, leading the many experts of the Dong Clan!
They were going to save Chen Ping.
The Dong Family had what it had today because of Chen Ping, so Dong Liqun could not just watch Chen Ping die in front of him and do nothing.
As the saying went, they knew how to repay their kindness, otherwise how could their Dong family gain a foothold in the Kyoto martial arts world!
“Brother Dong, you must not be reckless, even if you rush up there, you won’t be able to save that Chen Ping at all, and you won’t even be able to see him before you are crushed by that spatial boundary.”
“It’s not over yet, Chen Ping shouldn’t be subdued so easily.”
Ge Fuhai said as he stopped Dong Liqun.