Guo Wei’s loud laugh was full of disdain and contempt.
Now that there were only two of them here, Guo Wei had all the means to kill Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at the laughing Guo Wei and murderous aura rose in his eyes.
“In a moment, you won’t be able to laugh anymore ……”
Chen Ping’s body began to flicker with golden light as the Incorruptible Golden Body activated, a piece of golden scales that formed armor enveloped Chen Ping’s entire body.
This time, the aura on Chen Ping’s body was not manic, but like a trickle of water, unending ……
When Guo Wei saw this, he frowned slightly!
Chen Ping’s aura at the moment made him surprisingly feel a hint of danger.
It had only been a short time, and when facing Chen Ping, he had actually felt a sense of danger himself!
This caused Guo Wei to be manic inside.
Facing Chen Ping, who had unleashed his Invincible Golden Body, the contempt in Guo Wei’s eyes closed up, and then a seal began to flicker on his chest!
The light around Guo Wei’s body also grew stronger and soon wrapped Guo Wei up, and the endless black Qi covered the sky, turning the area around them for hundreds of metres, into blackness!
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed, “Today, I will kill you, an evil cultivator, and make your head public, so that everyone will know that you, the director of the Martial Alliance, are actually an evil cultivator ……”
“Cut the big talk, the one who dies will definitely be you ……”
Guo Wei casually grabbed his hand, the black mist around him instantly formed a huge black ball in Guo Wei’s hand.
Immediately after a light tap, the huge black ball slowly headed towards Chen Ping, at a particularly slow speed!
Chen Ping tried to dodge the slowly coming black ball, but found that the black mist around him had a heavy binding feeling, as if he was soaking in water, and his movements were very resistant.
Chen Ping’s dodging movements also slowed down, only that in the end, his whole body still failed to dodge the huge black ball and was trapped in it.
“Here, all your movements and speed will be restricted, and I won’t ……”
Guo Wei smiled coldly, followed by his body instantly disappearing!
Guo Wei was very fast and reached Chen Ping in the blink of an eye, then his right hand fiercely withdrew from the black mist, and a long sword made of black mist appeared in Guo Wei’s hand.
Guo Wei raised the longsword in his hand high, the longsword kept absorbing the black mist around it, and its body skyrocketed, instantly reaching over ten metres.
The longsword was raised high and immediately slashed down towards Chen Ping in a fury.
The domineering sword qi instantly blocked Chen Ping’s path of retreat.
Chen Ping’s body fiercely dodged towards once, but Chen Ping’s movements, in Guo Wei’s eyes, were like a slow-motion replay.
“You can’t dodge it ……”
Guo Wei’s sword chopped down, and the entire void began to distort and emit a burst of air-breaking sounds.
Bam …………
The longsword slashed down Chen Ping’s body, followed by a string of flames emerging from it.
Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body was damaged, and where the longsword had slashed, the golden scales disappeared, revealing sturdy skin.
A divine dragon’s power coalesced in Chen Ping’s right hand, a radiant white light that dispersed some of the black fog around this area.
There was a glimmer of light in the darkness ……
Boom …………
Chen Ping smashed out with a fierce fist, a fist that was overwhelming and terrifyingly powerful ……
Like a shooting star pa*sing through the black night, this fist viciously smashed into the long sword in Guo Wei’s hand.
The longsword in Guo Wei’s hand was originally an illusion of these black mists, and after touching Chen Ping’s punch of white light, the longsword directly disappeared and the black mists were instantly dispersed.
Feeling the terrifying aura, Guo Wei’s body instantly took several steps backwards.
At this moment, the expression on Guo Wei’s face was very complicated, these black fogs were a killer technique that he relied on!
In the tournament, Guo Wei would rather burn his essence blood than reveal that he practiced evil kung fu, otherwise there would be no way to end the match.