“Big brother Chen, this Ning Zhi looks like, the outbreak is very powerful, that Long Xiao is going to be unable to resist, right?”
Zhao Beng asked to Chen Ping.
“No need to rush, take your time and watch on, that Ning Zhi is probably already looking for an opportunity to escape, don’t look at his current aura of arrogance and constant attacks, he is on his way to attack and look for an opportunity to escape.”
“Because if the fight goes on, Ning Zhi will definitely lose, and he himself knows that, that’s why he’s desperately attacking, to give Long Xiao a false impression, so that Long Xiao will let down his guard, and he’ll be able to escape!”
Chen Ping followed Zhao Barging as he explained in detail!
Zhao Barging didn’t quite understand, and could only continue to watch.
At this moment, Ning Zhi was getting stronger and stronger, constantly attacking at Long Xiao, while Long Xiao looked a little woeful and could only parry!
As they watched Ning Zhi grow stronger and stronger and was about to win, many people began to shout with excitement.
“Lord Ning is mighty, just kill that Long Xiao, kill him ……”
“That Long Xiao doesn’t deserve to die, he should be skinned and skinned ……”
Some people were cheering Ning Zhi on, constantly shouting!
And Chen Ping looked at those who were shouting and secretly shook his head, he knew that after Long Xiao won, with Long Xiao’s character, these people who were shouting would definitely suffer.
Boom ……
With a loud sound, Long Xiao was once again knocked back!
But just as soon as Long Xiao retreated, this time Ning Zhi did not seize the opportunity to attack one after another, but instead, his body gave a leap and ran towards the outside of the martial arts arena!
Looking at Ning Zhi, who had suddenly fled, everyone was dumbfounded and pinned to the spot like puppets!
No one had thought that Ning Zhi, who had clearly gained the upper hand, would suddenly turn around and run away.
This was not scientific!
Even Zhao Chuang’s mouth grew wide, and then he turned his head to look at Chen Ping, his eyes full of admiration!
Because what Chen Ping said was true, and it had to be admired by Zhao Barging!
“Hahahaha, count on him to be sensible, if he hadn’t run away so fast, I would have left his little life behind ……”
Long Xiao laughed loudly.
He didn’t go after him because Long Xiao hadn’t thought about killing Ning Zhi, what he needed was to show the crowd that no one could defeat him!
Ning Zhi ran away, and Long Xiao won!
A battle between two Great Martial Marquises would end up in such a comical situation!
As a Grand Martial Marquis, Ning Zhi didn’t even bother to save face by turning around and running away in front of the crowd!
Wasn’t this going to make the crowd laugh?
But few people knew that for Ning Zhi, face was worthless!
As Ning Zhi ran away, the few people who had just shouted that they wanted to kill Long Xiao were now all dumbfounded, each with pale faces and trembling bodies!
“Who just shouted that they wanted to kill me? Stand out for me now ……”
Long Xiao bellowed, and a terrifying aura filled the air!
Poof …………
One man was directly scared out of his wits and died spitting out fresh blood!
The remaining few others fell to their knees one after another!
“Duke Long spare your life, Duke Long spare your life ah, we are willing to follow Duke Long forever ……”
Several people desperately kowtowed to Long Xiao!
But without the slightest expression in Long Xiao’s eyes, he fiercely waved his hand, and the few people who had fallen to the ground on their knees instantly had their heads cracked and turned into mush!
As the crowd watched this cruel scene of Long Xiao, they all dared not speak!
At this moment, Long Xiao’s eyes were placed on a place in the crowd!
This place, only to see the teenage kid from the beginning, still staying here, and not leaving!
Long Xiao’s meaning was obvious, that was this child had offended himself, and he must not stay either!
“Long Xiao, why are you always staring at a child, he just said the wrong thing!”
Ge Jiayi said at this point, stepping in front of the child.
“You want to save her?” Long Xiao’s eyes narrowed slightly, “If you want to save him, then obediently listen to me, take off your clothes now and I can spare this little child’s life ……”
When Ge Jiayi heard this, her face turned red with anger: “b*****d, you are a beast ……”