But the old man didn’t care if Chen Ping understood or not, instead he looked at the black mist around him and spoke “Brother, I know you’ve always wanted to kill me, now I’ll give you the chance, but I hope that after you kill me, you’ll let the others go.”
“Your Ice Spirit Dan is gone, even if you kill these people, it will be of no use to you ……”
At this moment, the old devil looked at the old man unexpectedly following Chen Ping to detach, he could not help but frown, he did not understand, was there some kind of trap here?
Seeing that the old devil did not move, the old man continued “Do you just want to rely on this illusion to trap us to death? Let me tell you, that’s delusional, you wouldn’t even be afraid of this remnant of my soul now, would you?”
The old man continued to irritate the old devil, meaning to force him to show himself!
“Brother, are you thinking of another underhanded trick against me?”
“Let me tell you, I’m not going to fall for it, although this illusionary realm can’t trap you, I can collapse my side of the world, and when that happens, a void rift will be created here!”
“As long as you are sucked into it, the temporal turbulence will completely annihilate you, am I right?”
The old devil seemed to have become wise, not intending to show himself at all!
“Since you’re so scared, then I won’t be saying anything anymore, it’s all dead anyway, and it’s useless for me to keep this item ……”
Saying that, the old man unexpectedly pulled out a jade tablet from his pocket!
And this jade token was exactly what Chen Ping had given to that old man when he entered, it was the real key to open the treasure!
But when the old devil saw that jade token, both his eyes immediately let out light!
“The Divine King Order of the Ancient Body Refining Clan? How did you get this in your hand?”
The old devil asked in surprise!
They had been here for thousands of years and had never seen their brother carry this thing on him, back then he had followed his brother against his will in order to get the Divine King’s Order and become the Divine King Elder of the Ancient Body Refining Clan!
Only for the two to die together, he had also never seen this God King Order, but now the old man had actually taken it out!
Chen Ping looked at the jade plaque and did not expect that this thing was still so important in the Ancient Body Refining Clan!
“Brother, haven’t you always wanted to obtain this thing and become the God King Elder of the Ancient Body Refining Clan? I’ll give him to you now.”
After the old man finished speaking, he raised that God King Order up!
It was now waiting for the old devil to come over and take it!
The old devil frowned as an inner struggle began!
In the end, the old devil took a deep breath and decided to get his hands on the Divine King Order, now both Chen Ping and the old man were at the end of their strengths, so there was no need to be afraid at all!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was quietly watching what was happening in front of him, he did not understand why the old man was doing this!
Obviously, the old man was attracting the old devil to enter the illusionary realm and show himself, but even if the old devil showed himself, what could they do?
Chen Ping squeezed out all the power in his body, and the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand was held tightly!
In the dark mist, Chen Ping seemed to sense the old devil’s aura, and he had actually entered!
At this moment, Chen Ping felt the throbbing of the Green Dragon Yuan Shen in the Sea of Consciousness!
Chen Ping could not figure out what this old man was trying to do by following the Green Dragon Yuan Shen!
Da da da da …………
Footsteps sounded, and the old devil slowly walked into the illusion!
At this time, the old devil still had a few moments of caution on his face, looking at Chen Ping and the old man in front of him, the old devil’s eyes never left!
“Brother, hand over the God King Order to me, I can promise you that I will not kill these ants ……”
The old devil looked towards the old man and slowly spoke!
“How do you expect me to trust you? What if you take the Divine King Order but don’t keep your promise?”
The old man asked!
“How can that be, I’m the one who keeps my promises the most, what the hell is wrong with you before you hand over the Divine King’s Order?”
The old devil looked at the old man coldly and asked!
“Let them people out first, and I’ll hand over the God King Order to you ……”
The old man said!