“You dare to stop me?”
City Lord Sun was otherwise furious, this was Meteor Sun City, he was the City Lord, and what he said here was divine decree!
Now there was even someone who dared to stop himself!
It was simply the opposite of heaven!
Only to see City Lord Sun raise his hand and slap it towards Elder Miao!
When City Lord Sun casually raised his hand, it was an endless pressure that covered the sky and blasted down.
In the face of City Lord Sun’s attack, a longsword instantly appeared in Old Miao’s hand, followed by a shake of the sword, and several huge sword flowers appeared in front of his body!
Each sword flower was extremely powerful, and along with the blossoming of the sword flowers, countless sword awns also rose up into the sky, and then followed the Sun City Lord’s palm as it clashed together!
“Hmph, a mere sixth rank of the Ferrying Realm, you dare to be wild with me ……”
City Lord Sun snorted coldly, hardening the countless sword awnings, and then slapped on Old Miao’s shoulder, causing Old Miao to take several steps back!
With this slap, City Lord Sun did not strike with a deadly hand, it was obvious that he did not want to kill Miao Lao!
However, it could also be seen that there was still a gap between Miao Lao’s strength and that of City Lord Sun!
“Grandpa, are you alright?”
Seeing that Miao Miao Lao had been slapped, Miao Miao rushed forward and asked with concern!
Miao Lao didn’t say anything, but his eyes were filled with gravity as he looked at that Sun City Lord!
“This fellow Daoist, you’d better get out of the way, City Lord Sun has no intention of killing you, otherwise you would have been dead long ago.”
Old Jia said to Miao Lao!
But Miao Lao said with an icy face “My life was saved by Mr Chen, so unless I die, no one will be able to grab him in front of me.”
Miao Lao was a man of integrity, even though he was the strongest person in the team, he had never bullied anyone!
Moreover, Miao Lao was sentimental and righteous, Chen Ping helping him to cure the poison was the same as saving his life!
Now that Chen Ping was in trouble, he would never sit back and do nothing!
It was also because of this kind of character that Miao Lao was always respected, even if Miao Miao caused trouble outside, he would not take it into account for the sake of Miao Lao!
“I didn’t want to kill you, but I didn’t expect you to seek death on your own, so don’t blame me ……”
Sun City Lord’s eyes slightly condensed, followed by a slight tremor of his body, the cultivation of the eighth rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm caused the heavens and earth to instantly become dim, as if it was the end of the world!
Fire Phoenix and also Ji Yun wanted to go forward to stop them, but the aura on Sun City Lord’s body made it impossible for those of them to raise their heads!
Elder Miao gritted his teeth and desperately resisted the aura!
“You want to capture me, I’ll just go with you, why do you need to hurt other people ……”
At this time, Chen Ping’s voice came from inside the room!
As soon as City Lord Sun heard it, the aura on his body instantly converged, and the originally dim heaven and earth also recovered!
Only to see Chen Ping slowly open the door and walk straight out!
“Mr Chen ……”
“Master ……”
The fire phoenix and also Ji Yun and the others all surrounded them.
“Master, you can’t go with him, it will be dangerous.”
Fire Phoenix stopped Chen Ping!
“For that matter, Chen you absolutely can’t go with him or you won’t be able to come back.”
Ji Yun also said anxiously!
“Mr Chen, although I am not a match for that Sun City Lord, but with my old bones, I can still drag him for a while, you can take advantage of this time to run away.”
Miao Lao made the determination of certain death!
Chen Ping was grateful for Old Miao’s attitude.
“It’s a blessing not a curse, it’s a curse that can’t be avoided, what’s the harm if I go with him, even if we resist, no one will be his match, adding casualties for nothing.”
Chen Ping said with a calm face!
“Master, if you want to run, I’m willing to lay down my life to buy you time.”
The Fire Phoenix’s face was filled with worry!
“Chen, I am also willing, as long as you are well, I can die for you ……”
Ji Yun also said without hesitation!
The City Lord Sun, who was on the side, couldn’t help but feel curious as he watched these people actually willing to sacrifice their lives for Chen Ping!
He didn’t understand, how did Chen Ping, a Pill Master who hadn’t seen much in years, a mere Harmonisation Realm cultivator, come to have so much charisma?