“Master Zhao, where is Chen Ping?”
Gu Ling’er, who had run back to the Shadowless Villa, asked anxiously to Zhao Liguo.
“Miss Gu, take it easy for now, what’s wrong?”
Zhao Liguo saw that Gu Ling’er was panting and hurriedly brought a cup of water and asked.
“Yu Qi, Yu Qi has been taken away ……”
Gu Ling’er took a sip of water and hurriedly said.
“Ah?” Zhao Liguo was instantly dumbfounded, then hurriedly led Gu Ling’er towards the backyard, then pointed to a room and said, “Mr. Chen, it’s in here!”
Gu Ling’er pushed the door open straight away and gave a push towards Chen Ping who was sitting on his knees!
Chen Ping’s body shifted and his divine sense immediately came out from within the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, seeing an anxious Gu Ling’er, so he asked, “Ling’er, what’s wrong?”
“Yu Qi has been taken away ……”
Gu Ling’er said anxiously.
Boom!
These words were like five thunderstorms, directly causing Chen Ping to freeze on the spot!
After a while, Chen Ping then reacted and hurriedly asked, “Who is it, do you know who has taken Yu Qi?”
Gu Ling’er shook her head, “I don’t know, the other party is masked, but they are very strong, I’m afraid they are at the peak of Martial Sect, and there are four of them, so Yu Qi and I don’t even have a chance to resist.”
As soon as Chen Ping heard the strength of the other party, his brow instantly furrowed.
In the whole of Kyoto, there were not many people who could reach the peak strength of a Martial Sect, I’m afraid, outside of the Martial Alliance, there were also some high ranking members of clans and families who could reach this strength.
Who on earth could it be?
Why did they want to take Su Yuqi?
Was it someone who had a grudge against himself?
Chen Ping pondered quietly!
“Chen Ping, hurry up and think of a way to take someone out to find ah ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping kept silent, Gu Ling’er said anxiously.
Chen Ping waved his hand, “Don’t rush yet, let me think about it ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly closed and his eyebrows were tightly knitted into a Chuan character!
A moment later, Chen Ping’s eyes snapped open and a brilliant aura burst out of his eyes.
“I know who has captured Yu Qi!”
A strong killing intent emanated from Chen Ping’s body.
“Who is it?” Gu Ling’er hurriedly asked.
“Guo Wei of the Martial Alliance ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes stared at him and said.
“Guo Wei?” Gu Ling’er froze, “Why does he want to capture Yu Qi, is it to threaten you?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “They didn’t capture Yu Qi because of me, but because of Yu Qi’s fire spirit body, you forgot that when I fought against Guo Wei, I sucked Yu Qi’s blood, this Guo Wei saw it then, so he must have captured Yu Qi because of that.”
“Ah, what should we do then? Let’s quickly go and save Yu Qi ah ……”
When Gu Ling’er heard this, she became even more anxious.
If that happened, then Su Yuqi would be in danger, those people would still be desperate to bleed Su Yuqi in order to grow in strength!
“You wait here for me, don’t go anywhere!”
Chen Ping finished speaking, his body instantly disappeared from the room, only to see a shadow of light, heading in the direction of the Martial Alliance!
…………
Inside one of the dungeons of the Wudao Alliance!
Su Yuqi was imprisoned inside the room by a formation, and all the strength in her body was suppressed.
Zhu Zhishan, wearing a mask, looked at Su Yuqi who had been captured, his heart excited to the extreme!
He couldn’t let Su Yuqi recognize himself, otherwise if this matter were to get out, what difference would there be between their Wudao Alliance and those evil cultivators.
“What exactly are you …… you?”
Su Yuqi looked at Zhu Zhishan, fear showing on her face, “What did you bring me here for?”
“Don’t be afraid, I won’t hurt you, I just want to borrow one thing from you!”
Zhu Zhi Shan said with a faint smile.
“What kind of thing do you …… want to borrow?” Su Yuqi asked.
“I want to borrow the blood inside your body for a while!”
Zhu Zhishan said, pulling out a bright dagger and directly grabbed Su Yuqi’s wrist, which startled Su Yuqi!