During this half month, Ning Zhi of the Ning Family had been very high-profile.
He didn’t even put the Martial Alliance in his sights.
And at this moment, inside the Demon Subduing Tower!
Chen Ping was still desperately cultivating, the surrounding spiritual qi was continuously nourishing Chen Ping’s body.
The dragon crystal within Chen Ping’s body began to flicker out with a flash of light!
Immediately afterwards, a stream of divine dragon power began to strike Chen Ping’s dantian.
And Chen Ping’s dantian kept changing!
The spiritual energy within his body was growing rapidly!
And golden scales kept growing on Chen Ping’s flesh, then disappearing, then growing again!
The Unbreakable Golden Body activated over and over again!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body seemed to be in an illusion.
The body slowly disappeared and slowly appeared again, and finally a golden light shone on Chen Ping’s eyebrows.
The last golden light shone on Chen Ping’s eyebrows.
Slowly getting up, Chen Ping felt his body filled with power, which rushed out like a mountain overturning the sea.
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with joy as he felt the spiritual energy within his body.
As his divine sense sank into his body, Chen Ping found the Golden Elixir emitting a dazzling light, hovering just above his dantian.
“Still haven’t managed to break through the Golden Dan and reach the YuanYing realm, it seems that the path of cultivation will become increasingly difficult in the future ……”
Although Chen Ping was now dozens of times more powerful than before.
However, he still hadn’t been able to break through, and his current realm was just reaching half-step Martial Marquis.
Although he was only one step away from Martial Marquis, it was this step that some people had not been able to step over for more than ten years.
Chen Ping looked around for a moment, and he had no idea how long he had been in here.
When Chen Ping walked out of the Valley of the Wicked, what met his eyes was bleak!
The smell of blood was still strong, even after ten days.
Vultures were constantly circling in the sky, subsequently gnawing on the corpses on the ground.
Fortunately, the weather had turned cooler now, so the corpses were not rotting and the air was not yet sickeningly warm.
“What the hell is happening here?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed tightly.
The corpses on the ground, all of them from the Vicious Valley, it was obvious that a fierce battle had taken place here!
Looking at the state of the corpses again, it was obvious that some time had pa*sed.
Chen Ping put away the Demon Subduing Tower, and then began to search in the Valley of the Wicked.
He wanted to see if anyone was still alive or not.
At the entrance of a cave in the Valley of the Wicked, there was a light flickering inside, proving that there was someone inside.
When Chen Ping walked to the entrance of the cave, he saw two people sitting cross-legged in front of a table.
On the table were various delicacies, and two bottles of wine!
“D*mn, I don’t know when that Chen Ping will come out!”
“It’s been half a month, if he doesn’t come out for the rest of his life, we two brothers will be on guard here for the rest of our lives.”
“I’ve heard that people from the Ning family are now walking across the street, eating and drinking all day long, and having people to serve them!”
“It’s bad luck for us, we’ve been with the Ning family for so many years, we’ve barely made it to the top, but we’re stuck with such a sh*tty job!”
One man complained loudly after taking a sip of wine.
“Come on, don’t complain, the young master has a temper, if he knew about it, he would rip your head off!”
Another man persuaded.
Soon, the frightened man didn’t dare to talk nonsense and could only drink up the wine.
While Chen Ping at the entrance of the cave listened, his whole body fell into deep thought.
“The Ning Family?”
“Could all this be the work of the Ning Family?”
“That Ning Zhi would have such ability to wipe out the Valley of the Wicked?”
Chen Ping could not understand how, with the strength of the Vicious Valley, it was so possible for the Ning Family to exterminate it so easily.
After taking a deep breath, Chen Ping slowly walked in.
He decided to ask what had happened.
When the two men looked at Chen Ping, they were startled and the wine cups in their hands fell to the ground.
“You …… you …… you ……”
The two men looked at Chen Ping in shock.
And as soon as Chen Ping reached out, he instantly grabbed one person, followed by a slap that exploded that person’s head.