Walking out of the Treasure Pavilion, there was another street next to the Treasure Pavilion, which was usually very cold, but now it was very lively!
A lot of cultivators are on this street to set up their own items for sale, these cultivators have devil cultivators, there are human races as well as beast races!
Of course there were a lot of people buying, after all, scenes like this where all three races were selling things together were not rare!
Some of the human cultivators were interested in the items of the demon race, while the demon race’s were interested in the items of the beast race, which made a lot of people gather in front of each stall!
Chen Ping was in a very relaxed mood as he followed Jin Dong and the others as they wandered around!
This was the most relaxing moment for Chen Ping when he came to the Celestial Realm, if the Celestial Realm was all about this kind of scene where the three races were in harmony, how wonderful it would be!
However, Chen Ping knew that this was all an extravagant hope, even in the Secular World, a world of all humans, there was still constant strife every day!
Not to mention a world like the Celestial Realm where the three races existed!
“This broken clock of yours even costs 100,000 spirit coins, are you poor and crazy?”
“You guy, you beast races have never seen money right? You want a hundred thousand for this piece of sh*t?”
“What a lion’s mouth, this piece of crap dares to ask for 100,000 spirit coins.”
In front of a stall near the corner, a mocking voice suddenly rang out!
Hearing this, Chen Ping followed Jin Dong and the others over!
Chen Ping saw that a big man with a face full of fluffy hair was sitting in front of a stall set up with rags, silent and without expression on his face!
Even in the face of such mockery from the crowd, this big man did not say a word!
And on that rag, there were a dozen or so things laid out, looking like ordinary things, only one item that looked similar to a clock, emitting a vast spiritual aura, drawing the attention of the crowd!
What those people had just said was definitely this item!
“Kid, are you selling this broken watch for 10,000 spirit coins?”
At this time, a cultivator held the clock and asked!
The big man didn’t say anything and just shook his head!
“Twenty thousand, what about twenty thousand, that’s the most ……” the cultivator continued to ask!
The big man still shook his head!
“sh*t, broken things still as treasure, you can never sell this thing ……”
That cultivator threw away the clock and left in a huff!
Chen Ping then squatted down and took that clock in his hand, after that clock was in his hand, Chen Ping realised that the clock was actually carved from jade, lifelike, except that the hands did not move at all, it was a pendulum!
But on top of the clock, there seemed to be a few subtle formations carved, Chen Ping looked at it for half a day, but he didn’t know what use such a small formation could be!
Chen Ping looked at it for a while, and found that apart from the good texture of the clock and the vast spiritual qi contained within it, there were no other special features!
After all, in this Celestial Realm, there was no shortage of spiritual qi, so this clock was not worth much!
Chen Ping took the clock and glanced at the big man again, since this thing dared to ask for 100,000 spirit coins, it should have its value, perhaps he hadn’t explored it clearly yet!
Chen Ping exuded a breath and penetrated into the clock, and found that the clock was just a piece of jade carving, and there was nothing else special about it!
Chen Ping was a bit lost, and was about to put the clock back on the stall, but just as he reached out to put it back, he suddenly found that the hands on the clock actually jumped a bit!
Chen Ping was stunned and hurriedly put his hand back, looking at it carefully once again!
“Mr Chen, this is just a pendulum carved from jade, it has no value.”
Jin Dong saw that Chen Ping had been holding the clock and looking at it, so he spoke!
Chen Ping did not say anything and stared at the clock dead on, but the hands did not move!
After a while, Chen Ping turned to Jin Dong and Ji Yun and asked, “Did you see the hands of the clock move just now?”