“Ah …………”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body was flaming red, as if the inside of his body was on fire!
With a loud roar, a terrifying aura instantly swept through the entire mountain and forest, as the trees around him collapsed and the earth began to cave in and tremble!
At this moment, the mountain was like it had been hit by a meteorite, and it became a wreck, with not a single blade of gra*s growing!
Everyone was awakened and looked at the mountain not far away in surprise.
“What’s going on? Could it be that a meteorite has struck?”
Zheng An Guo hurriedly got up, his face ugly.
Everyone ran out into the courtyard and looked at the fiery red glow on the mountain not far away!
“It’s people, I see that the glow emitting from that hill is people ……”
Zheng Kai said.
Everyone was startled and rushed to the backyard to see that the solid chamber had long since disappeared and turned into a cloud of powder!
“Could that be Mr. Chen?”
Zheng An Guo was filled with shock!
It was because they felt a terrifying aura approaching at this moment, and even though they were all Great Martial Marquis, that pressure made each of their hearts beat faster.
“It’s Mr. Chen, it’s him ……”
Jiang Wei’s eyes were wide open and he said with a look of surprise.
Hu Ma Zi, on the other hand, acted calmly and said, “This Chen Ping, what a strange talent, with this strength he has now, I’m afraid a small mountain could be destroyed.”
“Why did Mr. Chen suddenly run to that mountain for what?”
Zheng Kai asked, puzzled.
“If he didn’t run to the mountain, I guess there would have been no more of your Zheng family by now, it would all be in ruins.”
Pocky Hu said with a smile!
Only at this moment did Zheng Kai understand that Chen Ping was trying to prevent his breath from destroying the entire Zheng family!
“Let’s go, let’s go and see ……”
Pocky Hu said and headed towards the mountain!
The crowd was following behind, all wanting to see the power of Chen Ping having taken the divine Pill!
And at this time, Chen Ping’s body constantly erupted with a fiery red light, which directly illuminated Chen Ping’s internal organs very clearly!
The light kept flickering, and Chen Ping’s aura was climbing!
Right now, Chen Ping was struggling to control that aura within his body, allowing him to rise calmly, for if it all exploded, he was afraid that the entire mountain would be razed to the ground!
And his own body was afraid that in the midst of this outburst, he would suffer heavy injuries straight away!
“It’s just ahead, with such a terrifying aura, I’m afraid that he’s about to break through the Great Martial Marquis.”
At that moment, not far away, Ning Zhi looked at the place where the light was flashing, and kept getting closer!
And behind Ning Zhi, he was followed by four black and gold robes!
Originally, Ning Zhi had intended to wait until after the Black Gold Robe, then go to Penglai Island, and if he could wait for Chen Ping, then he would clean him up at Penglai Island.
If he couldn’t wait, then he would clean up the other clans and families. With four Black Gold Robes around, this was an invincible existence!
But before Ning Zhi could take the four Black Gold Robes to Penglai Island, he noticed a strange sight here.
Ning Zhi knew in his heart that it was not good, this sudden change must be due to Chen Ping’s breakthrough, knowing that not long ago Chen Ping had just refined a divine elixir!
Now this vision had appeared again, so Chen Ping must have swallowed the divine Pill and his strength was breaking through in leaps and bounds!
After much consideration and with the Demon Envoy’s permission, Ning Zhi rushed here with his Black Gold Robe!
They could not let Chen Ping continue to improve like this, and if Chen Ping broke through the Great Martial Marquis and reached the Martial Saint realm, then it would be more difficult for them to catch Chen Ping than to reach the heavens.
Soon after, Ning Zhi arrived with his men, and looking at Chen Ping, whose eyes were tightly closed and whose body was constantly glowing red, a hint of panic arose in Ning Zhi’s heart!
To be able to walk here, Ning Zhi and the others had expended a considerable amount of physical strength, knowing that the aura emitted by Chen Ping was so oppressive that Ning Zhi and the others had to keep resisting the pressure to walk here!
“As expected of a Golden Dragon’s true body, swallowing a divine elixir straight away and still suppressing that manic aura and boosting strength a little.”
“But for such an important matter, this Chen Ping actually didn’t send anyone around to guard the law, so don’t blame us.”
The demonic envoy inside Ning Zhi said with a cold smile.