Seeing that Chen Ping was actually going to make a move on himself, Uncle Qian’s breath erupted and was about to counterattack, but when Chen Ping’s breath instantly enveloped him, Uncle Qian suddenly froze!
Only to see Uncle Qian’s eyes widen as he looked at Chen Ping incredulously, and the breath that had just erupted was instantly withdrawn, his expression agitated!
“Uncle Qian, what …… happened to you?”
Missy looked at this scene, so she asked at Uncle Qian!
“You …… you are actually ……”
That Uncle Qian pointed at Chen Ping, but the words came to his mouth and were swallowed back!
“Youngest sister, you go out, I follow this Taoist friend some words to say!”
Uncle Qian let the youngest sister out, to follow Chen Ping alone to speak!
The youngest sister said, “Uncle Qian, this Chen Ping is definitely not from the City Lord’s Office, you have to believe him!”
The youngest sister thought that Uncle Qian still didn’t believe it and was going to make a move on Chen Ping!
“Missy, you go out, the two of us talk, it should be fine.”
Chen Ping also said to the youngest sister!
The youngest sister saw the situation, could only turn around and leave, after the youngest sister left, Chen Ping fingers pinched, instantly a few array patterns appeared, wrapping up the entire room!
Chen Ping laid down a shielding array, this shielding array than the beginning of the room inside the shielding array I do not know how many times stronger!
Seeing this scene, Uncle Qian’s entire body looked very excited!
“Fellow Daoist, I didn’t expect you to be a human cultivator, that’s really great ……”
Uncle Qian said as he looked towards Chen Ping!
It turned out that the breath that Chen Ping had just struck out had a trace of human race breath in it, allowing Uncle Qian to sense it!
It was precisely because of this that that Uncle Qian had closed his hand and believed that Chen Ping was not from the City Lord’s Mansion anymore!
After all, the entire Beast City did not allow the appearance of Human Race, let alone the City Lord’s Mansion!
“You are also a human cultivator, why are you hiding in Beast City and doing the business of acquiring Immortal Spirit Stones?”
Chen Ping asked to that Uncle Qian!
“Fellow Daoist you don’t know, right now the living environment of our Human Race has become extremely harsh, and most of the resources are controlled by the Beast Race.”
“We have united with the cultivators of the Demon Race and formed a resistance alliance, intending to fight against the oppression of the Beast Race and fight for a piece of heaven and earth for our own survival.”
“I purchased Immortal Spirit Stones within the Beast City, but I also did so to earn the difference in price, and to simply purchase more resources for the Resistance Alliance.”
“This Immortal Spirit Stones are all single-handedly controlled by the City Lord’s Mansion, and the purchase price is extremely low, while the City Lord’s Mansion earns a large amount of the difference in price from it.”
“I wonder where the Immortal Spirit Stones in your hand came from? This large Immortal Spirit Stone, it shouldn’t be mined by you, right?”
Uncle Qian asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping shook his head, “I snatched it ……”
“Robbed it?”Uncle Qian was shocked, his face full of shock, “Whose did you rob? This Beast City is not allowed to start a fight.”
“And the cultivator who can have such a huge Immortal Spirit Stone, his strength must be extraordinary, your cultivation of the ninth grade of the Ferrying Realm, are you able to snatch this Immortal Spirit Stone?”
Uncle Qian was right, such a large Immortal Spirit Stone, an ordinary minor cultivator, would definitely not have the strength to hold it…
“Someone helped me snatch it, not in Beast City, but in Xiao Dynasty ……”
Chen Ping said!
“Xiao Dynasty?”Uncle Qian was directly baffled, frowning slightly, “I have not heard of such a dynasty ah?”
Chen Ping looked at that Uncle Qian, then explained, “I came from outside Beast City, not from Beast City ……”
Chen Ping’s sentence instantly caused that Uncle Qian to widen his eyes, and his entire body was trembling slightly!
“You …… you came in from outside? That’s impossible, absolutely impossible, no one has ever been able to enter Beast City from the outside for so many years.”
“We’ve also used many ways to escape this area of Beast City, but we’ve never succeeded at all!”
“How could you possibly have entered from the outside world, for thousands of years, no outsider has ever entered here.”
Uncle Qian simply did not believe what Chen Ping had said!