Mu Kui’s death caused the entire Mu Family to permeate with a terrifying depression!
Because the Mu Family’s family head, Mu Kui’s father, was still in seclusion, no one dared to make up their mind about this matter!
“Is it certain that the young master was killed?”
An old man with a beard and a slim figure asked!
This was the Mu Family’s Grand Butler, after the Mu Family’s Head of Household went into seclusion, then the big and small matters, were taken care of by the Mu Family’s Grand Butler!
“It’s certain that the news came from the Guanghan Palace, it was delivered by the eldest miss herself.”
At this moment, a Mu Family subordinate handed a letter to the Grand Steward!
The Grand Steward opened the epistle and looked at the contents inside, his expression turning cold!
“I didn’t think that the young master would be killed by this fellow called Chen Ping, and the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace is still sheltering that fellow.”
“Immediately pass down the order that everyone in the Mu Family is not allowed to be following the co-operation of the Guanghan Palace, in addition to selecting a few experts to head to the vicinity of the Guanghan Palace and wait for Missy’s deployment at any time.”
After reading the letter, the Grand Steward immediately made arrangements!
It seemed like that Elder Mu had no intention of letting Chen Ping go!
As long as Chen Ping left the Broad Cold Palace, she would make her move against him!
Even if it was inconvenient for her to do so, she could still have the Mu Family’s experts hiding near the Broad Cold Palace do it to kill Chen Ping!
This revenge must be avenged!
In addition to killing Chen Ping, Elder Mu was also playing with the idea of the Polar Journey, originally, the Mu Family and the Guanghan Palace were friends, and Mu Kui was also participating in the Polar Journey, which was nothing!
But now that Mu Kui was dead, the Polar Regions obviously had a lot of resources and opportunities, and Elder Mu would not let go of this opportunity!
If it was possible, the Mu Family would also want to take that Polar Land where the Immortals had fallen for themselves!
The next day, early morning!
Chen Ping had slept very well this night, probably following a big battle yesterday, too much exertion had something to do with it!
At this time, the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was already standing inside the courtyard, looking at the white snowy mountains!
“Palace Master, good morning!”
Chen Ping stretched his waist and greeted after the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!
“Mr Chen, how was your rest?” The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace asked!
“Quite well, I didn’t expect that sleeping here would be so comfortable!”
Chen Ping replied!
“Sleeping well is fine, I was afraid that Mr Chen would be thinking about the female disciples of the Guanghan Palace and would not be able to sleep at night.”
The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace said in a joking manner!
Chen Ping smiled awkwardly upon hearing this!
“Mr Chen, come with me, I will take you to get the Heavenly Demon Stone, and by the way, I will take you to meet your companions.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said!
“Companion?” Chen Ping was stunned!
“Don’t you need companions when you go to the Polar Regions?” The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace laughed!
“Aren’t those cultivators who have passed the test companions? Didn’t they say that they could each pick a Guanghan Palace disciple and then travel to the Polar Regions together?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise!
“That’s right, they are also going to the Polar Regions, but as I said, they are just pathfinders, you must know that the trip to the Polar Regions is very perilous, and many people might perish halfway there.”
“Those people of theirs aren’t your companions, and Mr Chen won’t be travelling with them, those people will be leaving tomorrow.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace explained!
After Chen Ping heard this, he did not know what to say, although he knew that those people were the so-called cannon fodder, but to watch and go to their deaths, Chen Ping always had a strange feeling in his heart!
“Palace Master, that one called Lan Yingying, will she also follow those people along?”
Chen Ping asked!
Right now in the entire Guanghan Palace, Chen Ping was only familiar with that Blue Yingying!
“What? Mr Chen has his eyes on her, if you have your eyes on her, I can replace her with someone else who will lead the group.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said with a faint smile!
“No, I was just casually asking.”
Chen Ping hurriedly waved his hand!
“Come with me, each of the companions I found for Mr Chen this time is not inferior to that Lan Yingying.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace smiled, then turned around and flew up, Chen Ping also followed closely when he saw this!