“Then it’s good that Chen Ping is dead, now it’s time to hurry up and quell the anger of those martial arts families.”
Long Jingguo finished speaking and walked straight out the door, just two steps away, but stopped and turned back, “Xiao’er, don’t go anywhere during this period of time, cultivate well at home, your current appearance is troublesome if people know about it ……”
After Long Jingguo finished speaking, he walked straight out of the Long Family and headed straight for the Martial Dao Alliance!
And inside the hall of the Martial Dao Alliance, Zhu Zhishan was in a great mood, not only did he kill Chen Ping this time, but he also brought back so many beast pills to the Martial Dao Alliance!
I’m sure the higher-ups won’t punish him anymore, and maybe the masters will even reward him with some treasures!
Just when Zhu Zhishan was happy, Long Jingguo walked in!
“Master of the Long Family, please have a seat ……”
Zhu Zhishan was very polite to Long Jingguo.
This time, the trial was put together by the Long Family, and being able to kill Chen Ping and get so many beast pills was considered a credit to the Long Family, so of course Zhu Zhishan had to be polite to Long Jingguo.
“Alliance Master Zhu, this trial, Xiao’er was young and impetuous and changed the rules indiscriminately, causing many martial arts families to be unhappy, and now there is negative news about my Long Family everywhere, so I would like to ask Alliance Master Zhu to work together to think of a way to squash this matter.”
Long Jingguo said directly and to the point.
When Zhu Zhishan heard this, he frowned slightly, “Master Long, your Long Family is also a member of the Martial Dao Alliance, so of course we in the Martial Dao Alliance have to take care of this kind of thing, but as you know, many of the families here are not part of the Martial Dao Alliance, so it doesn’t count if I say so.”
“However, I can guarantee that I will punish any clan or family that is part of the Martial Dao Alliance that dares to say anything about the Long Family.”
When Long Jingguo heard this, his eyebrows knitted together tightly.
But Zhu Zhishan was indeed right, many clan families had not joined the Martial Dao Alliance, so even if Zhu Zhishan spoke up, no one would necessarily listen!
But if we let these people go on, then the reputation of the Long Family would be ruined.
If the whole martial arts world knew about this, then the Long family would have no place to go.
“I have a solution here, I don’t know if it’s appropriate ……”
Just at that moment, Ning Zhi walked out from the side.
Ning Zhi always had that faint smile on his face, and no one could guess what was on his mind!
“What does Ning …… Vice Alliance Master Ning have in mind?”
Long Jingguo had wanted to call out to Ning Zhi, but now Ning Zhi was the Vice Alliance Master, and besides, this trial was approved by Ning Zhi, so Long Jingguo also had to give Ning Zhi face.
“Master Long, these clan families haven’t joined the Martial Alliance, so we can’t control them, but from now on, we can let them join ah.”
“As long as all these clans and lineages have joined the Martial Dao Alliance, then wouldn’t it be good for Lord Zhu to be speaking.”
Ning Zhi said with a faint smile.
When Long Jingguo heard this, he let out a bitter laugh, “Vice Alliance Master Ning, after so many years, if these clans and families wanted to join the Martial Dao Alliance, they would have joined long ago, why wait until now, it’s not like they’ll join just because we tell them to.”
“Family Master Long is right, many clans and families do not want to join the Martial Dao Alliance, they feel bound, we can’t force them to join.”
Zhu Zhishan also explained.
“That’s too good to be true, this trial, Duke Long got quite a lot of beast pills, we can take out some of them as resources, as long as they join the Martial Dao Alliance, we can share the resources with them and increase the sharing of resources in our Martial Dao Alliance.”
“Apart from the annual trials afterwards, there could be some more other benefits added, who could refuse in front of the benefits?”
Ning Zhi said to Zhu Zhishan and Long Jingguo.