“You set up such a large spirit gathering formation, the spiritual energy for miles around has been condensed by you, and you have generated spiritual mist here, do you think it will attract attention?”
“And now the biggest principal on this Penglai Island is that Du Da’s brother Du Ziteng, if he knew you were the one who killed his brother, would he take revenge?”
Pocky Hu’s series of rhetorical questions made Chen Ping realise that he had made a very serious mistake!
“Bad …………”
Chen Ping then remembered Zhao Beng!
Pocky Hu had been guarding himself, but if Zhao Beng was unguarded, wouldn’t he be in danger too!
Chen Ping hurriedly rushed to the next room and found that Zhao Bargan was cultivating with his eyes tightly closed, and there was a faint glimmer of light in his chest!
Seeing that Zhao Bargan was fine, Chen Ping was relieved.
If something had happened to Zhao Barging because of his carelessness, Chen Ping would feel guilty.
“This kid has good talent, under this environment, breaking through to Martial Marquis is just around the corner ……”
Chen Ping looked at the faint glimmer of light on Zhao Barging’s chest and said with a slight smile.
“Don’t worry, here, he will never be able to cultivate the Martial Marquis realm in his lifetime ……”
Said Hu Ma Zi, who was at the side.
Chen Ping was stunned, “Why is that?”
“Don’t you find that this Penglai Island is strange?”
Hu Ma Zi asked rhetorically.
Chen Ping shook his head, “What’s so strange about it?”
“The spiritual energy here is so dense, yet there are no real experts, only that Du Da has cultivated a Yuan Ying, which is the Martial Marquis of the Martial Dao Realm, the others are at most at the Jindan Realm, and now that Du Da’s brother, Du Ziteng, is only at the peak of the Jindan Realm.”
“People here, no matter how much they cultivate, it’s hard to break through to YuanYing, I’ve been here for several months but my strength hasn’t improved one iota.”
Hu Ma Zi explained.
“Why is that?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open, but he did feel that the strength of the people on this Penglai Island was generally low.
It was somewhat against common sense to not be able to improve in strength despite this environment.
Hu Ma Zi shook his head, “I don’t know why, but I suspect that this island has been cursed.”
“Nowadays, basically all immortal cultivators are all retired or hidden in the prosperous cities, places like this where large areas of immortal cultivators live are almost non-existent.”
“But this place is an exception, and the spiritual energy is still so abundant, so I suspect that it is cursed, so the people here cannot improve their strength, or improve extremely slowly.”
“Such a price is paid in exchange for the fact that these immortal cultivators do not have to return to seclusion and can live and communicate normally ……”
Chen Ping’s face was full of shock as he listened, he couldn’t imagine what kind of curse that could affect tens of thousands of people on an entire island.
This was too outrageous!
“It’s not right, why am I not affected at all? In just ten days, I have raised a small realm ……”
Chen Ping suddenly remembered that when he was cultivating, he hadn’t noticed anything unusual!
And the cultivation speed was extremely fast, so fast that Chen Ping was very surprised!
“I’m not sure about that anymore, it might be related to your physique ……”
Hu Ma Zi knew Chen Ping’s identity as the Son of the Dragon.
“This Penglai Island is definitely not as simple as it appears, there must be some secret in it!”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed slightly!
Hu Puzi rolled his eyes, “You still need to say that, if there were no secrets, would I appear here, except that I have been exploring for months and have not found any relics or ancient tombs or anything like that.”
“Don’t be in a hurry, let’s both have a good look together ……”
Chen Ping decided to follow Hu Ma Zi to uncover the secrets of Penglai Island!
Whether it was a curse or a spell formation, to be able to set up a curse or formation that affected tens of thousands of people on such a large island, the other party was definitely a high level person.