“Puppet a fart corpse ah …………”
Seeing this, Chen Ping stepped forward and tore off the charm with one hand!
“Hey …… you, have you lost your mind to a female corpse, why don’t you believe me?”
“Or maybe you have a taste for this?”
Hu Pazzi looked at Chen Ping with a strange face!
“You’re the one who likes this taste!” Chen Ping gave Hu Puzi a blank look and then explained after Hu Puzi.
After hearing this, Hu Puzi understood, and immediately laughed, “Tell me the truth, did you get it? Anyway, this woman doesn’t know anything, you can do whatever you want.”
“I’m not as nasty as you are ……” Chen Ping was speechless for a while, it seemed that this Hu Pazzi must not have dealt with women much during his time in Baihai City, his mind was full of this.
“Then what are you doing here with a woman? I can tell you, I don’t have that ability to make this woman recover!”
Pocky Hu thought that Chen Ping had brought Ge Yuhan here to seek his help in recovering.
“I don’t need you, I’ve already found the dan recipe to make her recover, only that I need a kind of Hundred Eye Gra*s, which I can’t find for a while, I want to ask if you know where to find it?”
Chen Ping asked to Hu Ma Zi.
“Hundred eyes gra*s?” Hu Pazi frowned slightly, but soon his eyes lit up: “I really know where there is!”
“Where is it?” Chen Ping asked with a face full of surprise.
“I can tell you, but you have to help me go to the Heavenly Talisman Sect and get a set of talismanic spells out ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a smile.
“sh*t, how dangerous it is in there, don’t you know? Isn’t this asking me to go and get killed?”
Chen Ping gave Hu Puzi a fierce glare!
“Don’t worry, how could I let you go and send you to your death, you really think I’m eating and drinking during this time.”
“I’m telling you, I’ve been into the Heavenly Talisman Sect ruins, I’ve been in there several times, as long as I don’t step into the Heavenly Talisman Sect gates, I won’t be in danger.”
“We can handle that little talismanic organ inside the tunnel!”
Hu Pazi said with a heated smile.
“How can we get you the rune art if we don’t go in?”
Chen Ping was full of amazement.
“Never mind, there is no danger anyway, as long as you help me get that rune spell technique, I will definitely help you find the Hundred Eye Gra*s.”
Pocky Hu was actually following Chen Ping to sell his story!
Chen Ping looked at Hu Pazzi like that, and finally nodded his head.
“I can tell you, if you dare to harm me, I am not finished with you ……”
Chen Ping said to Hu Pazzi with a serious face.
“Don’t worry, how could I harm you, I still expect to follow you in the future!”
Pocky Hu had a happy face and then followed Chen Ping towards Xuan Yue Valley!
After pa*sing through the Xuan Yue Valley to the entrance of the ancient ruins of the Heavenly Rune Sect, looking at the darkness of the entrance, Chen Ping’s heart was a little bit worried
After all, the first time they went in, they made Chen Ping escape in a very messy way!
“Let’s go, it’s alright, I’ve been in there several times ……”
After Hu Ma Zi finished speaking, he pulled Chen Ping towards the inside!
After entering the ancient ruins, Chen Ping carefully hid behind Ge Yuhan!
Because he knew that Ge Yuhan’s physical body was much stronger than his own!
When Pocky Hu saw that Chen Ping was actually hiding behind a woman, he couldn’t help but sneer, “Chen Ping, when did you guy become such a wimp? Hiding behind a woman, are you considered a man anymore?”
“What do you know, don’t look at her as just a woman, her physical body is even stronger than mine ……”
Chen Ping gave Hu Ma Zi a blank look!
“Is that so?”
Hu Ma Zi instantly became interested in Ge Yu Han and reached out his hand wanting to feel around Ge Yu Han’s body.
“What are you doing?”
Chen Ping reached out and knocked back Hu Pocky’s hand that was reaching over.
“I’m just curious, how can such a white and tender woman’s flesh be so strong ……”
Hu Pazzi said with a heated smile.