After this aura entered Sun Xiaoyun’s body, Sun Xiaoyun slightly froze, followed by her eyes starting to glow red!
“City Lord Sun, don’t listen to this guy’s nonsense, I’ve fallen for his tricks several times already, you’d better waste him.”
Protector Gong urged City Lord Sun to waste Chen Ping!
No one noticed that Sun Xiaoyun on the side was changing!
City Lord Sun glanced at Protector Gong and then at Chen Ping, and finally chose to trust Protector Gong, so he slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping stood motionless and did not even show a hint of fear!
Just as Sun City Lord was uncertain, wondering why Chen Ping was not afraid, suddenly a hiss came from behind!
Only to see that Sun Xiaoyun, who had just been fine, now looked like a madman, her eyes were wide open and she directly lunged towards Protector Gong!
The two of them were the closest, and Sun Xiaoyun attacked towards Protector Gong first!
This sudden change of events made that Gong Zhifa not react for a moment, and instinctively slapped out a palm, directly slapping Sun Xiaoyun out!
But after this palm shot out, Protector Gong instantly froze on the spot!
Because he instantly exposed his breath with this palm slap!
Sun City Lord was stunned, and then incredibly looked towards Protector Gong “You are really a devil cultivator?”
Without speaking, Protector Gong turned around and leapt out, quickly running away!
Since his identity was exposed, he could only run quickly!
Sun City Lord was filled with anger, he wanted to chase after him, but after glancing at Sun Xiaoyun who was slapped out, he still wanted to go over and check!
“City Lord Sun, Miss Sun is in my hands, I will definitely be able to heal him, so hurry up and go after her, don’t let those demonic cultivators escape.”
Chen Ping said to City Lord Sun!
City Lord Sun glanced at Chen Ping and finally turned around and chased out!
Right after City Lord Sun chased out, Chen Ping immediately locked the door of the room!
As for Sun Xiaoyun, she pounced towards Chen Ping as if she was a wild beast!
The girl who had just been civilised and weak, at this moment had become inhuman and looked terrifying!
Looking at the already crazy Sun Xiao Yun, Chen Ping frowned slightly, although Sun Xiao Yun lost her mind, her strength would be greatly reduced, but Chen Ping could not go all out, after all, he could not injure Sun Xiao Yun!
Now Chen Ping must first control Sun Xiaoyun, and then use the silver needle to force the poison, like Sun Xiaoyun this way, there is no way to force the poison!
With a wave of his hand, Chen Ping placed formations around the room and then followed Sun Xiaoyun to fight together!
Soon, the room resounded with roaring sounds, if Chen Ping hadn’t brought up the formations, then the room would have been razed to the ground long ago!
Sun Xiaoyun went crazy and desperately attacked towards Chen Ping, while Chen Ping dodged and dodged while using his body techniques to parry!
Gradually, this desperate attack of Sun Xiaoyun made her a bit physically exhausted, and her forehead was filled with sweat!
Only this sweat was surprisingly black, causing Sun Xiaoyun to have a big splashy face!
Just as Chen Ping was looking at Sun Xiaoyun’s appearance, his face full of doubts, Sun Xiaoyun suddenly stopped attacking!
At this moment, the scarlet colour in Sun Xiao Yun’s eyes slowly faded and recovered!
Sun Xiao Yun looked at the messy room, and then looked at Chen Ping in front of her, and instantly said with a puzzled look on her face “What is going on here? Where is my father?”
“Why am I sick again, haven’t I been well?”
Sun Xiaoyun was a little flustered, she did not understand what was going on!
“Miss Sun, you don’t need to panic first, you are not sick, you are poisoned in your body, I’m asking you now, you have to answer me truthfully, so that I can help you.”
Chen Ping saw that Sun Xiao Yun had come to her senses, so he said carefully!
Sun Xiao Yun looked at Chen Ping and realised that Chen Ping was not hostile, so she nodded her head and said “Okay, you ask ……”