As Dong said that, he also made a phone call, obviously calling for people too!
Soon, a few more vans came rushing by, followed by more men, all carrying sticks!
As soon as Brother Tung saw that the men he had called had arrived, he said proudly, “Kid, where are the men you called? You don’t dare to come, do you?”
“Here they are ……” Chen Ping said indifferently!
I just saw a car not far away, a car was speeding towards this side, as fast as it could be.
Seeing that only a small car had come, that Dong immediately laughed out loud, “Are you f*cking kidding me? How many people can you fit in just one car? Even if you’re able to fight, I can call for a constant stream of people, even if I’m tired, I can still tire you out ……”
“I hope that after seeing people, you still keep the same smile you have now ……”
Chen Ping sneered!
Soon, the car arrived at the front, followed by a big, burly man opening the door and stepping down!
After seeing the person who came down, the smile on that Dong’s face instantly froze on his face!
Everyone else drew a cold breath!
The man who came was none other than Lin Tianhu!
After walking quickly in front of Chen Ping, Lin Tianhu respectfully shouted, “Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing that Lin Tianhu was actually so polite to Chen Ping, that Dong was dumbfounded on the spot and was trembling all over!
“Get rid of him ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at that Dong!
Lin Tianhu nodded and turned to face the trembling Brother Dong.
Lin Tianhu’s gaze swept around, and all of the men that Brother Dong had called for were so scared that they all turned pale in fear, and one by one they hurriedly threw away the weapons in their hands!
“Why don’t you all get lost and stay and look for death?”
Lin Tianhu shouted, scaring all those people called by Brother Dong away!
What are you kidding, the underground emperor of Hongcheng, how dare they, the punks, mess with him!
“Tiger …… Master Tiger ……”
That Brother Dong trembled and shouted towards Lin Tianhu!
Lin Tianhu stepped forward and slapped that Dong on the face!
The East Brother did not dare to move, while his wife was a bit upset and immediately yelled at Lin Tianhu, “Who are you? Who are you to hit people?”
When the woman yelled at Lin Tianhu, she scared Brother Dong so much that he almost pa*sed out!
Slap …………
The woman’s voice was so loud that she almost fainted!
At this point, Dong had already cursed his wife in his heart, if she hadn’t messed with Chen Ping and called himself here, how would he have alerted Lin Tianhu.
Besides, looking at Lin Tianhu’s respectful attitude towards Chen Ping, it was obvious that Chen Ping’s status was not ordinary!
But he just couldn’t understand how such a dignified person could drive a broken Changan.
The woman had been beaten up by her own husband and her whole face was disfigured!
But Dong himself knew in his heart that if he didn’t strike hard, I’m afraid both their lives would be lost!
“Master Tiger, the woman’s mouth is unstoppable, I hope Master Tiger won’t be angry ……”
Dong desperately apologized after Lin Tianhu!
But Lin Tianhu didn’t appreciate it at all, he pulled Dong’s collar, followed by a punch to the small of his stomach, that Dong fell to his knees in pain!
Chen Ping slowly walked up to that Brother Dong and looked down at him!
“Didn’t you just tell me to kneel down and apologise? Why are you kneeling down now?”
Chen Ping asked in a slightly playful manner!
That Brother Dong did not dare to raise his head and kowtowed desperately, “Please, Mr. Chen, I am not human, I am blind ……”
Dong desperately begged for mercy!
“I originally didn’t want to kill you, but unfortunately you threatened my family ……”
Chen Ping said, did not pay any attention to that Dong, but got into the car and directly rammed the Maserati and drove inside the neighborhood!