At this moment, Mieko, who was following Hu Ma Zi in the fight, suddenly panicked after seeing Tanaka Maki who had fallen to the ground!
She knew that Tanaka Maki’s strength was far superior to hers, but she had been killed by Chen Ping!
Would that end well for her?
But just as Mieko was lost in thought, she was slapped in the chest by Hu Ma Zi, and her whole body flew backwards!
“D*mn, it’s quite soft ……”
Hu Ma Zi faintly stared!
And after Miezi was hit with a slap, her body actually started to become transparent in mid-air, and immediately afterwards, she disappeared from Hu Ma Zi’s sight!
Hu Ma Zi was recalling the slap when he suddenly realised that Miezi had disappeared, so he panicked and hurriedly threw out a few charms in the hope of making Miezi appear!
Unfortunately, the incantations didn’t work and Mieko disappeared into another dimension as if out of thin air!
“Since you’re here, you can’t leave.”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, followed by a distant grasp!
An invisible force was violently released, and immediately afterwards, an incomparably huge palm appeared in mid-air, which could almost envelop the entire villa!
Mieko’s figure was instantly visible under this palm and was steadily retreating backwards!
Unfortunately, Chen Ping’s power was too strong, and even with such a gentle grasp of empty space, Mieko was unable to resist!
A huge suction force instantly sent Miezi towards Chen Ping, and she ended up in his hands!
Miezi’s neck was stuck in Chen Ping’s grip, and her face was filled with a grimace!
“Forgive me …… forgive me ……”
Mieko started begging for mercy in pain!
“Don’t they say that you ninjas would rather die than give in? Why are you begging for mercy instead?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised.
Even the ninja man who had just started off with the look of a man who would rather die than give in, and now Mieko, who was in charge, was actually starting to beg for mercy.
“Spare my life, spare my life ……”
Mieko continued to beg for mercy.
Seeing that Chen Ping had even killed Tanaka Maki, Mieko knew that there was no way she could escape Chen Ping’s grasp, so she had no choice but to beg for mercy!
But Chen Ping had no intention of letting Mieko go, Chen Ping would never be soft on his enemies!
Mei Hui Zi could see the murderous intent in Chen Ping’s eyes and could not possibly let herself go, so she could only turn her attention to Hu Ma Zi!
Mei Huizi’s eyes were pitiful at the moment, constantly hinting something to Hu Ma Zi with her eyes!
And when Hu Ma Zi saw that look in Mei Hui Zi’s eyes, he couldn’t help but lick his lips.
Seeing this, Chen Ping directly let go of that Mei Huizi, and then said to Hu Ma Zi, “Master Hu, this woman will be left to you to dispose of ……”
After being released, Mei Huizi breathed heavily in desperation and hurriedly crawled to Hu Ma Zi!
“Spare my life, spare my life ……”
Mieko was hugging Hu Ma Zi’s thighs and was constantly rubbing against him!
“Get up, get up ……”
Hu Ma Zi saw this and hurriedly helped Mei Hui Zi up!
At this moment, Miezi’s eyes autumn waves, charming attitude!
Now Mei Hui Zi’s heart finally breathed a sigh of relief because she could see that Hu Ma Zi could not spare her from killing her.
“Master, as long as you spare my life, I am willing to do anything for the master, and I will serve him well.”
Mieko pretended to be soft and leaned against Hu Ma Zi!
Hu Ma Zi looked like she was enjoying herself, which made Watanabe Fumio and Lao Fan on the side look a bit speechless!
Old Fan opened his mouth to remind Hu Ma Zi, but was stopped by Chen Ping!
Chen Ping wanted to see how Hu Ma Zi would handle Mei Hui Zi!
Mei Hui Zi leaned on Hu Ma Zi, a smile appearing at the corner of her mouth, she didn’t have to die now after all.
“Are you really willing to do anything for me?”
Hu Ma Zi spoke to Mieko.