Bai Shao looked at the bloody handkerchief in her hand, and for a moment, she didn’t know what to do!
She didn’t know what kind of relationship this white-haired old man had with Granny Zhen!
After much hesitation, Bai Shao still took the handkerchief and walked in!
Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun exchanged glances and also followed into the room.
They were very curious, so this kind of gossip, they had to listen to it as well!
“Granny Zhen, this is what that old man gave you ……”
Bai Shao handed the handkerchief to Granny Zhen.
Granny Zhen looked at the handkerchief and visibly froze for a moment before finally taking the handkerchief with a trembling hand!
“Granny Zhen, what exactly is your relationship with that old man?”
Bai Qian asked curiously!
Granny Zhen didn’t say anything, but looked at the handkerchief in her hand, then waved her hand and said, “Go out, don’t ask ……”
It was obvious that Granny Zhen didn’t want to say anything, and the fact that she didn’t want to leave the room should mean that she was afraid of seeing that Zhong Yi!
The two people must have once had a relationship, only later, for unknown reasons, they would separate!
Granny Zhen was disheartened and left the Western Region and ended up in the Imperial City of Hu!
Bai Shao saw that Granny Zhen didn’t want to talk about it, so she didn’t dare to ask too many questions and left with Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix!
Granny Zhen, on the other hand, was holding a handkerchief and silently shedding tears!
As for Chen Ping at this time, after receiving Ji Yun’s transmission, he began to search for the Central Region’s Pill Masters Association!
After inquiring about the location of the Central Domain’s Apothecary Society, Chen Ping then travelled non-stop!
The Pill Master Society of the Central Region was situated in a small town!
The town was surrounded by high mountains, and normally, very few people came here, but because of this Yongle City Pill Masters’ Meeting, many pill masters had travelled to this place in preparation for taking the teleportation array and teleporting to Yongle City!
When Chen Ping arrived here, the town had long been overcrowded and there wasn’t even a place to find a place to live!
Many pill masters were at the foot of the surrounding mountains, looking for a random place to live!
And in the very centre of the town, a huge and lofty building was where the Central Region’s Apothecary Society was located!
The building of the Middle Domain Apothecary Guild was majestic, high and low, very grand, which was able to show that the profession of apothecary was really rich!
Regardless of whether it was the secular world, or the current Celestial Realm, those who followed medicine were all rich!
The hospitals in the secular world, which one is not built with great splendour, this is the most profitable business!
Inside the town, pharmacists were constantly travelling in groups of three to five, many of them wearing brand new pharmacist uniforms.
Chen Ping, who was unfamiliar with the area, looked at the Apothecary Club in front of him and intended to go in and ask what time it would take if he took the teleportation array!
But just as Chen Ping was about to walk into the Apothecary Society, someone suddenly called out to him!
“Mr Chen, is that Mr Chen?”
Someone asked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he did not expect that in a small town place like this, there would still be someone who knew him!
When Chen Ping turned to look over, he was instantly frozen!
“Nie Heng?”
Chen Ping looked at the person calling out to him in front of him with some disbelief!
The other party was actually Nie Heng of the Jade Tripod Sect.
“Mr Chen, it’s really you, I thought I was mistaken.”
Nie Heng rushed over and happily hugged Chen Ping!
There were still tears of excitement in his eyes!
“Nie Heng, you’re not in the Jade Cauldron Sect, why did you run here? Where is Ru Yan?”
Chen Ping asked!
“I was accompanying Missy to attend the Pill Masters Conference in Yongle City, right now Missy is staying at an inn not far away, let me take you there.”
“You’ve been gone for so many days, Eldest Miss misses you every day!”
Nie Heng pulled Chen Ping and headed towards the inn!
Chen Ping actually also wanted Liu Ruyan and the girls, but there had been something going on, so Chen Ping hadn’t had the chance to return to the Northern Region to see them!
When Nie Heng pulled Chen Ping to the inn and entered Ruyan Liu’s room!
Ruyan Liu was sitting at the window, looking out the window!