Princess Isha looked at the book in Chen Ping’s hand, while Chen Ping explained, “I wrote this myself, a medicine refining technique for the beast race, and it contains many medicine refining techniques and medicinal knowledge, all of which can be practiced by the beast race.”
“You wrote it?” Princess Isha’s face was full of shock as she took the book and casually flipped through it, finding that what was written in it was really some pill refining techniques, knowing that there were no such books in their book collection!
Princess Isha looked at Chen Ping with curiosity and admiration in her eyes as she slowly handed the book back to Chen Ping!
Seeing the way Princess Isha looked at Chen Ping, Huben was furious!
“This book doesn’t belong to our Book Depository, it’s okay to bring it out!”
Princess Isha said to Huben!
“Princess, as a great general of the Imperial City Guards, I must not ……”
Snap …………
Before Huben could finish his words, Princess Isha stepped forward and gave him a slap on the mouth!
“Remember, when I say it’s okay, it’s okay, don’t you dare go against my word?”
Rage rose from Princess Isha!
When Huben saw this, he lowered his head and stopped talking.
“Let’s go ……”
Princess Isha took Chen Ping and left!
Looking at Princess Isha and Chen Ping’s back, the sinister look in Huben’s eyes intensified.
“Princess Isha, is there something you want to see me about?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Princess Isha!
For Princess Isha to come to the Book Collection Pavilion, she must have come to find herself, and could never be looking for that Huben.
“Lang Feng came to the Imperial City to look for me, saying that he was a friend of yours, covered in wounds and looking for you, as if he said something about something happening in Bashi Village ……”
Princess Isha said after Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, his entire body froze, and a terrifying killing intent permeated his body!
This sudden change made Princess Isha feel a little scared!
“Where is that friend of mine?”
Chen Ping asked with a murderous aura.
“He’s protected by Lang Feng, he’ll be fine, Lang Feng is at the city gates now.”
Princess Isha looked at Chen Ping like that and said with some trepidation!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping handed the book in his hand to Princess Isha and said “Give this book to your father and tell him to pick some talented people to cultivate.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he ran towards the entrance of the city as fast as he could!
“Hey, wait for me ……”
Princess Isha chased after him!
Chen Ping saw Lang Feng at the door and immediately rushed up and said “Where is my friend, where is he?”
“Your friend is injured and is still in the jungle of the mountain range, but I have sent a dozen demon wolves to protect him, he will be fine.”
Lang Feng said!
“Take me, take me to him right now!”
Chen Ping stepped forward and grabbed Lang Feng’s shoulder hard and urged!
Lang Feng glanced at Princess Isha, who nodded “Take him there, and from now on you will listen to him ……”
Although Lang Feng did not understand, but Princess Isha had said so, he could only comply!
“Come with me ……”
Lang Feng took Chen Ping and left quickly!
Princess Isha looked at Chen Ping’s back, her eyes once again had a change, she felt that blood-curdling feeling of a man from Chen Ping’s body!
Lang Feng took Chen Ping and found Ally, who was now covered in bruises and fainted on the ground!
Chen Ping hurriedly went forward and channeled a spiritual energy into Ah Li’s body, and after a few moments, Ah Li slowly opened his eyes!
“Chen Ping …… Chen Ping …………”
When he opened his eyes and saw Chen Ping, Ah Li excitedly grabbed Chen Ping’s arm “Quickly save Bashi Village, quickly save Bashi Village ……”
“Ah Li, take it easy, what’s going on?”
Chen Ping asked to Ah Li!
Ah Li told what Zhang Bei and Wu Fei Yu had done in Bashi Village!
Chen Ping’s face was now gloomy to the core and his eyes were full of murderous anger!
It seemed to be just as he had suspected, it was really Zhang Bei and Wu Feiyu who had gone to Bashi Village, and they would not stand by and watch the Immortal Crane Grass being taken away from them!
“Lang Feng, you help me take care of Ah Li ……”
After Chen Ping entrusted Ah Li to Lang Feng, he flew towards Bashi Village!