“Ling’er, of course I’ve come to see you, although the two of us have withdrawn from the marriage, but now you are not married and I am not married, we can still be together!”
The young man got up and looked at Gu Ling’er with a smile on his face and said.
“Qin Feng, die your heart, I will not marry you even if I live my whole life, wasn’t it enough that you humiliated me back then? Why don’t you go find your Miss Bai, did you get dumped by someone?”
Gu Ling’er looked at that Qin Feng with a disdainful face and said.
Qin Feng was not angry, he smiled lightly and said, “Ling’er, I actually still like you, I dumped Bai Manli a long time ago, I’ve come all the way here to find you this time!”
The first time I came to find you, I came here to find you!” Qin Feng said, but he grabbed his body towards Gu Ling’er, Gu Ling’er wanted to dodge, but he found that Qin Feng was extremely fast, Gu Ling’er couldn’t dodge at all!
Gu Ling’er’s hand was grabbed by Qin Feng, her whole face became extremely ugly, and she struggled desperately: “Qin Feng, you b*****d, let go of your hand ……”
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er’s parents were about to speak up, but they were given a glance by the middle-aged man behind that Qin Feng, a glance that carried an endless pressure, directly causing Gu Ling’er’s parents to take a few steps backwards, their faces turning ugly.
“What kind of person are you? Hurry up and let go of Ling’er, aren’t you playing a rascal?”
Seeing this, Su Yuqi yelled at Qin Feng with an angry face.
Seeing this, that middle-aged man’s body violently erupted with a burst of qi, a terrifying aura pressing towards Su Yuqi!
“Humph!”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, directly pulling Su Yuqi behind him as his body’s spiritual energy instantly exploded out, directly meeting the middle-aged man’s qi!
A mountainous force pressed down on him, causing the middle-aged man to retreat several steps in a row before he could stabilize himself!
Chen Ping stepped forward and grabbed Qin Feng’s wrist, breaking his hand away: “You’d better show more respect to girls!”
Chen Ping’s voice was incomparably cold, and his eyes were staring deadly at Qin Feng!
Seeing this, the middle-aged man’s eyes burst out with killing intent: “There are still such young talents in Jiangbei Provincial City, I’ve really seen it!”
With that, the middle-aged man clenched his hands into fists and was ready to smash his fist towards Chen Ping!
“Ah Da, stop!” Qin Feng spoke up, and the middle-aged man could only withdraw his fist!
While Qin Feng looked at Chen Ping, with hostility in his eyes, he said, “Who are you Gu Ling’er?”
“A friend!” Chen Ping let go of that Qin Feng and said indifferently.
Qin Feng shot a glance at Chen Ping, put away his hostile intent and said, “I’m here on business, not to fight, I’ll have a good time with you when I have the chance!”
After Qin Feng finished speaking, he turned his head to look at Gu Ling’er’s father and said, “Uncle, what I just told you, I hope you will think about it, as long as you help me find someone, I promise to use all the connections of the Qin family to transfer you to a position in Kyoto!”
“I’ll think about it!” Gu Ling’er’s father said.
Qin Feng nodded in satisfaction and led the middle-aged man away!
“Dad, what kind of person did that Qin Feng tell you to find? Hasn’t our family been humiliated enough? And you’re helping him?”
As Qin Feng walked back, Gu Ling’er asked loudly to her father.
Gu Ling’er’s father took out a photo of the girl, “He told me to look for this girl, saying that she might have come to the provincial city and wanted me to mobilize my provincial connections to find her, and that it was no big deal!”
“You should have turned him down on the spot, what’s the point of thinking about it? I think you just want to go to Kyoto to become an official!”
Gu Ling’er roared angrily before turning her head and running out of the house!
Chen Ping and Su Yuqi were so embarra*sed that they could only put their things down and hurriedly chased them out!
In the car, Gu Ling’er was in tears, with a face of aggression!
Su Yuqi gently comforted her, “Ling’er, who is that man anyway? Why did he even back out of the marriage with you?”