Demon Seal League
Majestic and beautiful, a palace towered over the clouds!
This was where Zuo Tianzheng, Lord of the Demon Sealing Alliance, resided!
At this moment, Zuo Tianzheng was sitting in the middle of the great hall with his eyes slightly closed, absorbing the pure aura that came up from the underground!
And underneath this great hall of his was a vast underground city where hundreds of demonic cultivators resided!
Soon, a sound of footsteps came, and Zuo Tianzheng slowly opened his eyes!
A middle-aged man respectfully walked in front of Zuo Tianzheng, then bent down and said “Alliance Master, the Five Elements Heavenly Fiends have only retrieved the Water Fiend and the Earth Fiend, the others should have met with an untimely end.”
“Did we have a sub rudder that was also trashed, even the sub rudder master was killed?” Zuo Tianzheng asked with a frown!
“Yes, that sub rudder master named Ye Fengqing was killed by a guy named Chen Ping, including several elders of the sub rudder.”
“And the people from the Five Elements Heavenly Fury were also killed by this guy named Chen Ping.”
The middle-aged man hurriedly said!
“Chen Ping?” Zuo Tianzheng’s eyes flashed with a cold aura “Do you have any news about this person?”
“Back to Alliance Master, I have investigated this person, all the information is here!”
The middle-aged man said, pulling out a record rune stone and placing it in front of Zuo Tianzheng before continuing “This fellow called Chen Ping, seems to have appeared in the Celestial Realm out of thin air, previous records could not be inquired into at all, so all of my subordinates suspect that he is from other dimensional worlds.”
“Moreover, this person is able to fight across levels, a mere eighth grade of the Harmonisation realm can defeat a second grade cultivator of the Transition realm, and he also knows all sorts of arts and techniques, his body is even invulnerable to all poisons, so he should have come from a higher dimensional world.”
Zuo Tianzheng did not say anything, instead, he gently placed one hand on that recording rune stone, and soon Chen Ping’s information appeared in his mind!
“What a fast speed, in less than a month, he was able to ascend several realms in a row, this fellow is indeed somewhat unsimple.” r>
Zuo Tianzheng frowned slightly “Have you ever considered that the reason why this fellow is so powerful would be a transmigrator?”
“Transmigrator?” The middle-aged man froze, then shook his head “Alliance Master, transmigrators usually occur in large clans and sects, where the clan patriarch fails to ascend, and will leave behind a wisp of residual soul to be reborn amongst the clan’s children.”
“But according to my investigation, this Chen Ping doesn’t seem to have any identity background, nor does he have a so-called family, it shouldn’t be possible for him to be a transmigrator, and there’s no way for him to awaken a transmigrating body.”
Hearing the middle aged man’s words, Zuo Tianzheng fell into silence, and after a moment said “Bring that Water Fiend and Earth Fiend to see me ……”
The middle-aged man waved his hand, and the Water Fiend and Earth Fiend walked in with trepidation!
They disobeyed Zuo Tianzheng’s order, and now that they have been captured, there is definitely no good fruit to eat!
As soon as they saw Zuo Tianzheng, the two instantly knelt on the ground!
Zuo Tianzheng coldly looked at Water Fiend and Earth Fiend, his voice was gloomy, “You got the order, why didn’t you rush back at the first time?”
The two people looked at each other in disbelief, but did not dare to say a word!
“Since you guys don’t dare to say, I’ll say it for you, you revealed the secrets of my Demon Sealing Alliance and were afraid of coming back to be punished, that’s why you disobeyed the order, right?”
Zuo Tianzheng asked!
“Allied Lord spare your life, it was all Fire Fiend and Wood Fiend’s idea, the secret was also leaked out by them, so they thought to kill all the people who knew the secret before coming back to report!”
Water Fiend said as if kowtowing!
“Do you guys know what kind of consequences it is to leak out the secrets of my Demon Sealing Alliance? Luckily for my Demon Sealing Alliance, for so many years, it has always been under the slogan of eliminating demons and defending the way, and no one suspected it.”
“Even if someone knew the secret and said it, no one would believe it, otherwise this would be a cruel blow to my Demon Sealing Alliance.”
After Zuo Tianzheng finished speaking, he only saw a gentle wave of his palm, and two black mists instantly wrapped the Water Fiend and Earth Fiend!