He was afraid that Chen Ping would get angry and kill him, after all, Chen Ping’s current strength was not something he could handle!
Not to mention the fact that there was still Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix around!
Chen Ping just coldly glanced at that Ning Caixin, he knew that Ning Caixin was telling a lie, but he still let Bai Shao loosen Ning Caixin up!
“You really don’t know where your old ancestor went?”
Chen Ping asked to Ning Caixin!
“Really, that gongfu should be a demonic gongfu, so there is no way for us to open it at all, the old ancestor said to think of a way to try and let me wait here ……”
Ning Caichen said honestly!
Just as Ning Caichen had finished speaking, that Ning Zhi’s figure drifted down from the mid-air in the midst of the Fiendish Qi!
“This gongfu is a demonic thing, it can’t be opened at all, I want to try with the breath here, it still doesn’t work ……”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, he even directly threw that merit law to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping took the jade slip of the gong method, a spiritual force was punched into it, and sure enough, the jade slip was motionless, and the content inside could not be seen!
“This is something that is only useful in the hands of the Demon Race, it seems that we have wasted our efforts.”
“Since you want it, then I’ll give you the item, and we’ll go look for other treasures.”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, he gave a wink towards Ning Caichen, then turned around and left!
Chen Ping quietly watched Ning Zhi and Ning Caixin leave, and did not move either!
Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix didn’t say anything either, after all, that Feat Jade Slip was returned by the other party very painfully!
“Master, what then? Shouldn’t we wait until we go out and let the Blood Spirit Valley’s Luo Gu Master help take a look, after all, he is a demonic cultivator.”
Fire Phoenix asked to Chen Ping!
“No need, I am also counted as half of a devil cultivator, you two wait for me here for a while ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body leapt up and levitated in the midst of the fissure’s baleful aura!
The Concentration Technique was running at a rapid pace as Chen Ping frantically absorbed the Dao Fury Qi!
On the other side, Ning Zhi and Ning Caixin, who had already left, slowly raised their heads at this moment and realised that the Dao Pattern Fatal Qi in the crack was decreasing.
The crack that had originally been obscured by a mass of black mist began to slowly fade, and it was surprisingly possible to see the view from above from underneath the crack!
“Old Ancestor, what’s going on here?”
Ning Caichen asked in confusion!
“It’s probably because the technique was taken away, and the Fury Qi here is dissipating along with it.”
Ning Zhi looked at the meeting disappearing baleful Qi, and hated it in his heart!
However, he knew that he had to endure, Chen Ping he was able to make that Lion and Tiger Beast obedient, able to free itself from that frozen state, it must have a power that he was not yet aware of!
Originally thought that Chen Ping was dead, did not think that still alive, but this is better, Ning Zhi can personally kill Chen Ping revenge!
But not now, Ning Zhi at this time is no longer the previous somewhat reckless person, he must do it in the case of having 100% certainty to kill Chen Ping!
Right now, his identity hadn’t been recognised, he was in the dark and Chen Ping was in the light, this was Ning Zhi’s biggest dependence, so he wouldn’t expose it easily!
“Old Ancestor, it’s too bad that you gave away the merit law so easily ……”
Ning Caichen said with a face full of pity!
“Since we can’t open it, it’s useless for us to keep it, we might as well do a favour, if we don’t give it to him, will he let us leave?”
Ning Zhi smiled faintly, then leapt out of the rift!
And after leaving the crack, Ning Zhi glanced at the crack behind him, the corner of his mouth raising a few cold smiles.
I don’t know if this guy had opened the gongfu and seen what was inside!
…………
I don’t know how long it took, but Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes and directly smiled!
With all this Dao Pattern Bane, he could continue to use the Divine King Bow, the last time he followed Qi Peijia in a battle, Chen Ping had used up almost all the power in his body!
Although this Divine Demon Battlefield was filled with spiritual Qi, there was also Immortal Qi everywhere, which could quickly allow Chen Ping to replenish it!