“The prince of the Xiao Dynasty, I’ve heard that he’s sick, but it looks like this person isn’t sick!”
The hunchbacked old man questioned!
“Emperor Xiao does have a physical ailment, we brought Emperor Xiao Dynasty to this deep sea this time, also to search for the whale demon and use the whale demon’s blubber to cure Emperor Xiao’s illness.”
Gu Tianzhao said randomly!
He didn’t expect that this Zhentian Dharma Sect, which was always overseas, would know about Emperor Xiao’s son’s illness!
“You say he is Emperor Xiao, he is Emperor Xiao la? Is there any evidence?”
The hunchbacked old man was somewhat unconvinced!
As long as he was able to determine that Chen Ping was not Emperor Xiao’s son, then he would be able to take revenge, having been publicly humiliated by Chen Ping, he would definitely return the favour!
“You want to see evidence?”
Chen Ping asked as he took a step forward!
“Of course, how else would I know that you are Emperor Xiao.”
The hunchbacked old man nodded his head!
“Hmph, you don’t look at your own virtues, do you deserve to see it?”
“If you want to see proof, I can show you, but you have to beat me first!”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, looked at the hunchbacked old man with a disdainful face and said!
“You …………”
The hunchbacked old man was furious and was about to make a move against Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Mu Qiufeng hurriedly stopped the hunchbacked old man and then said to Chen Ping, “This Taoist friend, we also just want to confirm, there is no other meaning, we have actually looked up to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty for a long time.”
“Seeing that you are still polite in your words, I can show you ……”
Chen Ping said and directly threw the token in his hand to Mu Qiufeng!
This was the real token of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, so Chen Ping was not afraid to look at it at all!
After Mu Qiufeng received the token, he found that the token was indeed real, and there was also the unique mark and aura of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty on the token!
Since he was able to hold a token from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, then Chen Ping’s identity could be determined!
The hunchbacked old man looked at the token and was also scared for a while, if he had just made a move on Chen Ping, the consequences would have been unimaginable!
“So it’s really Prince Xiao, we ……”
Seeing that it was a real token, Mu Qiufeng returned it to Chen Ping, intending to follow Chen Ping with some politeness!
But who knows, Chen Ping got the token and walked straight into the cabin, not bothering with Mu Qiufeng at all!
As the prince of the Xiao Dynasty, it was only right to have some temper!
Seeing this, Mu Qiufeng became a little embarrassed!
“Patriarch Mu, Prince Xiao’s character is like this, you don’t have to be overly concerned!”
Gu Tianzhao said!
“No, of course I won’t care, I’m really sorry for delaying Imperial Prince Xiao!”
How would Mu Qiufeng dare to care, this was the prince of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty was definitely one of the most powerful existences in the entire Celestial Realm.
Apart from some perennial hidden clans, or the forces of domain lords, no one dared to mess with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty for fear!
Even that Demon Sealing Alliance would not dare to mess with the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty when they came across them!
“Then Patriarch Mu, can we leave now?”
Gu Tianzhao asked!
“Of course, of course we can leave, please make sure to bring Emperor Xiao to our island to sit down.”
“As for the whale demon’s grease, we have it in our Zhentian Dharma Sect, there’s no need to go around looking for it.”
At this time, Mu Qiufeng wanted to flatter Chen Ping, if they followed Emperor Xiao to make a good relationship, they wouldn’t need to survive on this deserted island all year round!
“No problem!”Gu Tianzhao nodded.
Soon, the spirit boat slowly began to move forward, Mu Qiufeng and the others just watched as Chen Ping and their spirit boat slowly faded out of sight!
“Patriarch, was that person just now really the imperial son of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
“I always feel that there is something not quite right somewhere?”
The hunchbacked old man said with a slight frown after seeing the spirit boat leave!
“The token is real, it shouldn’t be wrong, and to be able to have the Two Yi Sect’s Sect Master personally escorting him, that identity must not be simple.”
Mu Qiufeng said!