The atmosphere on the scene was tense to the point where a great battle was about to break out.
“Lord Zhu, the men you sent have all run away and failed to kill Chen Ping, so if you now take advantage of Chen Ping’s unconsciousness and make a move against him, isn’t it a loss of style!”
Just as the two sides were at war, a bright voice suddenly sounded, followed by Ge Fuhai floating onto the martial arts arena.
Ge Fuhai stood in the middle of the martial arts arena, with a faint smile on his face.
“Ge Family Master, what do you mean by that?”
Zhu Zhishan said with a frown.
“Nothing else, I just see that you guys are too shameless and have disgraced my Kyoto martial arts community ……”
Ge Fuhai said indifferently.
“You ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was furious, but he didn’t dare to make a move against Ge Fuhai, instead he said in a stern voice, “Master Ge, your Ge family has never interfered with any matters in the martial arts world, yet you are standing up for this Chen Ping today, why is that?”
“Do you want the Ge family to be caught in the middle of this fight and follow our Martial Dao Alliance as enemies?”
“I advise you to be wise and protect yourself, the Ge family’s reputation of so many years, do you want to spoil it in your hands?”
After Zhu Zhishan finished his words, the threat on Ge Fuhai’s face instantly disappeared, followed by a cold look at Ge Fuhai, “My Ge family has no intention of making enemies with your Martial Dao Alliance, nor do we want to compete for any resources.”
“But your Martial Dao Alliance is despicable and nasty, in order to make our Ge family and the Dong family enemies, you even made a move against my daughter, don’t think I don’t know anything!”
“If I were to find conclusive evidence, I will be the first to rip your head off as the Martial Dao Alliance’s alliance leader ……”
Ge Fuhai’s words caused Zhu Zhishan’s heart to tremble.
Zhu Zhishan didn’t know anything about Ge Jiayi at all, those were all done by Ning Zhi, but looking at Ge Fuhai like this, Zhu Zhishan could be sure that that fellow Ning Zhi must have done something to Ge Jiayi.
“Clan Master Ge, this might be a misunderstanding, when the time comes for this matter, I will definitely give Clan Master Ge an explanation, but for today’s matter, I hope Clan Master Ge will not interfere!”
“There is absolutely no benefit in going against the Martial Alliance, if Family Master Ge still wants to stay out of the world and be left alone, you had better back off ……”
Zhu Zhishan was soft and hard on Ge Fuhai, hoping that Ge Fuhai would stay out of it, this was the best time to kill Chen Ping!
If Ge Fuhai interfered, then this opportunity would be wasted.
“What if I have to interfere?”
Ge Fuhai looked at Zhu Zhishan, his eyes sharp and vaguely tinged with some killing intent!
“You …………”
Zhu Zhishan’s face turned red, gritting his teeth to death, unable to say a word!
If he forced his hand on Chen Ping at this time, he was afraid that he would not be a match for Ge Fuhai and Dong Liqun at all!
After all, if the two joined forces, it would be difficult for him and Long Xiao to cope, not to mention the fact that there was still a Ge Jiayi watching over them.
“Dong Jiahao, take Chen Ping away ……”
Ge Fuhai said to Dong Jiahao.
Dong Jiahao faintly froze, but quickly went forward and carried Chen Ping on his back.
When Long Xiao saw this, his eyes widened in anger and one hand swung out violently, a black mist striking towards Chen Ping.
He couldn’t just stand by and watch Chen Ping being saved like this, such a good opportunity couldn’t be wasted!
“Seeking death ……”
Ge Fuhai frowned and casually waved his hand!
A terrifying aura headed towards Long Xiao, and that black fog instantly dissipated without a trace after touching Ge Fuhai’s aura!
And Long Xiao was unable to dodge, and was heavily knocked out.
Long Xiao slowly climbed up, his body was not seriously hurt, it looked like Ge Fuhai had not killed him!
“If you dare to strike, you will be killed next time, even if you are the son of the Dragon Family, what can you do?”
Ge Fuhai had a gloomy face, and in his tone, he did not put the Long Family in his eyes in the slightest.