After leaving the secret realm, Chen Ping went straight to the Ge family.
Sure enough, when Ge Fuhai saw Chen Ping, he hurriedly went up to him and said, “Mr. Chen, you’re back, the clan elders are all anxious!”
“Master Ge, don’t we still have a few days before the Secret World Conference? Why is Clan Master Ge so anxious?”
Chen Ping asked, a little surprised.
“It’s because there are only a limited number of participants in the Secret Realm, and some clans in the Fire Gate Secret Realm don’t agree with the clan leader taking you there!”
Ge Fuhai explained.
“Oh, so that’s how it is, then let’s get going!”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
Soon the two came to the entrance of the secret realm and went straight into the Fire Sect secret realm!
When they arrived at the Ge family’s home, Chen Ping found several people sitting in the Ge family’s main hall, and Ge Cang Sheng was among them!
There was also Ginger Wu Ya, the master of the Tian Luo House.
Seeing that Chen Ping had arrived, Ge Cang Sheng and Ginger Wu Ya rose to greet him!
“Mr. Chen, please have a seat ……”
Ge Cang Sheng personally brought a chair for Chen Ping!
The way Ge Cang Sheng treated Chen Ping made a middle-aged man sitting next to him feel a little puzzled!
“Clan Elder Ge, as the clan elder of the Ge family, why are you so courteous to a junior from the secular world?”
“Even when I came to your Ge family, you have never been so courteous, have you?”
The middle-aged man said jokingly.
“Cao Fu, you come to my Ge family 800 times a year and you can’t even be driven away, it’s good that I don’t do anything, and you still want me to be polite to you ……”
Ge Cang Sheng glared at the middle-aged man and said.
“Hahahaha, who made your Ge family’s rice delicious, it’s making me hungry!”
Cao Fu laughed out loud!
Chen Ping shot a glance at Cao Fu, while Ge Cang Sheng hurriedly explained, “Mr. Chen, this guy is a casual cultivator named Cao Fu, he is alone in this mysterious realm and often goes to the major clans and families to eat!”
At this moment, Cao Fu looked at Chen Ping and said, “Kid, you do have some strength, to be able to cultivate to the Demiurge stage in a place like the secular world.”
“Oh, that’s what the martial artists in the secular world call a Martial God, a Martial God at such a young age, apart from those in the Hidden World, I’m afraid you’re going to be invincible in the secular world, right?”
Cao Fu’s words surprised Chen Ping a little and he hurriedly asked, “You still know about the Hidden Realm?”
“Of course I know, although we are in the Secret Realm and cannot stay in the Secular Realm for long, it does not mean that we cannot leave the Secret Realm!”
“I’ve been to the Hundred Chain Pavilion often, and I even bought a few magic weapons at that time.”
Cao Fu explained.
Hearing Cao Fu’s words, Chen Ping laughed but did not say anything, for there was no longer a Hundred Chain Pavilion in the secular world!
At that moment, Chen Ping felt that there was a seemingly invisible divine consciousness that was covering him.
It was so faint that if Chen Ping did not feel it carefully, he would not be able to detect it at all!
Chen Ping suddenly turned his head and found an old man staring at him without blinking, and behind him stood a young man!
When the old man saw Chen Ping looking at him, he moved his gaze away, and his seemingly absent consciousness disappeared instantly!
“Ge Cang Sheng, is this the Chen Ping you must bring to the Secret World Conference?”
The old man asked Ge Cang Sheng.
From the tone of the old man’s voice, it seemed that he had no respect for Ge Cang Sheng!
“Yes, this is Mr. Chen whom I want to bring to the Secret World Conference!”
Ge Cang Sheng nodded, and then introduced himself to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, this is the owner of Chopping Moon Court, Jin Lifu, and behind him is his son, Jin Yuan.”
After speaking, Ge Cang Sheng used his voice transmission technique to say to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, this Chanting Moon Sect has annexed a dozen sects in the Fire Sect Mystic Realm and is now the largest sect in the Fire Sect Mystic Realm, and he is the one who is blocking your participation in the Mystic Realm a*sembly!”
Ge Cang Sheng had just finished speaking with his voice transmission technique when he saw Jin Lifu sneer and say, “Ge Cang Sheng, you’re an old man, what can you not say?” -Ge Cang Sheng