The huge energy spread out in all directions, and the crowd, who had thought they were hiding far away, were hit by this sudden energy, and many of them flew backwards, and even some with low strength, their bodies were instantly shattered by this terrifying energy!
The people who were watching the show were killed, so if they didn’t have that kind of strength, they couldn’t even watch the show.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and fended off the terrifying energy emitted, while Ning Hai was blown backwards and forwards!
Boom!
With another explosion, the body of that incredibly fierce beast instantly exploded in mid-air, before turning into specks of light and disappearing into the air.
And the golden dragon instantly returned to Chen Ping’s body after letting out a dragon roar.
Chen Ping let out a long breath, he hadn’t expected that even the power of the divine dragon had been enhanced after breaking through to the firstborn.
The crowd looked at Chen Ping with dumbfounded eyes, some of them unconsciously swallowed their saliva.
One must know that this Blood Demon Seal of Ning Hai relied on the burning of essence blood, even at the cost of his life’s energy to perform it.
The fierce beast represented Ning Hai at his most insane and peak state of strength.
But it was such strength, yet it was unbearable ……
“How is this possible, how is this possible ……”
Ning Dahai was completely desperate at this moment, all his means had been used, but he still couldn’t shake Chen Ping!
The current Chen Ping was no longer the Chen Ping of a few days ago.
A major realm boost in strength had created a gap between the two people.
This gap in strength between them made it so that Ning Hai no longer had any hope of winning.
“Is this all you’ve got?”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Dahai coldly!
Ning Dahai did not speak, but the aura on his body quickly withered away, and he soon turned into an ordinary person.
His hair instantly turned white, as if he was an old man on the verge of dying!
The current Ning Hai had long since lost the appearance of a martial arts family head, nor did he have his former arrogance!
Seeing this, all of them knew that Ning Dahai had been defeated, defeated very thoroughly ……
And those Ning family members were already terrified to the core at this moment, because Ning Hai’s defeat also heralded their death.
Puff, puff …………
The Ning family members were kneeling to a huddle, they were kneeling to Chen Ping, begging him to bypa*s a life, and they were likewise kneeling to Ning Hai, hoping that Ning Hai would save them!
At this moment, Ning Zhi, after seeing his father fall, had a cold glint in his eyes before his figure quietly slipped into the courtyard.
He then pa*sed through the Ning family’s secret pa*sageway and had already escaped!
As Ning Hai looked at the Ning family members who had fallen to their knees, his face was filled with fall and helplessness!
“Chen Ping, I am defeated, you can do whatever you want to me, I hope you can spare them and spare my son ……”
Ning Hai had long understood that he would not survive, he only hoped that Chen Ping would spare the Ning family!
“Do you think that’s possible? In the beginning, did your Ning family ever spare the Vicious Valley a horse?”
“Dozens of people from the Valley of the Wicked have died horribly, their bones are still cold, and they all died for me, so it is my duty and obligation to avenge them!”
Chen Ping’s eyes were full of killing intent, he would not spare any of the Ning family, as these people all had the blood of the Vicious Valley on their hands.
To be merciful to one’s enemies was to be cruel to oneself.
Especially in the martial arts world, there was only life and death, no mercy.
Chen Ping was no saintly mother, all those who provoked him would die …………
“I can give you all of the Ning Family’s treasure resources, and among my secret room, there are quite a few magic weapons, together with you, I only beg you to spare my son ……”
At this moment, Ning Hai simply did not yet know that Ning Zhi had long since sneaked away, and he was actually still worried about Ning Zhi.