“Senior sister, you’d better admit defeat, you’re not my opponent at all.”
“If you admit defeat now, I might make conditions that won’t make things difficult for you.”
“If you are pestering me bitterly, then after I win you, I will have to make you strip naked and dance in front of me.”
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Ling and persuaded with a smile on his face!
But this smile in Zhu Ling’s eyes that was mockery!
Especially that stripping naked and dancing, she thought Chen Ping was just humiliating her!
“Don’t be complacent, my true ability hasn’t been brought out yet.”
Zhu Ling gritted her teeth, then her body leapt up!
Zhu Ling’s body leapt into mid-air, and then surprisingly threw out the spirit sword in her hand, accompanied by a roar as flames shot up from the spirit sword!
A huge dragon with flames burning all over its body and a bloody mouth appeared!
Just now it was a spirit snake, while this time it was actually a fire dragon!
One tactic at a time!
When Chen Ping saw this, a trace of gravity finally appeared on his face!
If Chen Ping did not hide his identity and directly exploded the power of the Divine Dragon, making the Golden Dragon manifest, this illusory fire dragon of Zhu Ling would not be able to withstand a single blow!
However, Chen Ping could not be exposed, if he exploded the power of the divine dragon, then his identity could not be hidden!
The only one in the entire Celestial Realm who was able to explode the power of the divine dragon and make the golden dragon manifest was himself!
Chen Ping swung the branch in his hand out with vigour, and a white light went straight towards that fire dragon!
However, the moment that branch followed the fire dragon in a collision, it directly turned into powder!
After all, it was just a section of a tree branch, although it had been injected with spiritual energy and a hint of Extreme Cold Ice Flame by Chen Ping, it was still a section of a tree branch!
Seeing the branch turn into powder, the corner of that Zhu Ling’s mouth lifted up!
He wanted to make Chen Ping regret that he had taken a section of the branch and followed him in a match!
The fire dragon roared, its claws burning with flames, slapping directly towards Chen Ping!
Wei Qing and Elder Yu were all shocked when they saw this scene, and Elder Yu began to radiate his aura, ready to stop it at any time!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was fearless, although without the branch, Chen Ping directly slapped out his palm and followed the claws of the fire dragon to collide together!
Chen Ping’s palm was also filled with flames, and even within the flames, flashes of lightning could be clearly seen!
Chen Ping had used the Running Thunder Palm, but he had not fully executed it, he did not want to expose too much in the Purple Flame Sect!
Chen Ping’s palm, after colliding with the fire dragon, unexpectedly all of them retreated backwards!
Seeing this scene, Elder Yu, who had originally planned to strike, once again suppressed his breath!
He also did not expect that Chen Ping did not use any weapon, but actually followed the fire dragon with his bare hands and clapped against it!
And it didn’t look like it had suffered any damage either!
Only just now, Chen Ping’s palm, in the midst of the burning flames, there were flashes of lightning, which Elder Yu saw clearly!
“This son even knows the art of thunder and lightning, it seems that he has really hidden quite a lot.”
Elder Yu was even more interested at the moment!
Although Elder Yu loved money, he accepted Chen Ping’s money and brought him to the Purple Flame Sect to meet the old Sect Master and learn the Art of Supreme Fire Fusion!
However, he wasn’t stupid, and he was more than likely not going to let the Violet Flame Sect fall into a dangerous situation!
What exactly Chen Ping was up to, Elder Yu had been secretly observing all along!
If Chen Ping really had the intention to act against the Purple Flame Sect, Elder Yu would definitely strike!
Money could be earned, but there had to be a bottom line!
Money that was detrimental to the Violet Flame Sect, Elder Yu would not earn!
“Do you now know what happens when you belittle me?I will allow you to take out your weapon, or the next fire dragon attack will take your life.”
Although Zhu Ling was also surprised by Chen Ping’s slap, she was confident that Chen Ping would not be able to block the next attack!
“Against you, using a tree branch is redundant, I’ll do it with my bare hands!”
Chen Ping waved his hand towards Zhu Ling, the teasing meaning was very obvious!
“Hmph……”
Seeing this, Zhu Ling let out a cold snort, followed by her hands burning with flames, continuously pinching, a flame surging into the body of the fire dragon in mid-air!
In a flash, the flames on the fire dragon’s body intensified!