“King Knight ……”
“Dad …………”
Elder Qi and Knight Star also shouted out nervously when they saw this scene!
This outcome was something that no one had expected, no one had expected Chen Ping to follow that Knight King and fall from mid-air at the same time!
No one had seen exactly what had happened!
Right now, they didn’t dare to come closer, after all, the aftermath of the collision between these two people was enough to send those close by flying out!
After a while, a rumbling sound came from underground!
Immediately after that, two figures slowly flew up from the deep pit and then hovered in mid-air!
The two people looked at each other, Chen Ping appeared relaxed while that Knight King had a hideous face!
It was simply too ironic that he, who had awakened his Beast Soul, had followed Chen Ping and almost fought a hand to a draw!
This was a pure power clash, there was no skill to speak of!
He did not understand how Chen Ping could have such physical strength, and how could Chen Ping’s body be so strong?
A human cultivator should not be in this situation!
“What beast power you have, it feels very average ah ……”
Chen Ping said with a slight mockery!
When he heard Chen Ping’s words, King Li felt like he was being slapped in the face!
Time and time again, he had said that he wanted to kill Chen Ping and how awesome his Beast Race power was!
Yet time and time again, he was slapped in the face by Chen Ping!
The Knight King’s eyes were filled with killing intent as he looked towards Chen Ping, this time he did not say anything else, instead, light emanated from his brow once again and a vast power began to rise!
The vision behind the Knight King began to spread all of a sudden, followed by rapid hand speeds, after several times of the vision spreading hand speeds, the Knight King’s entire body was also undergoing changes!
Only to see the Li King’s entire body emerge with black hair, his mouth also revealed fangs, and his hands turned into sharp claws, looking very scary!
This Knight King had turned into a half-human, half-beast monster, but the power in his body had clearly increased once again!
“Just now I was merely testing you, now is the time to show you ……”
The Knight King eventually let out a burst of hissing, his voice was very awkward as if it was squeezed out of his throat in a hard way!
After saying that, that Knight King quickly rushed towards Chen Ping, and this time, the Knight King’s movements unexpectedly became swift.
Only to see a black shadow flashing by, the Li King had already arrived in front of Chen Ping!
Then a claw slapped towards Chen Ping, this claw went down and only tore the void!
Also Chen Ping was also slapped by this claw, his body directly flew out backwards, and there were also these blood marks on his chest!
“Chen Ping……”
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing this, Yi He and Gao Qilan directly rushed over and stopped Chen Ping!
Looking at the damage on Chen Ping’s chest, Gao Qilan and the girls were all heartbroken!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Gao Qilan asked with concern!
“It’s fine, this small injury is nothing.” Chen Ping smiled easily “But to be able to injure my physical body, this Knight King’s strength is quite good.”
When the Knight King saw that Chen Ping had been injured by himself, his eyes instantly revealed smugness, and his body exuded a bloodthirsty aura that took the hearts of the people!
The Knight King stood above the void, and the visions behind him flashed continuously, as if they were giving the Knight King some sort of power!
“Kid, this time, you’ve seen the true power of the beast clan, right? Just now, I only used 50% of my power, if I had struck with all my might, you would have become a dead body long ago.”
King Li said as he looked down at Chen Ping with great complacency!
Chen Ping pushed away the crowd and his body leapt up to face the Knight King directly, without the slightest bit of fear in his eyes!
“Your beast power is nothing more than that, since you say so, let me show you what is the true beast power.”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, golden light flashed behind him, and along with the golden light, a golden dragon slowly flashed out behind Chen Ping’s back!
The golden dragon roamed behind Chen Ping, exuding an endless power of majesty from his body, causing many people to kneel down when they looked at it!
Even many of the generals of the Ming Li Royal City could not help but kneel on the ground at this moment!
The golden dragon, is the lord of all beasts ……