Chen Ping revealed a cold smile as he slowly walked forward!
Just after Chen Ping had taken a few steps, Leng Wu Dao’s laughter crashed to a halt!
Immediately afterwards, there was a loud bang, and Leng Wu Dao’s body was directly blown to pieces!
Blood and flesh splattered all over the place, leaving everyone dumbfounded!
If they didn’t know that Leng Wu Dao was one of the top experts in the Hidden Realm, his strength as a Sixth Grade Martial Emperor was no mean feat, otherwise these people wouldn’t have listened to Leng Wu Dao!
But now, Leng Wu Dao had been shot dead by Chen Ping with a single arrow, without even struggling!
Chen Ping looked at the Divine King’s Bow in his hand, not to mention how excited he was, it seemed that this Divine King’s Bow was more powerful than he had imagined!
Now that Chen Ping had the God King’s Bow, he still had the Dragon Tattooed Bell that he hadn’t used. If he could use the Dragon Tattooed Bell, then he wouldn’t be afraid of anyone!
“Mr. Chen, this divine bow of yours is too powerful.”
Liu Xing said with a face full of envy.
“It’s called the Divine King’s Bow, let alone a single Leng Wu Dao, even if all these guys from the Hidden Realm were to come together, I could easily kill them with the Divine King’s Bow in my hand.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, the faces of the Hidden Realm people turned extremely ugly, but no one dared to say anything, now that Leng Wu Dao was dead, Chen Ping’s strength was obvious to all of them, who would dare to be displeased with Chen Ping?
Moreover, Chen Ping had a Qu Yunchang by his side, as long as Qu Yunchang and Chen Ping joined forces, all of them would probably not be able to resist more than three moves, and they would all die here!
“Mr. Chen, you are only at the Sixth Grade Martial God realm now, but you directly killed Leng Wu Dao, it’s really incredible ……”
Even Qu Yunchang didn’t expect that Chen Ping would fight beyond his level and be so powerful!
“Sixth Grade Martial God?”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, and then the power of the Dao pattern all but exploded out!
Immediately afterwards, the entire valley was instantly filled with an invisible pressure!
The crowd noticed that the realm aura on Chen Ping’s body was growing at a rapid pace, as if he was riding a rocket!
“Seventh Grade Martial God ……”
“Eighth Grade Martial God ……”
“Peak Martial God ……”
…………
Soon, along with the explosive growth of the realm on Chen Ping, the aura in the valley became heavier and heavier!
Eventually all of them were pressed to the ground by this aura, even Qu Yunchang, an Eighth Grade Martial Emperor, could only look at Chen Ping in horror at this moment, pressed to the ground to death and unable to get up!
After an unknown amount of time, the terrifying pressure slowly began to dissipate, before the crowd took a breath and slowly got up!
Some of the disciples of the Hidden Realm were so weak that they were directly crushed to death by the pressure emanating from Chen Ping’s body, causing their internal organs to rupture!
Even Tong Ocean, Bao Yu Kun and the rest of the sect masters were all suffering from disordered breath and physical injuries!
At this moment, it was as if Chen Ping had been transformed into a new person, and his entire body had a crystal clear skin!
Now, even if Chen Ping didn’t use his Unbreakable Golden Body, an expert like Qu Yunchang wouldn’t be able to hurt him in the slightest!
“Mr. Chen, are you …… you reaching the realm of transformation?”
Qu Yunchang asked with a face full of incredulity.
Chen Ping did not speak, but clenched his fist tightly, and then with a vigorous swing ……
A radiant fist power shot up into the sky!
Immediately afterwards several blinding lights erupted, accompanied by a rumbling sound, Chen Ping’s fist, surprisingly, directly pierced through the valley, a pa*sage directly from the bottom of the abyss to the top of the secret realm ground!
Looking at this scene, everyone was dumbfounded, looking at Chen Ping as if he was looking at a monster!
But Chen Ping shook his head slightly “It’s still a bit short, but now even if there were a Transformation Realm expert, I wouldn’t be afraid in the slightest.”
Chen Ping was only at the peak of Martial Emperor, and had not yet reached the Realm of Transformation!
But with the Divine King Bow and the Dragon Tattooed Bell, two divine weapons, even if a Realm of Transformation came, Chen Ping had absolute confidence!
“This Dao Stripe Power is really good, that Yin Devil guy really didn’t lie to me ……”
Chen Ping was grateful to that Yin Devil in his heart!