“Chen Ping, don’t try anymore, don’t try anymore ……”
Su Yuqi persuaded Chen Ping, if he continued to try like this, Chen Ping would be back-shocked to death alive by the spell formation.
“Try again, try again ……”
Once again, Chen Ping’s hands gently touched the cell door, and the spell formation flickered and revealed itself!
This time, Chen Ping closed his eyes slightly and felt the operation of the spell formation with his heart!
Just like that, Chen Ping quietly felt it, and after a full ten minutes, Chen Ping snapped open his eyes, followed by a flash of golden light above his right fist.
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping took a fierce breath, and slammed his fist down!
Boom …………
This time, after a loud sound, the spell formation actually began to tremble under Chen Ping’s fist.
Seeing this, Chen Ping was overjoyed and didn’t dare to hesitate in the slightest as he swung his fist once more!
Boom, boom, boom …………
Chen Ping threw a dozen punches in a row, and Chen Ping’s entire fist was already drenched in blood!
After a dozen punches, the spell formation finally couldn’t take it anymore and collapsed with a bang.
Chen Ping hurriedly opened the cell door and rushed in to hug Su Yuqi!
The two of them were hugging each other tightly, as if no one was there!
Chen Ping could truly feel the warmth of Su Yuqi’s body, so he did not believe Zhou Jie’s claim that Su Yuqi was now nothing more than a reflection.
If it was an illusionary reflection, it wouldn’t feel so real!
Chen Ping followed Su Yuqi and hugged her for a long time, at this moment Chen Ping’s eyes were red, he had waited for this moment for too long, he had given too much for this moment ……
Gu Ling’er was also teary-eyed, following Su Yuqi as she hugged and talked, each seemingly having endless words to say.
Rumble …………
Suddenly, the ground shook and the whole dungeon began to shake as if it was about to collapse.
“The dungeon is going to collapse, hurry up and get out ……”
Zhou Jie said, and then quickly ran out of the dungeon!
The others hurriedly ran out after them.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was holding Su Yuqi’s hand for dear life, not daring to let go for a moment.
After they escaped from the dungeon, the dungeon behind them collapsed with a bang, and the false mountain fell down with it!
The collapse of the dungeon also signalled that the Martial Alliance would become a thing of the past!
Chen Ping looked at the collapsed dungeon and was filled with emotion!
“Miss Zhou, I hope that our cooperation can be based on trust and honesty, now that my girlfriend is here, whatever reflection you are talking about should be false, right?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Zhou Jie.
And Zhou Jie smiled lightly, “If you have anything to say after your girlfriend, just say it quickly, your girlfriend is now out of the spell, so she won’t be around for long.”
“What are you babbling about?”
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Jie angrily!
But at that moment, Su Yuqi suddenly shrieked!
“My feet, my feet …………”
Su Yuqi looked at her feet and shrieked loudly.
Because at this moment, Su Yuqi’s feet were slowly disappearing!
When Chen Ping saw this scene, he was instantly dumbfounded, and everyone else was also in shock!
Only Zhou Jie had a calm face, as if she had already known this outcome.
Surprisingly, Su Yuqi was slowly disappearing, and Chen Ping was desperately pulling Su Yuqi’s hand!
He desperately poured his spiritual energy into Su Yuqi’s body, but it was useless, he could not stop Su Yuqi’s body from slowly disappearing at all.
“No, I won’t let you leave again, I can’t ……”
Chen Ping grabbed Su Yuqi’s hand with a deadly grip, and all the breath in his body gave out.
With a forceful swing, Chen Ping fought with all his might and opened up a new space out.
This was the so-called secret realm, except that Chen Ping was not strong enough, and this was opened up in his extremely frantic state.
Only this space did not stay for long before it disappeared!
Seeing that he could not stop Su Yuqi’s disappearance at all, Chen Ping turned his gaze towards Zhou Jie.