“Let’s go in!”
The Thunder Beast also stated that he wanted to go in, so Chen Ping could only bring the crowd along!
The crowd walked up to the tower door, and on top of it, a yellow talisman was affixed to it, obviously sealing it!
Seeing this, Chen Ping pinched his fingers, accompanied by a white light that crossed from between his fingers, instantly heading straight for the talisman!
Boom!
In an instant, the talisman rose up in a burst of flame, followed by the tower door slowly opening on its own!
Chen Ping, who had regained his strength, ordinary seals were not difficult for him at all!
Lin Keting looked at Chen Ping in that manner, and her eyes actually flashed with admiration!
She was a Mahayana realm cultivator, but at this moment, she had begun to worship Chen Ping, a cultivator of the seventh level of the Ferrying realm!
If she were to put it aside in the past, there was no way that she would have worshipped a small cultivator of the Transitional Apparition Realm to death!
However, right now, Lin Keting was worshipping Chen Ping.
She suddenly felt that Chen Ping, a Ferrying Realm cultivator, was able to give her a sufficient sense of security!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping took the lead and stepped inside!
The others also followed behind Chen Ping and walked into the tower!
No one knew what exactly was inside this tower, whether it would be dangerous or not, everything was unknown!
It was this unknown existence that made everyone nervous!
Chen Ping also had a grave expression on his face and was very tense!
Everyone in the four corners of the room held their breath and stared, their hearts thumping.
After entering the tower, a nauseating smell of decay came over them, and the entire tower looked very empty, with the ground covered in white bones!
It seemed that this tower had experienced battles as well, and many and all had died here!
Chen Ping snapped his fingers and a ball of flame came out of thin air!
This time, the tower was instantly illuminated brightly, and the crowd looked at the white bones on the ground, and for a moment, they were a little stunned!
This was because some of these white bones had not completely decayed and still had blood and flesh on them, which was why they had a rotting smell!
Seeing this scene, it startled Lin Keting and also Zhu Qingxiu, who instinctively hid behind Chen Ping!
This scene was really scary, if it was a dead person, they were not afraid, after all, who had not killed anyone!
If it was white bones, they weren’t afraid either, after all, they had seen a lot of dead bones!
But this kind of half rotted corpse, it was the first time they had seen it, it was just too scary!
“Mr Chen, why are there fresh corpses here? It stands to reason that the Divine and Demonic Battlefield has existed for thousands of years, and any withered bones have become powder, so how could there still be one like this?”
Ji Yun was very confused!
“I haven’t seen anyone come to this place either ah, how could there be such corpses?”
Thunder Beast was also very curious!
“Everyone, be careful and walk forward slowly!”
Chen Ping exhorted, then with a flick of his palm, a shield appeared around the crowd, surrounding them, which also isolated the sickening odour!
“Chen Ping, look at what is that?”
After taking a few steps, Lin Keting hurriedly patted Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked in the direction of Lin Keting’s finger and found that a corpse was actually holding a jade slip in its hand.
Chen Ping walked over and picked up the jade slip, there was still aura lingering on top of the slip, obviously it was not particularly long ago!
A divine sense penetrated into the jade slip, and Chen Ping was instantly bewildered!
This was because he found that he did not recognise any of the things recorded in that jade slip!
“What is this thing recording? I don’t recognise any of the words inside.”
Chen Ping said with some surprise!
“Fellow Daoist, let me take a look ……”
The Thunder Beast said towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping handed the jade slip over to the Thunder Beast, and after the Thunder Beast looked at it, the entire person was also dumbfounded, his brows slightly furrowed as he said, “This is really strange, this doesn’t seem to be the civilisation of the Celestial Realm.”
“Let me take a look ……”
Upon hearing this, Lin Keting immediately became interested and also took the jade slip over!