“Tong Youcai, my master has said that Mr. Chen is not an evil cultivator.”
Liu Rui saw this and hurriedly explained.
“If I say he is, he is, don’t you dare to sophistry.”
Tong Youcai didn’t even listen to Liu Rui’s explanation!
Liu Rui wanted to say something else, but was stopped by Chen Ping: “Don’t talk to him, if you want to add guilt, you can’t say anything, he wants to avenge his brother, let’s see if he has that ability.”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he also flipped his palm and the Dragon Chopping Sword appeared in his hand, brilliant golden light flashed on the Dragon Chopping Sword!
“Haha, you are but a small Martial Saint, and you dare to say such big words, even my brother was careless and was actually injured by you, today I will let you know the difference between a Martial Saint and a Martial God!”
Tong Youcai laughed as his long sword pointed at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked coldly at Tong Youcai, the corners of his mouth rising slightly, revealing an expression of disdain.
“Three moves, if you can force me to use the fourth move, I will let you take it away ……”
Chen Ping sneered.
When the crowd heard Chen Ping’s words, there was an uproar!
“Where did this kid come from? How can a little Martial Saint be so arrogant?”
“I heard he’s from the Kyoto Martial Arts Community, just a frog at the bottom of the well, how would he know the power of a Martial God!”
“We can only blame that Tong Youkong, being at the Martial God realm, but he was careless and was injured by this kid, causing this kid to be arrogant now and look down on Martial Gods.”
The elders of several great sects exchanged words, but all of them scoffed at Chen Ping’s words!
The difference between a Martial Saint and a Martial God was not a star and a half, for a Martial God to crush a Martial Saint would be no different from crushing an ant!
“You’re too wild ……”
Tong Youcai shouted angrily as his aura exploded!
The long sword in his hand even emitted a sharp edge!
Tong Youcai’s figure was as fast as lightning, instantly slashing out several sharp daggers, heading straight for Chen Ping!
Each blade contained the power to destroy the heavens and the earth, even a huge rock could be split into powder in an instant!
Seeing this, Liu Rui looked a little worried, after all, Chen Ping had just recovered, how could he face such sharp moves from Tong Youcai!
At the beginning, Chen Ping had to fight to the death before he let that Tong Youcai get injured, now when Tong Youcai strikes, it’s a killing move, Liu Rui didn’t know if Chen Ping could withstand it!
Liu Rui had some help, but with her strength, she was afraid that she wouldn’t be able to block it at all!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly glued, looking at Tong Youcai’s move, it was a killing move, obviously he wanted to take down his enemy in one move!
Chen Ping’s invincible golden body activated, and a brilliant golden light emanated from Chen Ping’s entire body.
Immediately afterwards, the Zeng Long Sword in his hand followed suit, swinging out countless sword qi in an instant and directly meeting him!
A huge sound erupted as the blade and the sword qi collided together!
The energy scattered like a tornado and swept in all directions!
Everyone around them emitted their aura, forming a barrier to block the energy from spreading out!
As the smoke and dust cleared, Chen Ping stood still with his Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, not moving a muscle!
Looking at Chen Ping in front of him, Tong Youcai felt his face burning hot!
He was a Martial God, and when he faced Chen Ping, a Martial Saint, he had fought hard with his sword, but he hadn’t been hurt in the slightest!
It was so humiliating to have so many sect elders watching!
When the others saw that Chen Ping hadn’t moved a muscle and was unhurt, they couldn’t help but look surprised!
“It seems that this kid really has some skills, no wonder he is so arrogant ……”
That Elder Pei said in a small voice.
And that Uncle Wang behind Tong Youcai had a grave expression on his face, his brow slightly furrowed, his eyes staring deadly at Chen Ping!
“Too weak, this slash of yours is far worse than your brother’s ……”
Chen Ping said with a smirk of sarcasm.
Tong Youcai was furious, he was most annoyed when someone said he was inferior to Tong Youkong.