The green-clothed man gritted his teeth in anger, but there was nothing he could do!
“Soul Demon Sect? I didn’t realise that the Soul Demon Sect’s demonic cultivators were still alive in the world?”
Ochre Yan exclaimed when he heard that the man and woman in green were from the Soul Demon Sect!
“Ochre Yan, what kind of sect is this Soul Demon Sect? Is it good or bad?”
Chen Ping asked to Ochre Yan!
Since Ochre Yan was so surprised, he must know about this Soul Demon Sect!
“Mr Chen, this Soul Demon Sect are also all demonic cultivators, only that this demonic cultivation sect of theirs is not the same as the other demonic cultivators, their sect is very deep in the study of souls, and these Soul Demon Sect people, they all like to attack each other’s souls, and that peculiar aura just now, it should have been the Soul Demon Sect’s people who did it.”
“This Soul Demon Sect as for good or bad, there is no way to qualify, rumour has it that this Soul Demon Sect’s old ancestor, used to be a king of a country in the secular realm, and then once again in a battle between countries, the 100,000 generals that he brought with him all died in the battlefield.”
“Only the king of this country himself was still alive, but he fell into deep remorse, and so spent his days sitting beside the corpses of 100,000 generals to supersede the deaths of his own generals.”
“The souls of these generals after their deaths were unwilling to leave, and still followed this king of a country, and slowly this king of a country made use of these 100,000 souls to step into the cultivation path, and created the Soul Demon Sect, which is mainly about the study of souls.”
“It is because of this Soul Demon Sect’s alternative way of cultivation, not accepted by the masses of demonic cultivators, so it is often ostracised, after the God-Demon War, the demonic race suffered, the Soul Demon Sect was even more unpopular, and finally disappeared into obscurity.”
“They all thought that the Soul Demon Sect had gone extinct, but they didn’t expect to hide in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain anymore.”
“The Soul Demon Sect didn’t do anything to harm the heavens, they all used the souls of the dead, and wouldn’t easily take the souls of the living, but after all, using other people’s souls to cultivate isn’t something honourable, so whether the Soul Demon Sect is good or bad, I can’t say for sure.”
In this way, he gave Chen Ping the origin of the Soul Demon Sect!
“Then the other few people, do you know what sect they are from?”
Chen Ping asked!
“I don’t know, probably some loose cultivators, but those who walk in the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain are probably not good things.”
Ochre Yan said!
“Then what is the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng they are talking about? Is it very precious?”
Chen Ping continued to ask!
“This …………” Ochre Yan was a bit speechless “Mr Chen, I can still know some things about some demon races, if you ask about the Heavenly Demon Mountain, I don’t know, after all, I haven’t stayed in the Heavenly Demon Mountain again either.”
“But by the looks of it, this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng should be a very precious Immortal Herb, otherwise it wouldn’t have been snatched.”
Chen Ping was not talking and stared closely at the scene!
Of the five people in this one-eyed man, only the one-eyed man was at the sixth rank of the Transitional Realm, while the others were all at the fifth rank of the Transitional Realm cultivation!
With this kind of cultivation, Chen Ping was still able to handle it alone!
Right at this moment, the woman in green clothes opened her mouth and said “I will give you the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, can you let us both go?”
The woman in green took the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng and intended to hand it over to the one-eyed man!
“Senior sister, you absolutely cannot hand over the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, this is what saved Master’s life, if you hand it over, Master will be hopeless!”
The man in green hurriedly blocked it!
“Senior brother, if we don’t hand it over, the two of us are also hopeless, this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng can’t be saved, I believe that if Master knows about it, he won’t blame us.”
The green-clothed woman said, opened the wooden box, and surprisingly took out a mountain ginseng that looked like a dragon from inside!
The moment this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was taken out, Chen Ping felt a wave of immortal aura come over him!
Within this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, it unexpectedly contained a large amount of Immortal Qi, and from this, it could also be deduced that where the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was growing, there should be a Heavenly Realm Meteorite that nourished the growth of the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!