Watanabe Fumio took one look at the corpses on the ground and obviously just stared, obviously he didn’t know that all these people were dead!
Watanabe Fumio carefully observed the change in his brother’s expression, his face tinged with a bit of coldness!
“Brother, did you find out the identity of these people? Who was so bold as to make a move on Yumiko?”
Watanabe Fumikishi asked, pretending to be furious.
“These people have all had their identities erased, so I can’t find out, but whoever is behind this, I will definitely find him out.”
Watanabe Fumio said in an icy voice.
That Watanabe Fumikishi, on the other hand, his eyes dodged and he nodded his head, “Yes, we must find out, since Yumiko is fine, then I am relieved, I will leave brother alone ……”
Watanabe Fumio finished speaking and left with his own son.
Just after walking out of Watanabe Fumio’s house, Watanabe Fumishi yelled towards his son, Watanabe Taro, “b*****d, what the hell is wrong with you, what kind of people did you find? It’s just a bunch of trash.”
Watanabe Taro could only keep his head down as he was scolded. He couldn’t understand why he had sent so many people, but in the end he had failed to capture Yumiko and had been killed instead!
Yumiko’s strength, he still knew very well, couldn’t do that at all!
“Dad, maybe Yumiko’s surrounded by experts to protect her, otherwise it wouldn’t be like this.”
Watanabe Taro explained.
“You mean, that Watanabe Fumio has been wary and has sent an expert to Yumiko?”
Watanabe Fumio’s eyes narrowed slightly.
“Yes, it must have been noticed, so we need to pick up the pace ……”
Watanabe Taro nodded.
Watanabe Fumikishi pondered for a moment, then said, “You go and get Kawaguchi Ichio, I need to discuss this matter with him in the meantime.”
Watanabe Taro then left to invite Kawaguchi Ichio, while Watanabe Fumikishi turned his head to look at Watanabe Fumio’s villa and said with sharp eyes, “Just wait, sooner or later I will live here ……”
…………
Xijing, a slightly outdated tavern!
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu and sat at a table, while in front of them, sat an old man with a drunken look, holding a wine jug in his hand, constantly pouring wine in his mouth!
Chen Ping looked at the old man and said with a helpless expression, “Master Hu, this is your old friend?”
Pocky Hu nodded, “Yes, that’s him!”
“Just like him, rotten and drunk and addicted to alcohol, you’re telling me he’s strong and even surpa*ses you?”
“One of you two is lustful and the other is greedy for wine, you are really a pair of good friends!”
Chen Ping laughed bitterly!
Hu Ma Zi also looked embarra*sed and stepped forward to snatch the old man’s wine jug and said, “Old Fan, have you always been drinking like this after spending so many years in the island?”
Old Fan raised his eyelids and smiled slightly, “Life is short, what’s wrong with drinking for fun?”
After saying that, he saw that Old Fan gently sucked, and the wine jug that was originally in Hu Ma Zi’s hand, the wine inside was actually sucked directly into Old Fan’s mouth at this moment!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping then understood that Pocky Hu was indeed not lying, this Old Fan was very strong!
Because in that scene just now, Chen Ping did not feel the slightest fluctuation of aura in Old Fan’s body, not the slightest breath!
But the wine inside that jug could run out on its own and be sucked into Old Fan’s mouth!
When the jug of wine was finished, Old Fan wiped his mouth in satisfaction and said to Hu Pazzi, “Old Hu, forget the money for the wine ……”
When Hu Ma Zi heard this, he blew his beard and glared, “I came all the way to the island to find you, even if you don’t entertain me, you still let me pay for your wine ……”
“I’ll do it ……” Chen Ping got up, ready to go to the checkout!
When Old Fan took a look, he smiled heatedly, “That’s really thanks, since you’re here, I’ll have an extra pot of wine ……”