After arranging everything, Chen Ping found Ge Fuhai and then headed to the Dragon Gate Secret Realm together!
After entering the Dragon Sect Secret Realm and finding Ge Cansheng, Chen Ping told him the reason for his visit!
“Mr. Chen, this meridian and bones are all shattered, so it’s really not easy to do!”
After hearing this, Ge Cansheng also frowned slightly and said.
“Clan Elder Ge, is there no cure even in the secret realm?”
“Didn’t you say that there are many immortal cultivation experts in the secret realm, aren’t there any powerful medicine masters or something like that?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, according to him, there should be very powerful pill masters in the secret realm!
“Mr. Chen, although there are all immortal cultivators in the secret realm, they are all human beings, where are the real immortals.”
“In a case like this where all the tendons and bones are shattered, I’m afraid that even if a Da Luo Golden Immortal came, it wouldn’t be good enough to cure it, it would almost require reshaping the flesh.”
“Right now, not only our Dragon Sect Secret Realm, but even in other secret realms, there is probably no one who can reshape someone’s flesh for them!”
Ge Cansheng shook his head and said.
“Is there no way at all?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and a sad look showed on his face!
If Long Xingxu and Pocky Hu could only spend the rest of their lives in bed, Chen Ping would feel guilty for a generation!
“It’s not that there is no solution at all, I heard that there is a divine spring in the secular world called the Regeneration Spring, if you can soak in the spring for seven days, you can shape your bones and rebuild your flesh! ”
“It’s just that we in the Secret Realm can’t stay in the Secular Realm for long, so I haven’t seen that Regeneration Spring either, and I don’t know if that Regeneration Spring still exists ……”
Ge Cang Sheng said to Chen Ping.
“Regeneration Spring?” Chen Ping pondered, realizing that he had never heard of this name at all either!
It was then that Chen Ping realised that there was far more than he knew about what existed in the Martial Dao Realm!
“Clan Elder Ge, then do you know about the Kuchan Temple?” Chen Ping asked to Ge Cansheng.
Ge Cansheng shook his head, “It should be from the secular world, I’m not really sure.”
“Mr. Chen, have you encountered any difficulties in the secular world? If you are in trouble, you can ask my little daughter to help you out of the secret realm!”
Chen Ping waved his hand and said, “No need, with my current strength, no one in the martial world can be an adversary, after all, those who cultivate martial arts have lesser means than us immortal cultivators!”
Chen Ping knew that if he went to the secular world from the secret realm, it would be alright for a short period of time, but if he stayed in the secular world for a long period of time, it would cause his strength to stagnate, or even risk regression, so Chen Ping did not want Ge Yuhan to risk going to the secular world!
Besides, Chen Ping had no fear of Shi Qingpei’s father and son, if he wanted to kill the two, it would only be a matter of lifting his hand!
“Mr. Chen, you are wrong, in fact, different paths lead to the same thing, whether you are a martial artist or an immortal cultivator, the ultimate goal is still to ascend to immortality, it is all the same.”
“There are also experts among martial artists, and there are even legends of martial cultivators soaring to immortality, only that compared to immortal cultivators, the path to immortality for martial cultivators is even more thorny ……”
Ge Cansheng said slowly.
He had always thought that his strength was invincible in the martial arts world.
“Clan Elder Ge, could it be that there are still experts above Martial Gods in the Martial Dao world?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise.
Chen Ping had never known much about the Martial Dao world, he had started to think that Martial Saints were the ceiling of the Martial Dao world!
But since he had gone to the island and encountered a few Martial God spirits, Chen Ping had realized that above Martial Saints were Martial Gods!
But looking at Ge Cang Sheng’s meaning, it seemed like Martial Gods weren’t the ceiling of the Martial Dao world either ……
“Mr. Chen, above Martial Gods there are Martial Emperors, and above Martial Emperors there are Realms of Transformation …………”
“When a martial artist cultivates above the Realm of Transformation, he or she is undoubtedly the same as us immortal cultivators, and also needs the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to cultivate and metamorphose into an immortal cultivator, working towards the path of ascending to immortality!”
Ge Cang Sheng explained.