“Ai, it seems that this puppet is really not as good as a puppet corpse, no wonder those demonic cultivators refined puppet corpses and no one learnt to refine puppets.”
Chen Ping sighed, feeling happy for nothing!
Looking at the refined puppet in front of him, this couldn’t be thrown away, could it?
Just as Chen Ping was frustrated, he suddenly put his eyes on that Supreme Fire Essence!
This thing possessed several types of Supreme Flame within it, and the energy contained within was naturally needless to say!
“What are you going to do? You don’t want to take the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign’s Supreme Fire Essence Spirit and use it as an energy driver to embed it into this puppet, do you?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch noticed that Chen Ping’s gaze was not right and asked!
“No?”
Chen Ping asked in return!
“F*ck, are you crazy? That’s the Fire Spirit Star Monarch’s Supreme Fire Essence, it’s considered a treasure of the Heavenly Realm, how dare you use it on a puppet?”
“If this is known to the Fire Spirit Star Lord, what would he think?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“I know this thing is very powerful, only then is this puppet of mine powerful ah, this if I put on the Supreme Fire Essence, this puppet of mine can reach the Mahayana realm, then wouldn’t I have a Mahayana realm bodyguard.”
“And it’s not like this Supreme Fire Essence Spirit is disappearing, it’s just being used on that puppet, it can still be taken down when the time comes.”
As Chen Ping said that, he dived that Supreme Fire Essence Spirit into the puppet’s body!
In an instant, a terrifying aura spread out in all directions, and the entire airship trembled, leaving the many cultivators in a daze, not knowing what was happening!
And within the puppet’s eyes, flames rose up, even its body was burning with flames, and the flames were constantly changing!
Chen Ping felt the aura on the puppet’s body, and he was also a little excited inside, but he didn’t know right now, what the strength of this puppet was!
“Give me a punch to see ……”
Chen Ping ordered the puppet to throw a punch so that he could take a good look!
“Don’t, don’t …………”
Seeing this, the Red Cloud Demon Lord hurriedly shouted!
Unfortunately, it was already too late, only to see the puppet slamming out with a punch!
A ball of flame instantly ignited and directly punched a large hole in the blimp!
The airship shook and howling winds kept pouring in through the broken hole!
This startled Chen Ping, he did not expect this puppet’s punch to be so powerful!
Miscalculated!
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”
At this time, Elder Sun came over and loudly inquired outside!
“Oh, nothing, I was careless in my practice and broke the blimp.”
Chen Ping hurriedly put away his puppet, then opened the door to the room!
The gusty wind whistled, and Elder Sun was staggered as he looked at the broken blimp!
One must know that this blimp was made of various materials, it was sturdy and there were formations all around the blimp, just to prevent someone from hijacking the blimp and causing damage!
Then the reputation of Wan Tong Pavilion can be affected, who will still sit in the Wan Tong Pavilion’s airship ah!
Now, he didn’t want to be hit by Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, it’s good that you’re alright, when we land, I’ll have someone repair the airship!”
Elder Sun said!
Chen Ping looked embarrassed, and could only use the formation first, to temporarily seal the hole, so as not to let the flight of the blimp be affected!
In this way, the blimp broke a large hole and flew shakily to land at the headquarters of the Wan Tong Pavilion!
Chen Ping apologised with a face full of guilt and took the initiative to compensate a sum of money!
Although Elder Sun tried his best to shrug it off, Chen Ping still gave the money!
After all, this airship had caused its own destruction and could not just walk away!
After bidding farewell to Elder Sun, Chen Ping left the Wantong Pavilion.
Originally, Chen Ping thought of returning directly to the Blood Spirit Valley, but when he thought of passing by the Soul Demon Sect on the way, he planned to go to the Soul Demon Sect first!
If possible, gather the Soul Demon Sect together and ask for their help to go to Guanghan Palace together to defend against that Mu Family’s attack!
There was another thing that Chen Ping wanted to ask if that Patriarch Chen of the five great sects had gone to the Soul Demon Sect to reshape his physical body!
Then there was to see if Ochre Yan, this fellow, was living a good life!