“I …… can hand over a strand of my life soul to you so that I am held back.”
Elder Fei said!
But Chen Ping shook his head “You’re a Transition Realm Sixth Grade Great Cultivator, even if you hand over a strand of your life soul, it won’t be able to control you, at that time, even if I crush your life soul, you’ll only have your cultivation damaged, and your life won’t be in danger at all.”
“What …… about that?” Elder Fei did not expect this guy Chen Ping to be so suspicious!
Chen Ping pulled out an orange coloured pill from his body and then threw it to Elder Fei, “This is a poison, only I can configure the antidote myself, now that you have eaten it, I can let you go.”
Elder Fei took the poison in his hand and threw it into his mouth without hesitation.
Right now, no matter what poison it was, he had to save his life first!
Seeing that Elder Fei ate the poison without hesitation, Chen Ping then smiled and said “Do you think this poison is fake?”
“No, no, anyway, I’ve already made up my mind to work with Mr Chen, so there’s nothing to hesitate about.”
Elder Fei hastily shook his head!
“Alright, you can go now ……”
Chen Ping said!
Elder Fei froze “I can really leave.”
“Really!” Chen Ping nodded!
Elder Fei got up and then walked towards the outside of the City Lord’s Mansion, there was no one to chase after him!
When walking out of the City Lord’s Mansion, Elder Fei’s eyes instantly became incredibly sharp!
Immediately after, with a few long leaps, he left Meteor Sun City!
“Mr Chen, you really let that demonic cultivator go, these people are people who do not honour their words ah.”
Cai Hongwei saw that Chen Ping really let Elder Fei go, so he asked in disbelief!
“It’s alright, since I dared to let him go, I have my own plans!” Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“What about the Demon Sealing Alliance following this demonic cultivator? Why would someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance be chasing after you?”
City Lord Sun looked at Chen Ping with a puzzled expression.
Chen Ping then briefly told him about the grudge he had followed the Demon Sealing Alliance, of course giving away the secrets of the Demon Sealing Alliance as well!
Upon hearing this, City Lord Sun was instantly surprised “I didn’t think that this Demon Sealing Alliance was actually colluding with demonic cultivators, everyone has been cheated for so many years.”
“Luckily I don’t have a rudder of that Demon Sealing Alliance in this Meteor Sun City, otherwise I would have directly exterminated him.”
“City Lord Sun, now that Miss Sun has been cured, it is time for me to take my leave.”
Chen Ping intended to leave the City Lord’s Mansion and go to Old Jia’s place to absorb the Immortal Qi as soon as possible!
“Apothecary Chen, you saved your daughter, so feel free to mention any conditions, or if you want spirit coins, you can ask for as much as you need.”
City Lord Sun said generously!
“I don’t need anything, as I said, I saved your daughter, it was just an exchange that I made after Senior Jia.”
“What I need, Elder Jia has already given me.”
Chen Ping finished and looked at old Jia, “Senior Jia, we’d better go back ……”
“Go!” Old Jia nodded!
When he returned to Old Jia’s place, Old Jia did not hesitate to lift the formation around that Immortal Tree!
The formation came into contact, and instantly a wave of immortal aura hit his face!
“This tree belongs to you ……”
Old Jia was not heartbroken, after all, compared to following Sun Xiaoyun, what was an immortal tree!
Chen Ping didn’t have any nonsense, he directly sat down under the tree with his knees crossed and began to cultivate!
Seeing this, the crowd rushed out of the backyard and then locked the door!
And Cai Hongwei gathered the crowd together and began to divide the work to protect Chen Ping!
Although Chen Ping was only a Harmonisation realm, the crowd had all seen Chen Ping’s performance along the way!
A dragon and phoenix amongst people like Chen Ping was really rare, and everyone was confident that following Chen Ping’s team to the Heavenly Demon Mountain this time would definitely be rewarding!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was absorbing the Immortal Qi, and the Heart Concentration Skill in his body was constantly running!
From day to night, Chen Ping sat under the tree for two whole days and two nights!