“Senior brother, wait a moment ……”
Seeing Luo Shouhai about to leave, Cheng Jinghui hurriedly chased after him!
“What do you want?”
Luo Shouhai looked at Cheng Jinghui warily!
“Senior brother, it’s not easy for you to come to my place, how can you do something before you leave.”
“I also happen to have some things to discuss with you!”
Cheng Jinghui pulled Luo Shouhai to sit down!
“What are you looking for me for?”
Luo Shouhai kept a stern face!
Even if the Blood Spirit Valley thing wasn’t done by Cheng Jinghui, Luo Shouhai wouldn’t give Cheng Jinghui a good face!
“Senior brother, I’ve heard that the guy called Chen Ping seems to be in your Blood Spirit Valley, right?”
“And it seems like he’s been following senior brother all this time.”
Cheng Jing would ask Luo Shouhai!
Luo Shouhai looked at Cheng Jinghui warily and said “What are you asking Chen for?”
“Senior brother, haven’t you heard some rumours?”
Cheng Jinghui said!
“What kind of rumours?” Luo Shouhai knew what Cheng Jinghui meant, but pretended not to know and asked!
“The Demon Sealing Alliance has come down with a kill order, they are hunting down this Chen Ping, and whoever can kill Chen Ping or capture him and hand him over to the Demon Sealing Alliance can receive a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Do you know how huge a resource a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance is? If we are able to obtain this resource, you will be able to rebuild the Blood Spirit Valley by then, and it will be many times stronger than it is now!”
Cheng Jing would whisper to Luo Shouhai!
“Hmph, just with you you dare to think ill of Mr Chen, you don’t even look at what kind of a thing you are.”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder who was listening on the side saw that Cheng Jinghui also wanted to lay his hands on Chen Ping, he immediately snorted coldly and said!
Cheng Jinghui was only an eighth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, and the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder was not afraid in the slightest.
Cheng Jinghui was startled by a cold hum from the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, after all, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s reputation in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain was not something to be blown off!
“Ghost Old Man, don’t you want to get a hundred years of offerings from that Demon Sealing Alliance? With this batch of resources, a few of us one point, when the time comes to break through the Transitional Plateau Realm and glory in the realm of the Mahayana, it’s also a very easy thing to do ah!”
Cheng Jing would be tempting the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder!
After all, there was no cultivator that could withstand the temptation of the realm!
“I pooh, not to mention ascending to the Mahayana, even if I were to be allowed to ascend to Immortality, there’s no way I’d be able to deal with Mr Chen.”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder spat viciously!
Seeing this, Cheng Jing would not pay any attention to the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, as long as Luo Shouhai agreed, this matter would be considered a success, if the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man didn’t agree, what could he do?
Could it be that he, alone, could not deal with the two of them, the eighth grade cultivators of the Transition Realm?
“Senior brother, I don’t think you would be that pedantic, right? This is a hundred year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the opportunity will never come again!”
Cheng Jing would stare at Luo Shouhai dead on, as if he wanted to see through Luo Shouhai’s heart!
He was still unaware that Chen Ping was beside him at the moment, looking at him with a cold smile on his face!
“Let me tell you, not to mention a hundred year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, even if it was a thousand year offering, there is no way I would betray Mr Chen.”
“I also advise you not to hit on Mr Chen’s idea, otherwise don’t blame me for turning the tables.”
Luo Shouhai glared viciously at Cheng Jinghui before getting up and heading out!
Cheng Jinghui did not expect Luo Shouhai to reject so dryly and froze for a moment!
“Valley Master Luo, wait a moment ……”
At this time, Chen Ping spoke up!
Luo Shouhai froze, then asked “Chen …… Cheng, is there something wrong?”
Luo Shouhai just wanted to shout Chen Ping, remembered that Chen Ping had changed his appearance and identity, so he hurriedly changed his words!
“I have something that I want you all to enjoy ……”
Chen Ping said and took out the clock!
Cheng Jinghui looked at the clock in Chen Ping’s hand, his eyes filled with doubt!
Luo Shouhai also came over and looked with a face full of puzzlement!