In fact, Chen Ping did not know this, but this Zhu Hao was a stickler, no one else opened their mouths to fight for the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, but he kept shouting!
“Sir Zhu, this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu is not a masterless object, he is on the boundary of South Lake City, then it belongs to my Zheng family, and as the Lord of South Lake City, I have the qualification to distribute the resources of the entire South Lake City.”
At this moment, Zheng Anguo stood out and said to Zhu Hao.
Zhu Hao looked at Zheng Anguo and then coldly snorted, “Zheng Anguo, are you sick in the head? With your little Zheng family, how dare you say such things?”
“Even if the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu belongs to your Zheng family, how about it? I’m telling you now, I’ll take this Ten Thousand-Year He Shou Wu, what can you do?”
“If you don’t want the Zheng family to be destroyed, don’t get involved in this mess!”
Zhu Hao couldn’t even see the Zheng Family, although the Zheng Family also possessed a Great Martial Marquis, in Zhu Hao’s eyes, it was still a small and unworthy family!
One must know that behind the Zhu Family were those worldly clans in the Secret Realm, not something that these clans and worldly families in the secular world could compare to.
“Zhu Hao, you are too arrogant, our Zheng family is not made of clay.”
Zheng Anguo was all in a rage, while several Great Martial Marquises of the Zheng Family stepped forward, their terrifying aura emanating out, with a dozen Martial Marquises behind them, watching intently!
“Zheng Anguo, do you mean to follow that Chen Ping and stand together?”
Zhu Hao’s eyes faintly stared and said.
“Not bad, I will help Mr. Chen this time, even if I have to fight to the death of the Zheng family!”
Zheng Anguo said with a determined face.
But he was also gambling, right now, it was obvious that Zhu Hao’s strength was quite a bit greater than Chen Ping’s, but Zheng An Guo knew that Chen Ping’s true strength might be much stronger than what he saw!
“Since you’re helping that Chen Ping, don’t blame me for not being polite!”
Zhu Hao gave a wink, and a Great Martial Marquis beside him instantly leapt up and headed straight for that Zheng Anguo!
Zheng Anguo was a Grand Martial Marquis himself, so he was not the least bit afraid in the face of the attack, and quickly clenched his fist and smashed out with a bang!
Boom!
The moment the fists collided, a terrifyingly powerful Qi spread out from all around!
A large crater several metres in diameter appeared on the ground, showing that both of them had used all their strength.
Zheng An Guo’s body rolled in the air before landing on the ground and retreating several steps backwards!
It was obvious that Zheng An Guo was still a bit inferior to his opponent!
The opponent, who had knocked Zheng An Guo back, did not relent and struck again, a punch going straight for Zheng An Guo’s face.
This was intended to be a killing blow.
Seeing this, Zheng An Guo reached out to his waist and a Xuan Hua axe appeared in his hand!
The Xuan Hua Axe flickered with an eerie cold glow as a stream of Martial Saint Qi began to spread!
“Martial Saint Weapon ……”
Seeing the Xuan Hua Axe in Zheng Anguo’s hand, everyone couldn’t help but suck in a cold breath!
And that attacking Zhu Clan expert, after seeing the Martial Saint Weapon in Zheng Anguo’s hand, his body stopped sharply, a hint of shock in his eyes!
“Go to hell ……”
Zheng Anguo shouted angrily, and the Xuanhua Axe in his hand slashed diagonally upwards!
A ray of light shot up into the sky, a gale of wind was blowing, and the terrifying force was heading straight for that Zhu family expert!
The Zhu Clan expert was so shocked that he retreated rapidly, but it was already too late, his body instantly pierced through the light!
The crowd saw that the Zhu Clan expert in mid-air, whose body was pierced by the light, immediately underwent a violent surge!
Boom!
That Zhu Clan expert’s body was directly exploded into powder as a mist of blood descended from the sky!
When Zhu Hao saw this, his face couldn’t have been more ugly!
How could he have ever thought that a small Zheng Clan would have a Martial Saint Weapon!
One should know that those big clan families in Kyoto might not even have a Martial Saint Artifact.
“Could it be that this Zheng Family is also a hidden family, a spokesperson family of some secret realm?”
Zhu Hao’s brow furrowed!