With a fierce double palm strike, two black balls of light slammed directly towards Chen Ping!
Boom …………
The two terrifying forces instantly collided into each other, followed by an earth-shattering sound!
The huge shockwave caused many of the houses in the Martial Alliance to begin to tilt and collapse!
The surrounding residential areas also turned on their lights to see what had happened!
Under this collision, Chen Ping’s figure was knocked back and his feet left a deep furrow in the ground.
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body dimmed considerably and blood began to form at the corners of his mouth, but Chen Ping paid no attention to it and charged towards Guo Wei again in a desperate attempt.
Guo Wei was no better, his body swayed twice and his face turned pale!
Seeing that Chen Ping was charging forward again, Guo Wei’s brow finally furrowed.
Seeing that Chen Ping was in front of him, before Guo Wei could make a move, Zhu Zhishan slapped out his palm!
Chen Ping’s body, which was flashing with golden light, was directly sent flying by Zhu Zhishan’s palm.
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body came to a halt only when it smashed hard against a wall.
This slap from Zhu Zhishan made Chen Ping’s internal organs feel as if they were twisted by a knife, and his eyes were filled with fresh blood.
Even so, Chen Ping gritted his teeth and still stood up, staring angrily at Guo Wei and Zhu Zhishan!
“Chen Ping, don’t think that just because you have Mr. Shi behind you, I don’t dare to kill you, you are the first one who dares to come to the Martial Alliance to cause trouble, you said that Councilor Guo has captured your girlfriend, do you have any proof? Without proof you come here to make trouble, even if I kill you, Mr. Shi can’t say anything ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a gloomy face.
Chen Ping stared at the two angrily, but his mind was much clearer at the moment.
Although he suspected that Guo Wei had taken Su Yuqi, there was no proof, just his own speculation!
If he continued to make trouble now, he might really lose his life here, after all, his own strength was still too far behind the other party!
“If I find evidence that it was your Martial Alliance that captured Yu Qi, I will definitely make the Martial Alliance disappear completely ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and simply turned around to leave!
When Guo Wei saw how rampant Chen Ping was, he wanted to chase after him and clean him up, but he was stopped by Zhu Zhishan!
“Alliance Master, this guy is too wild, why don’t you take this opportunity and just kill him, even if Mr. Shi blames him, we still have something to say!”
Guo Wei asked in a very puzzled manner.
“Don’t worry, someone will clean him up.”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping’s back and said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised.
………………
Chen Ping dragged his injured body back to the Shadowless Villa!
“Chen Ping, what happened to you?”
Seeing Chen Ping injured, Gu Ling’er hurriedly went forward and asked with concern.
“I’m fine!” Chen Ping shook his head with a worried look on his face!
“Have you found Yu Qi?”
Gu Ling’er continued to ask.
“No, but I’m sure Yu Qi was captured by the Martial Alliance’s!”
Although Guo Wei wouldn’t admit it, Chen Ping was sure that Su Yuqi had been captured by him.
“Then what do we do? Yu Qi won’t be in danger, right?” When Gu Ling’er heard this, her eyes instantly burst into tears.
“Don’t worry, those guys from the Martial Alliance shouldn’t be able to kill Yu Qi yet, killing Yu Qi won’t be of any use to them, I think they must have had something to do with Yu Qi’s fire spirit body when they took her!”
Chen Ping said comfortingly to Gu Ling’er.
In fact, Chen Ping himself was also very worried about Su Yuqi inside, but at this time, he could only act strong, if he fell down, there would be no one to save Su Yuqi, and even more no one to save his mother.
After a night of healing at the Shadowless Villa, Chen Ping immediately went to the Protector Pavilion the next day and told Zhao Wuji about Su Yuqi’s capture.