At this moment, the bar was very lively with lights inside, and the burst of flashing lights gave people a feeling of dizziness!
Chen Ping saw that after Wang Han Han followed a few girls into the bar, she was taken directly to the back by two waiters, and when Chen Ping wanted to follow him, he was stopped by someone.
“Sir, sorry, this is our backstage, guests are not allowed to enter ……”
Chen Ping glanced inside and found that there was no longer any Wang Han Han, so he found a corner and sat down, he wanted to see what Wang Han Han was doing here!
Soon, Wang Han Han and a few girls came out, but at this time a few of them were only wearing sexy lingerie, with a large area of snow-white skin showing outside.
A few people walked quickly to the stage in the middle of the bar, and instantly several strong lights hit the girls, causing the bar to boil over with people shouting and whistling!
Wang Han Han and a few girls were twisting and turning, and it was clear that Wang Han Han’s movements were still a bit stiff and not as flexible as the other girls, but Wang Han Han was also twisting and turning hard, trying to squeeze a smile on her face!
The others could also see how raw Wang Han Han was, so they all put their eyes on Wang Han Han, and some even picked up money and threw it at Wang Han Han!
Chen Ping frowned and looked at Wang Han Han on the stage, he couldn’t believe his eyes, he couldn’t imagine that Wang Han Han, who was always shy and docile, would come to the bar and become a dancer!
Looking at the banknotes on the stage, Wang Han Han kept bending down to pick them up and stuff them into her chest. Below the stage, a group of men with red eyes kept staring at Wang Han Han’s body, each one like a hungry wolf!
Seeing this, Chen Ping got up and walked to the edge of the stage, after pulling out a bunch of banknotes, he threw them directly on top of the stage, a few thousand dollars!
When Wang Han Han saw that someone had thrown such a large amount of money up, her face was instantly happy: “Thank you big brother …………”
But when Wang Han Han’s eyes followed Chen Ping and touched, Wang Han Han’s body shook slightly, and the expression on her face obviously became unnatural!
The first thing you need to do is to pretend that you don’t see Chen Ping and bend down to pick up all the money, and then still twist and turn on the stage, but there is no longer a smile on your face!
Chen Ping’s actions caused many people to look over, but after seeing that Chen Ping was dressed in an ordinary outfit, covered in ground-floor goods, they all showed sneering smiles!
“Dude, with this outfit, I’m afraid you can’t even go over two hundred dollars, right? The chicks up here are not something you can grasp, better hurry up and leave, you won’t earn more than a few thousand a month, you’ll be still up here in a while!”
At this moment, a middle-aged man patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said!
Chen Ping ignored him, but his eyes looked straight at Wang Han Han, he couldn’t understand, can a short period of three years really make a person change so much?
Wang Han Han turned around and instead of facing Chen Ping, she faced the other direction and twirled vigorously while the other girls on stage came over!
“Handsome guy, get to know ya ……”
One of the dancers squatted down and stretched out her white arm, surprisingly groping towards Chen Ping’s face!
The most important thing is that the girls like Chen Ping have a lot of money, but once they are hooked, they will be able to pay their monthly salary!
Chen Ping slightly dodged his head and did not let the dancer touch him, while his eyes never left Wang Han Han’s body!
“Beauty, let me get to know you ……”
A man on the side with a lecherous smile suddenly grabbed that dancer’s hand and pulled it downwards violently!