Listening to the crowd’s chatter, the black and silver robed boss couldn’t tell how ugly his face was.
He really couldn’t understand how terrifying this fellow Chen Ping’s strength was, how could three people still be no match for him?
He had to know that each of them was at the late stage of Great Martial Marquis strength, and the boss himself was even at the peak of Great Martial Marquis.
Given time, they might all break through the Great Martial Marquis and reach the Martial Saint level.
With such strength, it was surprising that all three of them could not defeat Chen Ping.
But the strength Chen Ping had shown was only at the middle stage of Grand Martial Marquis, how was that possible?
And at this moment, Ning Zhi in the stands, his face had become extremely ugly!
Originally, he had thought that he had trained hard and would definitely be able to defeat Chen Ping, but now that he saw Chen Ping strike and instantly defeat the three Black and Silver Robes, this had dealt a huge blow to Ning Zhi’s confidence!
“What? Suffered a blow?”
The Demon Amba*sador inside Ning Zhi spoke up.
Ning Zhi didn’t say anything, he just nodded, he had followed Chen Ping in his fight for so long, and all along Ning Zhi had considered himself to be the most talented one, and also the smartest.
If it came to scheming, Ning Zhi would not lose to anyone!
But every time he had followed Chen Ping, Ning Zhi had always ended up in a miserable defeat, and he did not know why.
“Do you want to know why this Chen Ping is so powerful and can fight beyond his rank.”
The devil amba*sador asked.
“Yes, why? Why should this Chen Ping be superior to others?”
Ning Zhi asked in a very puzzled manner.
“It’s because of his special physique, to know that a person’s physique is related to what level of cultivation he can reach.”
“This Chen Ping has a special physique and is a Golden Dragon True Body, how can an ordinary person possibly compete with him?”
The devil amba*sador said indifferently.
“Golden Dragon True Body?”
Ning Zhi muttered, his face filled with despondency.
Chen Ping had a special physique, while he was merely an ordinary person, how else could Ning Zhi follow Chen Ping in a fight?
The two would clearly not be opponents of the same calibre.
Seeing Ning Zhi’s dejected look, the devil amba*sador continued to speak, “Actually, your body isn’t an ordinary human’s physique either ……”
The Demon Envoy’s words caused Ning Zhi’s eyes to light up, “Lord Demon Envoy, you said that I’m not an ordinary human physique? Then what kind of physique am I?”
“If you were just an ordinary human physique, with your faults, would the great powers spare you? Would they take out precious resources for you to cultivate?”
“If it was an ordinary human physique, do you think I, a titled Demon Envoy, would look at this body of yours?”
“You are an Inferno Demon body, only this special physique has been in seal and needs to be stimulated before you can.”
“When I stimulate your Inferno Demon Body’s physique, you won’t have to fear that Chen Ping at all.”
At the Devil Envoy’s words, that Ning Zhi’s face was filled with excitement, his body trembling faintly.
“Inferno Demon Body, Inferno Demon Body ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes were filled with fighting spirit as he looked sharply towards Chen Ping in the ring!
He knew that he and Chen Ping were bound to have a fight to the death ……
Ning Zhi saw Chen Ping as his lifelong enemy, but he didn’t know that Chen Ping didn’t regard him at all, and that Chen Ping’s enemies were far more powerful than him!
At this moment, above the ring, Old Three, Old Four and Old Five in the black and silver robes had all adjusted their breath, and that Old Three’s arm had been attached!
“Old Six, Old Seven, you all go together, if you can’t capture it alive, get it killed ……”
The boss ordered with a cold face to a few black and silver robes.
This kind of scene was something he hadn’t expected in any way, now he could only bully the few with the many and see if he could defeat Chen Ping.
In a flash, five black and silver robes pounced on Chen Ping at the same time …………