The blood-coloured strange man tilted his head and looked at that dragon tattooed bell, his body wanted to move but found that he couldn’t move at all!
That dragon patterned clock seemed to have a huge suction force that sucked the blood-coloured monster in!
Boom!
The dragon tattoo clock smashed heavily on the ground, covering that blood-coloured monster inside!
At the same time, a pattern on the dragon pattern clock flashed with light!
Even though that blood-coloured monster desperately bombarded it, that Dragon Marked Bell surprisingly did not move at all!
Seeing this, Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief!
Seeing this, everyone else also let go of their hanging hearts!
Now that the blood-coloured strange man was bound by the dragon tattoo clock, Chen Ping only needed to find where the formation eye was and break this sacrificial blood formation!
Chen Ping carefully looked at a formation pattern on the ground, the blood inside was still flowing!
With such a huge and complex formation, it would not be overnight for Chen Ping to find where the eye of the formation was!
“Mr Chen, this sacrificial blood formation was opened with the blood of those demonic cultivators, you can follow the scent of their blood and find where the formation eye is.”
“Only when the formation eye is activated can the grand formation be opened ……”
Sheng Bushi said loudly to Chen Ping from outside the formation!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping instantly understood, and a strand of divine sense slowly attached itself to the blood flowing from that grand formation!
As long as one followed these flowing blood, one would definitely be able to find where the eye of the formation was!
After all, the energy that this Grand Formation needed right now came from the blood of these demonic cultivators!
Soon, Chen Ping used this method to find the formation eye of the grand formation!
As long as the eye of the formation was found, the rest would become much simpler, all that was needed was to destroy the eye of the formation, and the formation would naturally be lifted!
However, after the eye of the formation was destroyed, the Priest Blood Formation’s array disc could not be used anymore!
Looking at the found formation eye, Chen Ping actually hesitated a little!
This Priest Blood Formation was also considered a good formation!
Especially for the Blood Demon lineage, it was simply considered a divine weapon!
Now that the Blood Spirit Valley had been slaughtered, Luo Shouhai with Luo Xi and Jin Dong, if they wanted to survive in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, they were afraid that they would be sidelined a lot!
After all, a clan that was now left with only three people, who could still look down on it!
But if Luo Shouhai had this array disc it would be different, he could use this array disc to slowly be developing his own forces!
“Mr Chen, quickly break the formation and leave ah ……”
Seeing Chen Ping’s hesitation, the devil mountain ghost old man shouted in great confusion!
“Master, break the formation ah, quickly break the formation ah ……”
The fire phoenix also anxiously shouted!
And behind Chen Ping, the Dragon Tattoo Bell was constantly emitting a buzzing sound, and the Scarlet Monster was frantically attacking the Dragon Tattoo Bell!
“Mr Chen, what are you waiting for?”
Ochre Yan did not understand why Chen Ping was still hesitating since he had found where the eye of the formation was!
“I don’t want to break this grand formation, if I do, the formation disc will be completely ruined.”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, if you don’t break the formation, there is no way to deal with that Hu brothers ah, they can live forever in this grand formation ah!”
Ochre Yan persuaded!
“How in the world can there be eternal life, perhaps there can be another way to make them put away the great formation themselves.”
Chen Ping’s brain was thinking rapidly, then he set his eyes on the two flesh bodies of Hu Da and Hu Er!
“Mr Chen, it’s useless even if you destroy their fleshly bodies, they can completely make use of the power within this grand formation in remoulding their fleshly bodies.”
“Since they dared to have their souls come out of their bodies, they aren’t afraid of their physical bodies being destroyed.”
Ochre Yan said!
“Give it a try ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Illusory Stars in the Origin Space were flickering rapidly!
Immediately after that, the scenery around Chen Ping began to change continuously, and in the end, that Ritual Blood Formation even disappeared!
As for Sheng Bushi and the others who were outside the large formation, they watched Chen Ping as they slowly disappeared in the large formation!
At this moment, not a single person could be seen in the entire grand formation!