Hong Qianjiu looked at the eighteen Luohan who had already become broken flesh, his heart ached inwardly, he didn’t expect that the strength of that devil envoy to be so terrifying!
“Kid, with this ability of yours, you want to destroy the divine altar, you are simply delusional, let me tell you, this divine altar is made of the cold iron of Kunlun, if you can destroy it, wouldn’t that ruin the name of Kunlun!”
The devil envoy sneered as he looked at Chen Ping.
“Since I can’t destroy the divine altar, then I will destroy you ……”
A brilliant light erupted in Chen Ping’s eyes as he looked at that Devil Envoy with a deadly stare!
The devil amba*sador was looked at by Chen Ping and surprisingly had an uncomfortable feeling all over his body, he didn’t know why, Chen Ping was just a Great Martial Marquis, how could he cause pressure to himself?
Now that he had borrowed the power of the divine Altar to be reborn, he was much stronger than he had been at the time of the Soul Spirit, but looking at the sharp light in Chen Ping’s eyes, the Devil Envoy still felt very pressured!
“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping let out a low roar as his entire body charged forward.
With a stomp of his feet, like a sheathed Li Jian, he shot out towards that Devil Envoy, and the spiritual energy within his body was spinning wildly far!
An aura rose up around Chen Ping’s body, a terrifyingly oppressive feeling that the crowd could feel even from a great distance!
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping and felt the aura emanating from Chen Ping’s body, and his entire body fell into a daze.
But even so, did he dare to make a move on the devil amba*sador?
He knew that the 18 Luohan had just exploded themselves, but they hadn’t even been able to hurt the Demon Envoy!
Chen Ping, an eighth-ranked Martial Marquis, was able to defeat the Demon Envoy?
No one believed that Chen Ping could win!
“Chen Ping, you are too wild, all this trash from the secular world has made you feel invincible, today I will let you know yourself anew!”
The Devil Envoy sneered, although Chen Ping’s aura was indeed strong and had surpa*sed the strength of a peak Grand Martial Marquis, but so what?
In order to strike Chen Ping, the Devil Envoy put one hand behind his back, then slowly pushed one hand forward, and a fierce and incomparable aura lunged towards Chen Ping!
He wanted to let Chen Ping know that with one hand, he could make Chen Ping beg for mercy on his knees!
Faced with such contempt and arrogance from the Demon Envoy, Chen Ping was not angry, the more the other party was like this, the more chance Chen Ping had, even if it was not low, Chen Ping had enough information to defend himself!
Chen Ping lashed out with a fierce sword swing, sharp and majestic sword qi, flickering with light blasted towards that devil amba*sador!
The devil amba*sador was full of a cold smile, still with one hand behind his back, he did this to strike Chen Ping’s confidence, and also to make an example out of him, so that everyone could see!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s face was full of indifference, his attention was on his own Dragon Chopping Sword, the power of the divine Dragon continuously shot out, then turned into a golden dragon and attacked the Devil Envoy!
Boom …………
The sword qi followed by the palm wind ruthlessly clashed together, exploding out like a hurricane blowing through, the crowd could feel the power even if they were a hundred metres apart!
And the collapsed hill was a mess of rocks, collapsing once again!
With this sword, the power of the divine dragon within Chen Ping’s body exploded out like a fierce beast, and the rampant breath followed the collision of that demon envoy’s palm wind.
But this first contact collision caused that Demon Envoy’s face to change slightly!
He had originally thought that he could easily knock Chen Ping away, but now he unexpectedly found that Chen Ping’s sword was also immensely powerful.
Even compared to a newly promoted Martial Saint, there was nothing like it!
This time, the Demon Envoy’s face was ugly, he had wanted to pretend to teach Chen Ping a lesson and at the same time knock the mountain out of the tiger, but now he had fallen!
Chen Ping’s face didn’t look good either, he had just used almost all his strength, but the Demon Envoy still had his hand behind his back, and he had easily fended it off!