In just a few moments, Chen Ping’s eyes were lifeless, and his entire body was like a walking corpse!
It was obvious that the sea of consciousness had been breached and there was no divine sense left!
Seeing this, the man in green casually beckoned back the large net on Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping …………”
Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu rushed forward and shook Chen Ping, wanting to shout Chen Ping awake!
However, Zhu Qingxiu’s shout immediately caused the five demonic cultivators to freeze.
“You said that this brat is called Chen Ping?”
The man in green looked at Zhu Qingxiu and asked!
Zhu Qingxiu glared at the man in green, but did not pay any attention to him!
“Big brother, this brat called Chen Ping, he wouldn’t be the guy that the Alliance Master chased with a hundred years of offerings, would he?”
That bearded devil cultivator asked in a low voice!
“It’s very possible, if it’s really him, the five of us brothers will be rich.”
“They say that this Chen Ping is very powerful, so many people failed to catch him, but now it seems that it’s just a reputation that’s not worth it, and it’s still not caught by us at our fingertips.”
The man in green clothes said in a very smug manner!
Zhu Qingxiu didn’t know what these people were saying again, and she also didn’t know about Chen Ping being hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings!
If she knew, she wouldn’t have been so calm when she heard that name Chen Ping!
After all, Chen Ping was a name that was well known in the Celestial Realm!
Chen Ping listened to the dialogue of the few demonic cultivators and knew that these guys were actually from the Demon Sealing Alliance, which could be considered to be an enemy of the enemy.
Even if there was no Zhu Qingxiu, Chen Ping would not let them go when he encountered the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Kid, now I order you, strip this woman’s clothes for me ……”
The man in green ordered Chen Ping.
Now that Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness had been breached, he had long since lost his autonomous consciousness and was completely at his mercy.
“Yes!”Chen Ping nodded numbly before grabbing towards Zhu Qingxiu.
“What are you going to do? Hurry up and wake up, wake up ah ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was going to undress himself, Zhu Qingxiu could only keep dodging and shouting for Chen Ping to wake up.
She also knew at this moment that Chen Ping was not a bad person, otherwise she would not have helped herself out of the trap, but now that Chen Ping was controlled by the other party’s divine sense, Zhu Qingxiu could not bear to make a move on Chen Ping.
After all, Chen Ping had fallen into the other party’s way and became what he was now in order to help himself.
“Hahaha, hurry up and take it off, hurry up and take it off for him ……”
“This is really interesting, I’m going to record this scene with a recording crystal, so that the rest of the Demon Sealing Alliance can see that Chen Ping, who was blown up to the sky, is still not turned into a walking corpse in the hands of our brothers.”
After the bearded cultivator finished speaking, he took out his recording crystal and began to record everything in the scene.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, stepped forward and grabbed Zhu Qingxiu, continuously tearing at Zhu Qingxiu’s clothes, Zhu Qingxiu desperately shielded herself and said in a slight rush, “Don’t be like this, if you keep on like this, I’ll have to be impolite to you, can you come to your senses for a moment?”
“Don’t worry, I won’t really take off your clothes.”
At this time, Chen Ping suddenly spoke in a small voice!
Zhu Qingxiu froze and looked at Chen Ping with some disbelief, “You’re not being controlled ah?”
“With these little tricks of theirs, wanting to control my sea of consciousness is simply a daydream, I was just teasing them.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu let out a sigh of relief and then asked, “Then what next?”
“The two of us pretend to tear each other apart, you lure over someone, and I’ll surprise them and kill them ……”
Chen Ping said!
“How am I going to lure over?”Zhu Qingxiu was a little unsure!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, ripped off Zhu Qingxiu’s shirt, and her snow-white skin was exposed!
“Ah ……”
Zhu Qingxiu panicked and directly slapped Chen Ping.
After hitting him, Zhu Qingxiu regretted it a bit, but she was just reacting instinctively.