“Hmph, just now it’s fine for him to casually kill someone, so why can’t I kill him?” Chen Ping’s eyes stared at him, “If you’re in the way, then I’ll kill you all together!”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s face was filled with a cold smile, “You really have a big mouth, with your skills, you can also kill me? Even if all of you are here, who can do anything to me?”
“Now that the winner has been decided, I won’t let you kill him.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s words made everyone feel very atmospheric, but they also felt powerless, after all, this Kawaguchi Kazuo’s strength was really inscrutable!
“Mr. Kawaguchi, in my Daxia, all you have to do is to abide by your duty so that I can guarantee your safety in Daxia, if you deceive me that there is no one in Daxia, then don’t blame me for leaving you behind ……”
At this moment, Mr. Shi’s figure slowly appeared in the doorway, with a faint smile on his face!
“Mr. Shi ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s face instantly turned a little ugly after seeing Shi-san!
“Mr. Shi, cutting skills, now that the winner has been decided, I just want to take my people and leave!”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said.
“Mr. Shi, the moment this guy came, he raised his hand to kill, is his life a life, but our human lives are not?”
Chen Ping said to Mr. Shi.
Mr. Shi waved his hand to shut Chen Ping up, and then said to that Kawaguchi Kazuo: “Cutting is the battle of life and death, I remember your island’s bushido spirit, which does not allow the loser to live?”
Mr. Shi’s words left Kawaguchi Kazuo speechless!
And at that moment, Jun Watanabe, who was already dying, suddenly climbed up and pulled out his dagger violently!
“The contest isn’t over yet ……”
Watanabe Jun said, and stabbed himself in the body!
The crowd was stunned to see this, they all thought this guy had failed and was going to cut his own belly!
Only to see Watanabe Jun slash his own chest and casually pull out the bright red and still beating heart with one hand!
This scene scared many girls into screaming and closing their eyes!
Watanabe’s heart began to glow with a glorious light, which then enveloped his whole body!
The wounds on Watanabe’s body were recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye!
In the end, Watanabe Jun’s heart turned black and hung outside his body, while Watanabe Jun’s body seemed to be covered in a layer of black armour, which looked very disgusting!
Everyone looked at Jun Watanabe in shock, confused as to what this Jun Watanabe was up to.
Only Kazuo Kawaguchi had a shock in his eyes as he stared at Jun Watanabe with a deadly stare!
At this moment, Watanabe Jun knelt on the ground, thrusting his hands into the mud and mumbling under his breath, “Supreme God Demon, please give power, I am willing to give everything I have ……”
Chen Ping looked at that appearance of Watanabe Jun and frowned slightly, confused as to what this guy was doing, but was able to see that the aura within that Watanabe Jun was becoming more and more terrifying.
“Divine Devil Devouring Heart ……”
“This is an ancient sorcery unique to the island, Chen Ping you should be careful.”
“He’s sacrificing his life and soul to obtain the power of the gods and demons ……”
“I never thought that after thousands of years, there would still be people who know such sorcery.”
Ge Yuhan warned loudly to Chen Ping!
Ge Yuhan’s words instantly caused Chen Ping to raise his guard, while that Kawaguchi Kazuo’s gaze looked at Ge Yuhan with even more suspicion!
Soon, Watanabe Jun’s prayer-like ritual was completed, only to see Watanabe Jun’s body as if it was filled with air, soaring nearly a meter.
Especially the black heart on his chest, which kept beating, gave people a very bad chill to look at!
“Humph, even if you turn into a real great devil, I will still kill you the same ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he put away his Dragon Chopping Sword and smashed over with a golden fist of light.
Watanabe Jun snorted coldly, and his body also shot towards Chen Ping in an instant!