Long Xiao’s heart fiercely panicked and tried to take his hand away in a panic, only to find that it was as if his hand was being sucked in!
At this moment, even the soul spirit inside Long Xiao panicked.
“Quickly withdraw, he is an immortal spell ……”
In Long Xiao’s mind, the old voice shouted urgently.
Long Xiao also wanted to withdraw, but unfortunately he could not do so at all, the palm of his hand felt like it was sucked in.
Not far away, Zhu Zhishan still had a smug look on his face, he still thought that Long Xiao was sucking Chen Ping’s strength, unaware that at the moment it was just the opposite!
Long Xiao was so anxious at this point that he was sweating profusely and looked at a loss for words!
“Break the arm, chop the arm off quickly ……”
The spirit shouted anxiously, telling Long Xiao to cut off the arm.
Long Xiao hurriedly pulled out his sharp blade, but when faced with his own arm, he really had no way to do it.
If he cut off his own arm, he would follow Zhu Zhi Shan and become a one-armed man.
He was still young, and he would only have one arm left.
Just as Long Xiao hesitated, the spirit got angry and roared, “Do it quickly ……”
Long Xiao’s eyes hesitated and finally gritted his teeth and the sharp blade in his hand swung out directly, but instead of cutting at his own arm, he slashed directly towards Chen Ping’s neck.
He thought of cutting Chen Ping’s head off, then he would be fine and his arm would be saved!
But there was a flash of coldness, Chen Ping seemed to have been prepared for it, and the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand instantly blocked in front of him, directly blocking the sharp blade in Long Xiao’s hand.
“f*ck …………”
The soul spirit inside Long Xiao was anxious, only to see Long Xiao’s eyes roll up, followed by an instant change in his aura!
The soul spirit directly took control of Long Xiao’s body, then with a fierce force, it ripped off the arm hard!
This sudden scene scared the crowd, not understanding what was wrong with Long Xiao.
Why, for good reason, did he rip off his own arm.
Even Zhu Zhishan froze, not understanding if Long Xiao had gone mad!
“Kill him now, kill him now ……”
Long Xiao hissed, telling the crowd to kill Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan knew that something must have changed, so he took the lead and leapt up.
“Do it, kill Chen Ping ……”
Zhu Zhishan shouted, and the others followed closely behind, charging towards Chen Ping to kill him.
At this moment, although Chen Ping had absorbed some of the energy from Long Xiao’s body, but it was only a drop in the bucket, facing Zhu Zhishan and the others’ attack, he had no power to fight back other than waiting to die!
None of these people had noticed that the sculpture of a mermaid on top of the throne had cracked, directly revealing its original face!
Moreover, the formation around the throne also shook tremendously at this instant!
Rumble …………
In a flash, the entire palace began to shake, accompanied by a rumbling sound.
A shattering sound could then be heard, followed by a terrifying aura filling the entire palace!
So everyone was stunned, a little overwhelmed by this sudden change, no one knew what was happening!
“Look, look quickly …………”
At this moment, someone shouted in panic.
Everyone turned their heads to look, one by one with astonished faces, looking in horror at what was before them.
They only saw that the sculpture of the mermaid on the throne had come to life, and the formation around the throne was, at this moment, emitting a burst of sound and finally crumbling directly.
The mermaid was in front of the crowd and stretched out vigorously, with extreme excitement on her face!
“Everyone be careful ……”
Panic flashed across Zhu Zhishan’s face as he warned to the crowd.
The crowd all looked at the mermaid in a stern manner, all wondering what was going on with this mermaid!
Rumble …………
There was another violent shaking and the whole palace seemed to be collapsing!
A steady stream of mud began to fall, and it was as if a violent shaking was taking place overhead!
“Run, this palace is going to collapse ……”
Long Xiao suddenly frowned and hurriedly rushed towards the outside of the palace.
When the others saw this, they also ran outside, no one was bothering about Chen Ping’s death ……