Just as Chen Ping was about to adjourn the meeting and make some preparations, someone immediately came to report that Xing Jun from the law enforcement team had arrived!
Chen Ping hurriedly had someone invite Xing Jun in!
It had been a while since Chen Ping had seen Xing Jun.
There was no telling what this guy was up to!
When Xing Jun entered the door, he froze for a moment after seeing Chen Ping, and then laughed, “Chen Ping, your strength has improved a lot again, huh?
“I remember the first time I saw you, you were still a child being casually bullied and had to rely on Long Wu to protect you ……”
“But in just a year’s time, you’ve become the head of the biggest sect in Kyoto!”
Xing Jun felt a burst of emotion, a year ago he looked at Chen Ping like an ant, but now he had to look up to Chen Ping.
“Captain Xing, you should stop boasting about me, there is nothing to do, just say what you have to say!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Mr. Shi misses you and asked me to come and pick you up ……”
Xing Jun said.
“Mr. Shi misses me?” Chen Ping was a little surprised, not understanding what Mr. Shi was suddenly looking for him at this time.
“Come with me, don’t make Mr. Shi wait ……”
After Xing Jun finished speaking, he directly dragged Chen Ping and left!
Soon, Chen Ping arrived at the Protector’s Pavilion and saw that Mr. Shi was leisurely drinking tea, while in front of him, a chess board was laid out!
When he saw Chen Ping coming, Mr. Shi beckoned, “Chen Ping, come and sit down and accompany me to kill a game of ……”
Chen Ping was stunned, not understanding that this Mr. Shi was looking for him just to play chess?
But Chen Ping didn’t say anything, he walked straight over and sat down in front of Mr. Shi!
And Mr. Shi personally poured Chen Ping a cup of tea, “Taste it, authentic Da Hong Pao!”
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi, dared to put just can’t guess, what Mr. Shi thought in his heart, can only gently drink a sip said: “Good tea ……”
“Hahahaha, tea is good, divided into people’s state of mind, in fact, follow the tea has little to do with.”
“Accompany me to kill a few games properly, let me see if you kid has chess skills.”
Mr. Shi laughed and followed Chen Ping to start playing chess!
Chen Ping followed Mr. Shi for several games in a row, and lost every time!
But Mr. Shi didn’t say anything, he just let Chen Ping play on!
But by now, Chen Ping’s forehead was already sweating, and he was in a hurry!
He had to go and save Su Yuqi, so he didn’t have time to play chess with Mr. Shi!
Looking at Chen Ping’s anxious look, Mr. Shi didn’t say anything and just kept following Chen Ping in his chess game.
Finally, Chen Ping could not stand it any longer and said, “Mr. Shi, do you have something for me? If there is nothing, I have to leave, I still have some things left to deal with ……”
“Going to the Martial Union to save your girlfriend?”
Mr. Shi said with a faint smile.
Chen Ping froze, but nodded and said, “Yes, my girlfriend has been captured for such a long time, I must rescue her now that I finally have the ability to do so ……”
“With the ability?” Mr. Shi slowly raised his head and looked at Chen Ping, “What is your strength now?”
“Fifth Grade Grand Martial Marquis ……”
Chen Ping said.
“Fifth Grade Grand Martial Marquis ……”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, he suddenly swung his palm towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s heart was horrified and instinctively wanted to retreat, but it was simply too late!
Only to see Chen Ping’s body fly straight out and then smash into a chair, smashing it to pieces!
However, Chen Ping’s body was not injured, and his face was somewhat gloomy as he looked at Mr Shi!
“Do you think that with this strength, you can deal with seven Great Martial Marquises, plus two Martial Saint Weapons?”
Mr. Shi asked as he looked at Chen Ping.
“Two Martial Saint Artifacts?” Chen Ping was stunned, “You’re saying that the Martial Alliance now has two Martial Saint Weapons?”
“Not bad ……”
Mr. Shi nodded his head.
This time, Chen Ping panicked a little, at that time one Martial Saint Weapon, Chen Ping was a little overwhelmed, fortunately there was a Blood Demon around.