He knew that Zhao Liguo could not wait for too long. If Zhao Liguo had not been so strong from the beginning and used his strong Qi to protect his heart veins, he would have been a corpse by now.
Chen Ping now had to get to Pill God Valley as soon as possible to practice the Heaven Returning Pill to bring Zhao Liguo back to life. At that time, when Xiao Lan was seriously injured and almost died, it was the Heaven Returning Pill that brought him back to life.
As for the black jade breakage cream that Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng needed, they could wait to refine it, after all, the two people’s lives were not in danger.
Unknowingly, Chen Ping had already reached a mountain forest, through which he could enter the entrance of the Pill God Valley.
But just as Chen Ping continued to walk forward, his body suddenly gave a lurch, followed by his eyes looking around.
“To be able to follow me for so long before being discovered is considered a martial arts master, hiding like a rat, don’t you feel ashamed?”
Chen Ping’s face was cold as he said in a cold voice.
“No thanks to having eaten dragon crystals, divine sense scouting is really powerful, even though we hid our breath, you still perceived it ……”
At the end of the sentence, five human figures came bursting in sharply.
These five people were all at the Martial Sect realm, and they surrounded Chen Ping in an encircling position.
With a quick glance, Chen Ping knew who these people were, for the man he had humiliated, Xuan Yuan Rong, was among them.
“Chen Ping, I didn’t expect us to meet so soon, did I? As I said, I won’t let you go ……”
Xuan Yuan Rong looked at Chen Ping coldly, his eyes filled with anger.
It seemed that the blow and humiliation he had inflicted on Xuan Yuan Rong yesterday had caused this fellow to hold a grudge all along.
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, “Cut the f*cking crap, if you want to take revenge, then strike, I don’t have the time to talk to you guys ……”
Chen Ping did not have time to spend with them here.
“At such a young age, you have such gusto, facing me without five Martial Sects, yet you are not afraid at all, you are indeed a hero ……”
At this time, a middle-aged man who looked similar to Xuan Yuan Rong, with a few more coldness on his face, spoke up.
“Big brother, this is the kid who cut off Xiao Kai’s arm, today we will torture him well to avenge Xiao Kai’s death ……”
Xuan Yuan Rong said to the middle-aged man.
Only then did Chen Ping realize that this man was actually Xuan Yuan Yan, the head of the Xuan Yuan family, which immediately made Chen Ping’s heart a little nervous.
He did not expect Xuan Yuan Yan to come out personally as well, so it seemed that the Xuan Yuan family really valued themselves.
“It’s just an arm, it’s no big deal, as the saying goes, it’s better to settle grievances than to settle knots, if you can spit out the dragon crystal and hand it over to me, I guarantee that the Xuan Yuan family’s grudge with you will be settled and will never bother you again ……”
What Xuan Yuan Yan wanted was the Dragon Crystal, and surprisingly, he did not care at all about his son’s one arm.
Chen Ping slowly glanced around, he had to look for an opportunity to escape, facing Xuan Yuan Yan and several Martial Sect experts, Chen Ping was not sure he could win, not to mention he did not have time to fight them here.
“You don’t need to think about escaping, you won’t be able to fly even with your wings today, so be a good boy and hand over the Dragon Crystal to avoid suffering ……”
Xuanyuan Yan had long since seen what Chen Ping was thinking and said with a faint smile.
“As the head of the Xuanyuan family, don’t you think it’s a disgrace to your Xuanyuan family for five Martial Sects to deal with me, a Grand Master? Let’s fight one on one if you have the guts.”
Chen Ping mocked at Xuanyuan Yan.
“Hahahaha, disgraceful? What is there to be ashamed of, even if I kill you now, who can see and who can know? You also don’t need to use agitation on me, although you are at the realm of Grand Master, but your strength has long exceeded that of Martial Sect, my second brother couldn’t even walk in your hands in one move, you don’t need to pretend to be pathetic ……”
Xuanyuan Yan did not fall for Chen Ping’s trick at all, it looked like if Chen Ping did not hand over the dragon crystal, they would make a move together.