“Don’t you ask so many questions, do as I do at once ……”
Du Nan roared with a frown.
Seeing this, the Grand Elder could only lead the order and leave.
Soon, all the inhabitants of Penglai Island went on a pilgrimage to the temple, they didn’t dare to disobey even a little!
Du Nan did not run, but returned to the forbidden land anew!
By now, Chen Ping had fallen behind and bruises were beginning to appear on his body!
“This time, I will personally crush your YuanYing and see how you can still live ……”
Tiger Li Daxian snorted coldly and said.
“Come on if you have the guts!”
Chen Ping’s body emitted a killing aura as he once again headed towards Tiger Li Daxian!
Chen Ping was ready for certain death, at the last moment, Chen Ping could choose to explode himself and directly take that Tiger Li Daxian with him!
But the self-destruction of a YuanYing, or Martial Marquis, would be too much for the whole Penglai Island to bear!
Chen Ping had no reservations, he had used all his moves, he had used all kinds of techniques, he had even used the Samadhi Fire!
But still, he could not help this Tiger Li Daxian.
This guy may not be a tiger spirit, but he knows a lot, so Chen Ping could not take advantage of him at all!
“Chen Ping, there will be spiritual power soon, get ready ……”
Du Nan yelled up at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was stunned, he still hadn’t figured out what Du Nan meant by that!
But before Chen Ping could ask, he saw a burst of spiritual energy start to rise up from all sides of Penglai Island, those spiritual energy was gathering towards here!
At this moment, Chen Ping understood that Du Nan was trying to get himself to absorb all this spiritual energy, only then would Chen Ping’s strength be able to reach the peak instantly!
That Tiger Li Daxian could also see that those overwhelming spiritual energies would soon converge above their heads!
This should have been absorbed by the stone statue, but at this moment in time, it could only be Chen Ping who followed Tiger Li Daxian and fought for it.
The spiritual energy soon, formed a ball of light in mid-air, but this time, the ball of light was obviously much darker than the one at the beginning.
After all, that ball of spiritual light just now was the spiritual energy forcibly absorbed by the spell formation emanating from the stone statue!
And now the situation was different!
“Go to hell …………”
Tiger Li Daxian slapped out his palm with hurricane-like force, heading straight for Chen Ping, trying to knock him back.
Chen Ping quickly twisted his body, he wouldn’t be hitting hard head on this time, instead he relied on his nimble body to dodge this attack!
Chen Ping quickly rushed towards that ball of spiritual light, and at the same time, the Heart Condensation Skill within his body began to run at a rapid pace!
A huge suction force directly sucked the spiritual energy inside the sphere of light into Chen Ping’s body!
Seeing this, Tiger Li Daxian held his palm up and a black ball appeared, followed by a huge suction force that also radiated out, continuously sucking in spiritual energy!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s superior technique, the Heart Condensation Technique, was revealed!
Chen Ping’s speed of absorbing spiritual energy was more than ten times that of Tiger Li Daxian, and the tremendous power of the Heart Condensing Technique was simply not comparable to other techniques.
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body grew brighter and brighter, flashing up to illuminate almost the entire Penglai Island!
At this moment, even Chen Ping’s eyes were shining brightly!
Without the slightest bit of nonsense, Chen Ping’s body instantly leapt up after he had absorbed the spiritual energy!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
With the tremendous spiritual power within his body, coupled with the power of the divine Dragon, Chen Ping’s fist swung out, causing the Heaven and Earth to shake and the Great Dao to roar!
Seeing that Chen Ping even dared whoever struck first, Tiger Li Daxian’s face was filled with disdain!
A barrier appeared out of thin air as Tiger Li Daxian raised his hand!
Boom!
This punch ruthlessly smashed on top of that barrier.
Tiger Li Daxian, who was originally emboldened and unconcerned, suddenly froze.