Soon, several figures arrived in front of them, as if they had come tearing through the void!
At the head of the group was a man who looked young, wearing a white robe, holding a jade-handled sword in his hand, and his features looked incomparably clean!
And behind the man on the left and right sides, followed by two old men, these two old men had a common feature, that is, both lost an eye!
The old man on the left had lost his left eye, while the old man on the right had lost his right eye!
These two old men were also holding long swords, and the aura on their bodies was constantly surging!
And behind the two old men, they were followed by several cultivators with swords in their hands, these cultivators were obviously trained at a glance, both in their stance and posture, they were all very straight!
In particular, their faces were expressionless, and each of them exuded an aura of the eighth grade of the Transitional Abomination Realm!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping’s face changed slightly, to be able to bring a large number of men of the 8th level of the Transitional Appearance Realm, then the man in front of him must be not bad, and must have a huge force behind him!
The man in front of him and the two old men, Chen Ping could not even see through their realms, he could only feel that the other party’s aura was very powerful!
It was obvious that the other party had used some sort of method to mask their realm from detection!
“This little girl in front of me, with her clear eyebrows, if she were to change into woman’s clothes, she would definitely be a Heavenly Immortal figure ……”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“A woman?”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned and could not help but measure the man in front of him!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch had actually said that the other party was a woman, but Chen Ping had not even realised it for a moment!
“A man and a woman still can’t tell the difference, your boy has so many women around him for nothing.”
“Even though this person used a chest harness, it is still possible to tell at a glance, who is a big old man with such towering pectoral muscles ……”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he couldn’t help but put his eyes on the man’s chest, and sure enough, the muscles on the man’s chest appeared to be somewhat abnormal and very incongruous!
If a man was of this body proportion, then it would be too strange, but if it was a woman, then it would be quite normal!
Zhu Qingxiu also spoke in a low voice at this time, “This is a woman dressed as a man, he is a woman ……”
“You are also able to tell?”
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Qingxiu in surprise!
“Of course, I rely on my intuition, if the other party is a real man, with such a clear brow, it is impossible for me as a woman not to have my heart beat faster.”
“But when I saw this man, I didn’t feel anything at all, I was even a bit repulsed, it’s obvious that he’s a woman, and only women would be repulsed by each other.”
Zhu Qingxiu explained!
Chen Ping listened to Zhu Qingxiu’s explanation and was directly a little speechless, how could one differentiate between men and women like this?
The man on the other side saw Chen Ping staring at himself dead on, he couldn’t help but frown slightly, but he didn’t say anything, instead, he coldly headed towards that cave!
But just as he passed in front of Chen Ping and the others, the old man who was blind in his left eye, suddenly drew his sword and stabbed it towards Chen Ping’s eye!
“Insolent fellow ……”
The terrifying sword aura instantly enveloped Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned, he did not expect the other party to suddenly strike without warning!
Only to see Chen Ping’s body instantly activate his Unbreakable Golden Body, while a faint white light flickered around his body!
Zhu Qingxiu was also the first to strike, the longsword in his hand blocking it!
Clang ……
After a crisp sound, Zhu Qingxiu instantly retreated a few steps backwards, while the old man’s sword aura also dissipated!
“Someone from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect?”
The old man whose left eye was blinded frowned slightly as he stared tightly at Chen Ping and the others, the longsword in his hand trembling slightly as a terrifying sword intent continued to permeate!
As Zhu Qingxiu felt the other party’s sword intent, his face also became very ugly, but it was Chen Ping who looked at the other party with a calm face!