At this moment, Su Tianshuo and the others were plotting a more detailed plan.
“We must find a way to control the various key roads of the Pill God Island and not let the news leak out.”Su Tianshuo said.
“That Chen Ping has quite a few people around him as well, it won’t be easy to catch him.”Someone raised a concern.
“Hmph, we can take advantage of his lack of preparedness and strike at the Apothecary Assembly.”A hint of ruthlessness flashed in Su Tianshuo’s eyes, “When the scene is chaotic at that time, no one will be able to care about anyone.”
The crowd nodded their heads, agreeing with Su Tianshuo’s plan.
On the other side, the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family were also secretly observing the development of the situation, they were not ignorant of Su Tianshuo and the others’ small actions.
Having been in Yongle City for so many years together, what Su Tianshuo and the Pao and Diao families had in mind, they could guess one or two!
Tonight, Pao Longxing and Diao Changmin secretly went to Su Tianshuo’s residence, so there must be an ulterior motive!
The Zhou and Zhen Families wanted to annex the Pao and Diao Families!
Likewise, it was impossible for the Pao and Diao Families not to have the intention of annexing both of them!
Don’t look at the usual meeting of hecklers, but behind their backs, they both wanted the other to die!
“It seems like this Pill Masters’ Conference won’t be peaceful.”Zhou Qian, the Zhou Family’s family head, said.
“We can’t be careless either, we must be prepared to deal with it.”Zhen Yuandao, the Zhen Family’s Family Head, said.
Although the two of them knew at this moment that Su Tianshuo was making some sort of move, they were thinking of targeting their two families, they would never have imagined that Su Tianshuo wanted to target the entire Celestial Realm’s pill masters!
The entire Pill God Island was shrouded in a tense atmosphere, all forces were secretly competing, waiting for the time to come.
On the eve of the upcoming Pill Master Conference, the atmosphere on Pill God Island became more and more tense.
The pill masters were all making their final preparations for the upcoming convention, while those with evil intentions were secretly plotting how to realise their ambitions.
Ouyang Xing busily travelled between the various venues, checking that all preparations were in place.
Ouyang Wufeng, on the other hand, led his family’s disciples and strengthened the island’s defences.
As for Su Tianshuo and the others, they were also arranging the final details in a hurry, their eyes filled with anticipation and nervousness, as if they were about to open a gamble that would determine life and death.
Time rushed by, and it was soon time for the Pill Master Conference to open!
The entire Pill God Island was filled with a lively scene, with everyone brimming with excitement!
Only underneath this excitement, what kind of conspiracy was hidden, who knew!
At dawn, all the pill masters gathered under the Pill Cauldron Mountain, and at the foot of the Pill Cauldron Mountain, a high platform was set up!
A simple opening ceremony for the Pill Master Conference was still necessary!
All around Pill Cauldron Mountain, it was wrapped in a thick white mist, which seemed to be constantly spreading outwards from the Pill Cauldron when it was refining pills!
Only this white mist was not a spirit mist, but rather a highly poisonous one!
It was rumoured that it was to protect the pills within the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
Since this Pill Cauldron Mountain used to be used by the Pill God for refining pills, there would definitely be a lot of leftover pills inside!
However, this white mist wasn’t long lasting, it would slowly dissipate when the sun rose!
At this moment, on top of that high platform, there was a crowd of people, the president of the Four Regions Apothecary Society, as well as the heads of some medicinal families, were all sitting on it.
“All of you, welcome to Pill God Island, it is my master’s pleasure that this Pill Master’s Conference is being held on our Pill God Island.”
“Everything everyone spends here will be taken care of by our Ouyang family, and the Pill Master Conference has also set up multiple awards to add a bit of fun while you Daoists are exchanging and sparring with each other!”
“Behind me, this mountain shaped like a pill cauldron is called Pill Cauldron Mountain, rumoured to be the pill cauldron used by the Pill God to refine pills, which eventually transformed into a large mountain!”
“The Pill God’s fall was in this Pill Cauldron Mountain, and there are still many pills left behind within the Pill Cauldron Mountain that the Pill God refined!”
“If you want to obtain these things, it will depend on everyone’s fortune, there is even a Pill God inheritance, if someone is able to perceive it, it will be a blessing for our Celestial Realm.”
“Now I announce that the Pill Master Assembly will now begin ……”
Accompanied by Ouyang Xing’s loud announcement after that, bursts of cannons boomed and the applause was deafening!
For Pill God Island to be so generous, many pill masters were still very moved!