Chen Ping’s brow furrowed slightly as he sniffed hard.
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly stop, Du Ziteng’s heart instantly stuttered.
He was afraid that Chen Ping would discover the secret, and if Chen Ping found out that he had tampered with the pills, he would definitely kill him in a fit of rage!
Just as Du Ziteng was watching Chen Ping with trepidation, he saw that Chen Ping only hesitated before finally dropping the elixir into his mouth!
Seeing Chen Ping take the elixir, Du Ziteng let out a long sigh of relief!
“It really is good stuff, after eating these elixirs, I am really refreshed ……”
Hu Ma Zi had long since finished the elixirs in front of him and burped!
But just as he was about to get up, he suddenly felt his legs go weak and he sat straight back down again!
Hu Ma Zi was shocked and hurriedly ran his breath, but at that moment he found that within his dantian, it had long been empty, and he couldn’t lift up any strength at all.
“It’s bad …………”
Hu Ma Zi yelled out!
And at this moment, Zhao Beng also instantly felt powerless and collapsed on the chair!
Chen Ping looked at that appearance of Pocky Hu and Zhao Barging, but there was no half-surprise in his eyes as he himself sat limply on the chair, motionless!
Seeing this scene, Du Ziteng burst into laughter, “Hahahaha, with your intelligence, you still dare to come to Penglai Island to spill the beans.”
“Killing my brother and damaging the idol, none of you few will be able to live!”
“Take them away ……”
With a wave of Du Ziteng’s hand, hurried guards stepped forward and directly set Chen Ping and the others on their feet!
“Du Ziteng, you despicable fellow, you even drugged us ……”
Hu Pazzi cursed at Du Ziteng!
“Du Nan, thanks to me treating you as a brother, you’re too sinister ……”
Zhao Chuang looked at Du Nan at this moment and also opened his mouth to curse!
Du Nan’s face changed slightly, but he stood still and didn’t move, nor did he speak!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not say a word, but only glanced at Du Nan indifferently!
Du Nan dodged slightly after coming into contact with Chen Ping’s eyes!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others were brought within the forbidden land by Du Ziteng.
Du Ziteng skillfully opened the mechanism, and soon several guards came out from within the forbidden place and took over from Chen Ping and the others!
Those guards outside the palace were not allowed to enter the forbidden land, only the Du family’s people could!
Looking at the world that had suddenly changed for the better in front of him, Zhao Beng’s eyes were full of surprise, as it was the first time he had ever seen it.
And equally surprised was Du Nan, although he knew that there were forbidden places within the palace, he had never entered them before.
This kind of place, which Du Nan, as a prince, could not just enter, but Du Ziteng still brought Du Nan inside!
There were some things he felt the need to let his son know too!
After walking a short distance and arriving before the mansion, Du Ziteng skillfully pressed his hand forward gently, and after the forbidden force in front of him felt it, it instantly opened.
After pa*sing through the forbidden power, the forbidden power was restored once again.
“Tiger Li Daxian, my subordinate has been ordered to bring the man ……”
Du Ziteng shouted from outside the mansion!
Hearing this from Du Ziteng, Du Nan on the side was surprised, he had always thought that his father was the supreme lord of Penglai Island, how could there be someone behind him who even called himself a subordinate!
Chen Ping saw this scene and an imperceptible smile appeared at the corner of his mouth!
The person behind the curtain, they would soon be able to meet!
“Bring them in ……”
A strong voice came in from within the mansion!
When Chen Ping and the others were brought in, everyone, except Du Ziteng, was slightly startled!
Only to see a guy with a human body and a tiger’s head sitting on top of the main seat with a frightening appearance!
“A demonic beast that has become a spirit?”
Hu Ma Zi couldn’t help but blurt out!
The one in front of him was obviously a fierce tiger, but now it had a human body, wasn’t it a spirit?