Chen Ping was full of surprise: “Can one really ascend to immortality and live forever?”
Looking at Chen Ping with that look, Ge Fuhai laughed again, “They say that immortals live the same life as heaven and earth, that is just the world talking nonsense, immortals also have a life span, how can they live forever ……”
“It’s just that immortals have a long lifespan, able to reach several thousand years, or even tens of thousands of years, and I’ve never heard of an immortal who truly lives the same as heaven and earth.”
“In fact, even the real immortals, I have never seen, but only from the mouth of my ancestors.”
Ge Fuhai’s eyes were full of longing, it looked like he also had an incomparable yearning for becoming an immortal.
Chen Ping listened with amazement, if it wasn’t for Ge Fuhai, Chen Ping wouldn’t have known these secrets of the immortal cultivation world at all!
“Master Ge, what about some of the evil spirits within the Martial Alliance? Those four black bronze robes that dealt with me were all possessed by evil spirits ……”
Chen Ping was somewhat puzzled as to why so many evil spirit possessed people had suddenly appeared in the martial arts world.
“These evil spirits, all of them are the remnants of the souls of demon cultivators after they die, I heard that during a divine and demonic war back then, demon cultivators were almost slaughtered, many great demons were suppressed at that time, some demon cultivators died, but their souls still wandered the world!”
“Now these evil spirits have suddenly revived and are clinging to other people, in order to be reanimated one day!”
“I feel that soon, the entire Martial Dao world will collapse and a new order will be re-established ……”
Ge Fuhai’s face began to look grave!
As Chen Ping listened to Ge Fuhai’s words, his entire person also fell into deep thought!
There were times when Chen Ping always felt like he was in a trap, his every move was being swayed by someone.
Every step he took was as if it had been planned out by someone!
At that moment, the door suddenly rang and Ge Jiayi barged in.
Only when Ge Jiayi barged in, she did not see any sign of Chen Ping or Ge Fuhai, as the two were in another dimension, so Ge Jiayi could not see them at all.
“Dad?”
Ge Jiayi shouted.
Ge Fuhai casually waved his hand and put away his spatial secret technique, and the two figures instantly appeared in front of Ge Jiayi.
Ge Jiayi wasn’t surprised, as if she had faced this kind of thing often.
“Jiayi, is there something wrong?”
Ge Fuhai asked.
“Dad, the Martial Alliance has sent a lot of people to block all the pa*sages in Kyoto, and I’ve noticed that there are quite a few strangers walking around our Ge family, and I suspect that they are also from the Martial Alliance.”
“It looks like the Martial Dao Alliance knows that Chen Ping has not left Kyoto and wants to intercept Chen Ping within Kyoto.”
Ge Jiayi said.
“No matter, they won’t dare to break into my Ge family to search, Chen Ping is safe here ……”
Ge Fuhai said with a confident face.
However, Chen Ping frowned, he could not stay in the Ge family and not go out all the time.
Besides, he had to save his mother and Su Yuqi as a matter of urgency, but now, after hearing what Ge Fuhai said about the secrets of the cultivation world, Chen Ping suddenly had a sense of powerlessness!
His current strength was nothing if he really had to put it into the Cultivation Realm!
Even the current Martial Dao Realm, with blow after blow, had left Chen Ping with a deep sense of frustration!
Every time the Martial Dao Alliance sent out experts, they all almost exceeded Chen Ping’s perception!
This time, Chen Ping was so close to being buried in the martial arts arena when four black bronze robes were sent directly.
At this rate, when would he be able to save Su Yuqi and save his mother?
“Master Ge, I can’t stay in the Ge family all the time, I have my own things to do, I will repay the kindness of saving my life this time in the future ……”
Chen Ping said gratefully to Ge Fuhai.