Because Chen Ping was invulnerable to all kinds of poisons, he would be fine even if the wild fruit was poisonous, but if Wu Mei’er ate it, it would be a problem!
But right after Chen Ping took a bite of the wild fruit, a name instantly appeared in Chen Ping’s mind!
Green Frost Fruit.
Immediately after that was the introduction of the Green Frost Fruit!
Chen Ping looked at the Green Frost Fruit in his hand in amazement and felt a puzzlement!
Because he had never known this kind of fruit, let alone what it was called!
Moreover, according to the introduction, it was a fruit tree that had survived a thousand years ago and lived by absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth!
The fruit that grows is sweet and pleasant, and has the effect of beautifying and nourishing the face!
“What’s going on here?” Chen Ping frowned slightly.
Chen Ping, who hadn’t been able to figure it out, went straight back to pick some more fruits!
When Wu Mei’er saw the watery fruit, she couldn’t help but eat it straight away!
As soon as she took her first bite, Wu Mei’er was shocked by the sweet taste!
“Yu Qi, Xiao Ru, you guys try it, this fruit is so sweet!”
Wu Mei’er said.
Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru weren’t hungry, but when they heard Wu Mei’er say it, they both ate it too!
The result was that they were all surprised by the sweet taste!
“Chen Ping, what kind of fruit is this? It’s too delicious!”
Su Yuqi couldn’t help but ask.
“It’s called the Green Frost Fruit, it can only grow in the secret realm and relies on the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, moreover, this Green Frost Fruit has the effect of beautifying and nourishing the face!”
Chen Ping said.
Hearing that it had the effect of beautifying and nourishing the face, the few girls ate even more happily!
“Brother Chen Ping, how do you know all this? You don’t seem to have entered the secret realm much before, do you?”
Xiao Ru asked curiously.
But Chen Ping smiled awkwardly and said, “I don’t know, how did I know what this fruit was called!”
“Who cares how he knows, in the future, with such delicious fruit and beauty care, even if we are trapped here, we are not afraid anymore!”
Wu Mei’er said with an excited look on her face!
Looking at the three girls eating happily, Chen Ping’s heart was a little relieved, although they were now trapped, at least there was no danger for the time being, and the environment of this secret realm was also good, unlike that Fire Gate secret realm, which was all a desert Gobi beach!
Chen Ping sat on the gra*s and quietly watched Su Yuqi and the girls chatting and laughing as they ate!
It would be a pleasure to have a secret realm of one’s own, to have everyone around him come and live in a secret realm, to be free from the world!
Chen Ping thought, and then lay down on the gra*s, wanting to take a quiet rest!
But just as he lay down, Chen Ping’s hand seemed to have been stabbed by something, and a stabbing pain came through, causing Chen Ping to sit up!
When Chen Ping saw that on his palm, a drop of blood had emerged, he couldn’t help but be surprised!
He had to know that his current flesh was harder than steel, what could have pierced his skin so easily?
Chen Ping hurriedly leaned down and searched carefully to see what was on the gra*s that was so hard!
Soon, a gra*s shaped like a steel needle was found by Chen Ping, with a trace of Chen Ping’s blood on it, which would have been difficult to spot as it was mixed in with the gra*s.
Chen Ping went up and plucked the gra*s like a steel needle, then put it under the sunlight, the gra*s was transparent, like it was made of gla*s!
Golden Thorn Gra*s.
Just as Chen Ping was looking closely, suddenly the name of this gra*s appeared in his mind!
And the introduction of this Golden Thorn Gra*s appeared.
This gra*s was so hard that it was the first choice for concealed weapons, but because it was so rare, not many people had seen it before!
There was also the legend of the Golden Thorn Gra*s, that is, a hedgehog immortal in the heavenly realm shook his body and dropped some thorns from his body, which became the Golden Thorn Gra*s after falling to the mortal world!
Chen Ping looked at his mind in bewilderment, these appeared, and suddenly he seemed to understand something.