While Zhu Qingxiu was recovering, Chen Ping began to fiddle with the divine tree!
The Divine Tree was in the sea, still struggling continuously, only that Chen Ping was in control, making that Divine Tree have no way to escape!
“It just so happens that I need Immortal Qi to cultivate, when I drain your Immortal Qi, I’ll see how you can still struggle!”
Chen Ping’s Concentration Technique worked, and a large amount of Immortal Qi from the divine tree began to be drawn into Chen Ping’s body!
At first, the divine tree struggled desperately, but in the end, the struggle became weaker and weaker.
“Please, don’t suck it, I’ll die if I suck it ……”
At this time, the divine tree even issued a voice, and listened to the voice or a woman!
This scared Chen Ping, panicked, stopped absorbing and looked around!
Finding that there was no one around, he placed his gaze on top of that divine tree!
“Did you …… just say the words?”
Chen Ping asked to the divine tree in his hand!
The divine tree shook its branches, “It’s me, besides me, who else ah ……”
“Holy sh*t, you a tree, how can you still talk, there is consciousness ah? It’s also too weird ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes widened, his face full of incredulity!
“Chen Ping, use your divine sense to follow that tree to communicate, it’s probably not that this tree has a consciousness, but that someone had no choice and ended up ambushing their residual soul on top of this tree.”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
Chen Ping instantly struck his divine sense into that divine tree, and in an instant Chen Ping realised that in that divine tree, a figure slowly appeared!
It was a woman wearing a purple robed shirt, her face was very ugly and she looked very weak!
“What are you …… you? How come you are in the trees?”
Chen Ping asked after approaching the woman!
“My name is Zi’er, I am one of the Seven Immortals of the Heavenly Realm, after the God-Devil War back then, I fell in this Heavenly Human Realm, and my residual soul really had no place to attach to, and seeing that it was going to dissipate, I could only attach myself to one of the trees of this deserted island.”
“Originally I didn’t have much Immortal Qi in my body, now that you’ve absorbed a large part of it, I’m afraid I won’t be able to support it for much longer!”
That Zi’er said with a helpless face!
“One of the Seven Immortals?”
Chen Ping’s eyes widened, when he was in the secular world, he had heard the story of the Seven Immortals since he was a child!
Unexpectedly, today, he had actually met one of the seven fairies!
“I’m really sorry, let me help you recover!”
Chen Ping began to put the absorbed Immortal Qi back into that tree!
Soon, that Zi’er’s face became much rosier, but even with more immortal qi, Zi’er’s residual soul could only be in this tree, unless in finding another carrier, or allowing Zi’er to remake her physical body!
“This gentleman, I wonder if you can help me to detach from this tree, even if it is attached to an animal, it is still better than being in this tree!”
Zi’er begged to Chen Ping!
“Then why didn’t you attach yourself to Zhu Qingxiu after living on the island for so long?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!
Zhu Qingxiu had been on the island all this time, and often went to that cliff to absorb the immortal qi, this Zi’er had every chance to attach herself to Zhu Qingxiu’s body!
Zi’er shook her head, “I’m too weak now, there’s no way I can attach myself to someone with high strength, not to mention that Miss Qingxiu is also a poor person, she has accompanied me on the island for such a long time, and I can’t bear to do so.”
“I didn’t expect you to be quite kind-hearted, this time when you bumped into me, counting on your good fortune, you don’t need to attach yourself to someone else, I can help you reshape your physical body.”
Chen Ping had the Heavenly Demon Stone, when the time came to go to the Soul Demon Sect, he could completely restore Zi’er’s physical body!
“Really? That’s really thankful to you, one day when I return to the Heavenly Realm, as long as you ascend to the Heavenly Realm, I will definitely repay you!”
As Zi’er said, she was actually about to kneel down for Chen Ping!