At the same time, that Zou Qi brought people into the formation, the formation defence was activated, a few people were about to be sent flying out by that formation, but suddenly the formation disappeared!
Zou Qi felt very strange, but still stopped the credit to himself!
“Gang master, the formation has been broken, we can go ……”
Zou Qi said!
Qi Peijia saw that this Zou Qi really had some skills, so he nodded and also began to go towards that mountain peak!
The mountain peak was surrounded by immortal mist!
No matter if it was trees or demonic beasts, they all seemed to have spirituality!
Chen Ping was very wary as he walked ahead, as he was unsure if there would still be spell formations around this mountain peak!
“Family Head, we worked hard to enter, if we don’t take any treasure at all, wouldn’t we be losing money?”
On the way, the Grand Elder asked Sheng Boshi with some confusion!
Sheng Bushi glanced at the Grand Elder and said, “Short sighted, we don’t take the treasure, we can make Mr Chen feel indebted in his heart, and with Mr Chen’s enlightenment on formations, if he casually teaches us, our Sheng family will surely be able to benefit greatly, isn’t it better than that treasure?”
“And I see that this Mr Chen has a good appearance, if he can marry my daughter, I’m afraid that in the entire Celestial Realm, my Sheng family will be the only one in terms of Formation Rune Spell Art ……”
Sheng Bushi originally wanted to set up his daughter and Chen Ping together, that was why he took the initiative to propose that he did not want a bit of treasure, all of it would be given to Chen Ping!
“Family master, that Mr Chen has a woman by his side, I see the eyes of those two women looking at him, obviously ambiguous, you let the eldest young lady ……”
Before the Grand Elder could finish, Sheng Bushi smiled and said, “Isn’t it normal for a great man to have three wives and four concubines?Not to mention that Mr Chen has such strength, as long as he doesn’t dislike his little daughter, it doesn’t matter even if he becomes a third or fourth concubine.”
Upon hearing this, the Grand Elder stopped saying anything and could only look at Sheng Jiahui who was still unaware!
But this Sheng Bushi simply did not know that Chen Ping’s women were more than just these two in front of him!
If Sheng Jiahui really with Chen Ping, want to be three rooms four rooms is impossible, it is estimated to be ten rooms away!
Only if Chen Ping agrees or not, then it is not certain, not what kind of woman, Chen Ping will like!
“Ah …………”
Just as Chen Ping and the others were walking through the dense mountain forest, travelling towards that highest mountain peak, someone suddenly screamed miserably!
Immediately after that, more and more of the Sheng Family members let out miserable cries!
One could only see these Sheng Family members with terrified eyes, desperately slapping their bodies, and they were also rolling on the ground!
Seeing this scene, Sheng Bushi and the Grand Elder were both a little dumbfounded!
Chen Ping heard the sound and hurriedly turned around and ran back!
“Mr Chen, what do you think is going on here?”
Sheng Bushi asked with a face full of anxiety!
Chen Ping took a look and immediately concluded, “These people have fallen into an illusion ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping recited the Clear Heart Mantra, and then struck a breath into the bodies of those Sheng family members!
Soon, these people stopped screaming, and then got up with confused faces, their eyes full of doubts!
“What’s wrong with you guys?”
Sheng Bushi asked with a frown!
“Family Master, just now, I only felt that my body was strangely itchy and crawling with poisonous insects, and the fire around me was burning hot.”
A Sheng family member said!
“Yes, we are also like this ……”
The others also nodded their heads and said!
“It’s really strange, if it’s an illusion formation, we should all be deep in it, why are some people fine and others not?”
“And I don’t feel the existence of a formation in this vicinity, it’s impossible for there to be an illusion formation.”
The Grand Elder felt very strange!
“There is no illusion formation here, and they were not bewitched by an illusion formation ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked towards a Sheng family member!