Zhou Jie was concerned about the safety of Pocky Hu, so she went along with him!
“Mr. Chen, thank you so much.”
Deacon Lu stepped forward and said with a face full of gratitude.
“No need to thank me, I did it for my own sake, as for the matter of your Demon Spirit Sect, you can handle it yourself.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and glanced at those of the Demon Spirit Sect, then followed Jiang Wei and left!
Those betrayed people of the Demon Spirit Sect, how Deacon Lu dealt with them, that was his business, Chen Ping would not get involved and would not care!
Back at the hotel, Zhou Jie was meticulously wiping the blood from the corner of Hu Ma Zi’s mouth!
“Miss Zhou, I’m going to treat Grandmaster Hu, so you should go back for a while!”
Chen Ping said to Zhou Jie.
Zhou Jie nodded and then walked out of the room, after walking out of the room, Chen Ping patted Pocky Hu’s shoulder, “Alright, Zhou Jie is going out.”
Hu Pazzi opened his eyes and said with an intoxicated look, “It’s too similar, it’s too soft ……”
Looking at Hu Pazzi’s look, Chen Ping couldn’t help but sigh, “I thought you had changed your ways, but I didn’t think it was still the same.”
Pocky Hu had changed quite a bit after swallowing Xiao Yu’s golden elixir, Chen Ping had thought Pocky Hu would change completely!
“What old look, I really like this girl, it’s not just to sleep with her.”
Pocky Hu said with a straight face.
“Then you don’t care that Zhou Jie’s body has already been slept with?”
Chen Ping asked.
Hu Pocky shook his head, “I don’t care, I’ve slept with many people even with these old bones, as long as she doesn’t mind me.”
“That’s fine, you leave it alone, I’ll help you, just lie down ……”
Chen Ping told Hu Ma Zi to lie down and close his eyes again!
After adjusting his emotions, Chen Ping walked out of the room, while Zhou Jie was waiting in the hallway, and when she saw Chen Ping come out, she immediately greeted him.
“Mr. Chen, how is Master Hu doing?”
Zhou Jie asked.
“Ai!” Chen Ping sighed, then hesitated for a moment and said, “Master Hu’s internal organs have suffered a shock and are badly injured, I’m afraid …… I’m afraid ……”
Chen Ping’s hesitant look made Zhou Jie tense up all of a sudden!
“Mr. Chen, no matter what you have to save Grandmaster Hu, he is like this because he saved me, as long as you can save her, let me do anything.”
With that said, that Zhou Jie actually wanted to kneel down for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping hurriedly pulled Zhou Jie back and said, “Miss Zhou, there is no need to do so, Master Hu is not impossible to save, but you need to pay a little.”
“What do I need to give?” Zhou Jie asked.
“This …… this ……”
Chen Ping had an embarra*sed face, then whispered to Zhou Jie’s ear and spoke!
After saying this, Chen Ping was red in the face, but Zhou Jie was acting very calm!
“As long as I can save Master Hu, I’m willing to do anything, I’m already a rotten woman, what else can’t I do.”
After saying that, Zhou Jie opened the door and walked into the bedroom!
When Chen Ping saw Zhou Jie walk into the bedroom, his heart was a little complicated, he didn’t know if it was right to deceive Zhou Jie like this, but looking at Zhou Jie like this, she should have a good feeling towards Master Hu too!
Looking at the time, he saw that it was almost dawn, so Chen Ping went back to his room to rest!
The night had made him very tired, but as Chen Ping lay in bed, he soon heard movement coming from his arm!
This was followed by the shouts of Zhou Jie and Hu Ma Zi.
At this moment, Chen Ping was confused, their two rooms were next to each other, so he didn’t expect that the voices from next door could be heard so clearly!
Chen Ping was lying in bed with his eyes closed, but he couldn’t sleep, his ears were filled with the voices of Zhou Hao and Hu Ma Zi, for ten minutes, without any intention of stopping!
Chen Ping sat up violently from the bed with a face full of life!
He was simply asking for trouble for himself, following Hu Pazi to do this, causing himself to be unable to sleep.
In the end, Chen Ping had no choice but to go and talk to Jiang Wei.