Yi He and the others watched this scene without any change in expression, after all, they all knew Chen Ping’s identity!
As for that Knight King, when he looked at the golden dragon behind Chen Ping, as well as the power of the divine dragon that had erupted from Chen Ping, his entire body froze!
“You …… you are actually the Golden Dragon’s true body?”
King Li grew his mouth, how could he not expect that Chen Ping was actually the Golden Dragon True Body!
No wonder Chen Ping’s physical body was so strong after half a day of fighting!
“Knowing that now, I’m afraid it’s already too late, I’ll let you see the true power of the Beast Clan ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
King Knight frowned slightly, the vision behind him trembled continuously, and the aura within it flowed continuously.
“Even if you are the true body of the Golden Dragon, today I will let you die without a burial place ……”
King Li roared angrily, and suddenly the heavens and earth darkened, and King Li’s body once again grew larger, tens of zhang in height now!
It was like a small mountain in front of Chen Ping, this Knight King used a divine ability, since Chen Ping was a Golden Dragon True Body, with pure physical strength, the Knight King knew that he couldn’t beat Chen Ping anymore, so he started to use his Kung Fu divine ability!
In the darkness, the Li King slapped down towards Chen Ping with a claw that enveloped the sky!
In front of the Knight King, Chen Ping was as weak as an ant.
The crowd could only see the overwhelming darkness pressing towards the bottom, the entire heaven and earth fluctuating violently, and the entire void seeming to be stepped on and shattered!
In the face of the Li King’s terrifyingly sharp strike, Chen Ping did not show any panic, his entire body instantly rose up from the ground, facing the mountainous Li King directly in front of him!
The Li King’s claw fell short, his eyes staring at Chen Ping, his whole body emitting light, a black rune began to flow around his body!
Soon a huge ball of light appeared and blasted towards Chen Ping!
“This Knight King is really desperate, even his crushing runes have been used ……”
Seeing this, Yi He could not help but frown slightly!
r> Levels like theirs usually had their own means of preserving their lives, and although they didn’t know the rune arts, they could spend a lot of money to buy them!
And these runes became many people’s means of preserving their lives, and would not be used until it was absolutely necessary!
And now, that King Knight had actually used the runes, so it was evident that he had taken Chen Ping very seriously!
The Golden Dragon’s true body was enough for the Knight King to take it seriously!
Boom!
The light ball exploded, the void trembled, and Chen Ping was directly sent high into the air by the terrifying force that exploded out, as if he had been thrown up.
Chen Ping’s figure quickly disappeared, vanishing into the sky!
King Li tilted his head and looked up, a smile finally appearing at the corner of his mouth!
But to be forced into such a situation by a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, that was humiliating enough!
“Chen Ping …………”
Seeing Chen Ping blown away, not even a shadow, Gao Qilan and the girls all shouted out nervously!
Yi He and also Ji Yun also frowned and desperately looked high into the sky, but there was no trace of Chen Ping at all!
The mountain-like Knight King looked down at Yi He and said, “Yi He, surrender obediently, or else the entire Demon Emperor City will die.”
Yi He coldly looked at the Knight King, his eyes were full of determination and said “I will not surrender, the people of our Demon Emperor City would rather die in battle, but will never surrender.”
After Yi He finished speaking, his body began to erupt with a rampant aura, and his entire body swelled up!
“Miss Gao, Miss Liu, in a moment, I’ll hold back King Knight, you guys take the airship and quickly leave this place.”
“Isha, you follow and leave as well, I’ll lead the generals of Demon Emperor City and stall for time for you.”
Yi He knew that he was no match for that Knight King, all he could do was to stall for time and let the others escape.
“Dad, I’m not leaving, I want to stay with you.”
Isha cried and shook her head!