Boom …………
With a loud bang, a huge chasm was split directly beside Qin Xiaotian by Chen Ping, smoke and dust rose in all directions, drowning Qin Xiaotian in it.
Chen Ping slowly landed on the ground, sweat already on his forehead, a drop of sweat lowered to the ground and evaporated in an instant.
With that blow, Chen Ping had used up the last of his spiritual energy, and at this moment he could no longer swing a blade.
The smoke and dust slowly cleared and Qin Xiaotian’s figure was revealed, but he was not dead, Chen Ping did not kill him.
Even if he didn’t die, Qin Xiaotian was still injured by that terrifying blade, and his clothes were becoming tattered, no better than Chen Ping’s.
“You …… you didn’t kill me?”
Qin Xiaotian looked at Chen Ping with some surprise, that strike Chen Ping had just made was fully capable of killing him, not to mention killing him, it could simply blast him into slag.
However, Chen Ping did not kill him, dozens of blade maces only blasted Qin Xiaotian’s surrounding, but even so, Qin Xiaotian’s body was seriously injured, the bones all over his body seemed to have been cracked, and at this moment, Qin Xiaotian could only barely stand up.
“I’m not going to kill you, you can go away, if you still want to seek revenge on me, you can find me anytime, only next time, you won’t have a chance to live ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
Qin Xiaotian looked at Chen Ping for a long time before he turned around and left, after getting into a car, Qin Xiaotian left with a kick of the accelerator.
Chen Ping looked at the departing Qin Xiaotian and breathed heavily.
“If this body is not tempered, I’m afraid that today it will be inevitable …………”
Chen Ping looked at his bare skin and couldn’t help but murmur.
“If those four guys weren’t puppets, even if you had quenched your body, you would still be in trouble …………”
At this time, Long Wu walked out from somewhere, still holding a suit of clothes in his hand.
Chen Ping looked at Long Wu in surprise, it turned out that Long Wu had not left and had been hiding in the shadows watching himself.
“Hurry up and put the clothes on!” Long Wu threw the clothes to Chen Ping: “You can’t put all your hopes on this body of yours, even though you have tempered your body, you are not immortal, if those four guys were not puppets today and were mind controlled, you are not a match for the four of them, you are not allowed to be like today in the future, in front of absolute strength, even if you are really bronze and iron, you can still beaten into scrap metal ……”
After finishing, Long Wu turned around and left, now that Chen Ping was no longer in danger, Long Wu could really leave as well.
“Hey …… dragon …… dragon ………… ”
Chen Ping wanted to call out to Long Wu, but for a moment he did not know what to call Long Wu.
“You can just call me Uncle Long, it’s also your kid’s right to call me an uncle …………”
Long Wu did not turn around and said as he walked.
“Uncle Long …………”
Chen Ping shouted, only to regret that Long Wu did not reply, his entire person had already disappeared.
Looking at the direction where Long Wu disappeared, Chen Ping stood for a long time!
He knew that this Dragon Five must have followed his own origin, as well as that old dragon head, the world would not be so coincidental that all those who helped themselves would be surnamed Dragon, unless this was arranged from the beginning.
Turning around and getting into the car driven by Qin Xiaotian, Chen Ping headed directly towards Hongcheng.
After reaching Hongcheng, Chen Ping dropped the car off, took a taxi and returned to Pan Long Bay Villa.
Just as he reached the top of the hill, a dense aura greeted him, and it was only when he opened the courtyard door that he found that Song Tie had delivered another cartload of spirit stones, and on the door was also a note, and looking at the beautiful script on it, it was obvious that Song Tie had written it.
Song Tie told Chen Ping that the amount of such stones mined was getting smaller and smaller, so it might be a long time before a cart was sent over to him in the future.