Everyone stared dumbfounded as Peng Wu laughed out loud, and everyone had a dumbfounded look on their faces!
“What’s wrong with Sect Master? Is he stupid?”
“This formation hasn’t even been broken yet, why is he laughing and saying he won?”
“Couldn’t have been stimulated, right?”
The crowd looked at that Peng Wu in disbelief and murmured!
Gu Tianzhao was also a bit baffled, not knowing what Peng Wu was doing!
Only Bai Chicory smiled faintly and looked at Chen Ping, “Senior brother, this illusion formation of yours is really extraordinary ah ……”
“Where, where, it wasn’t seen through by Senior Brother Bai at a glance ……”
Chen Ping said with a modest smile!
It turned out that Peng Wu had not broken the formation at all, he had just been hit by Chen Ping’s illusion formation as soon as he stepped onto the stage, he just didn’t know it himself!
So in the illusion formation, he felt that he had broken through the formation and won the competition!
That was why he was laughing madly, saying that he had won!
And in the eyes of everyone below, Peng Wu had only gone up to the stage and made a couple of random gestures, the formation was still there, and he was laughing madly!
At this moment, Peng Wu was like a jumping clown, being pointed at!
One of the elders really couldn’t stand it any longer, and could only rush forward and point Peng Wu out, “Sect Master, you should have been caught in an illusionary formation, what are you laughing foolishly to yourself?”
“What? I’ve been hit by an illusion formation?”
Peng Wu frowned and hurriedly shook his head head, then turned to look and found that the formation was intact behind himself!
This time, Peng Wu was directly dumbfounded!
He had just clearly broken the formation, so how did it appear again!
But just as Peng Wu was about to make a move to break the formation, Gu Tianzhao shouted, “One incense stick time is up ……”
Along with Gu Tianzhao’s shout, the spell formation that Chen Ping had laid down then slowly disappeared!
This hand had to make the crowd very impressed!
One must know that it was basic for an array master to lay down an array, but if one was able to make the array retain its time and count the minutes and seconds, then it was not something that anyone could do!
Even Peng Wu did not have this kind of strength!
As for Chen Ping who had set up the formation, the formation disappeared on its own just as the time for the incense to burn had arrived!
It was evident that Chen Ping’s control over this formation had reached the extreme!
Peng Wu came down with his head hanging down, but at this time, his heart was already convinced!
He had never thought that as soon as he had just stepped onto the martial arts field, he had already been caught in Chen Ping’s illusion formation, Chen Ping was also too powerful!
Whether it was breaking his three formations with a single sword or allowing himself to be silently hit by an illusion formation, Peng Wu knew that he was no match for Chen Ping!
“I lost ……”
Peng Wu handed his spirit pen to Chen Ping!
After Chen Ping received the spirit pen, Peng Wu left without looking back, he no longer had the face to stay in the Two Yi Sect!
Chen Ping did not try to dissuade him, he knew that this would definitely be the outcome!
What’s more, that Peng Wu’s character was not good, and he also played tricks, even if he stayed in the Two Element Sect, he would still be a scourge!
This time, Chen Ping had won over that Peng Wu, so there would be no more objections to him being the Sect Master!
Especially since these people had seen Chen Ping’s strength!
Chen Ping smoothly sat as the Two Yi Sect’s Sect Leader and had Gu Tianzhao appointed as the Vice Sect Leader!
After handing over two of the Two Yi Sect’s blood jades to the White Chicory and giving them to the Divine Ripple Ancestor and the Formation Fiend, Chen Ping pocketed the rest of the blood jades!
After re-establishing the rules for the Two Yi Sect and rectifying the order, Chen Ping intended to leave the Two Yi Sect!
The management of the Two Yi Sect was handed over to Gu Tianzhao!
This was also considered to fulfil Gu Tianzhao’s wish!
After explaining everything, Chen Ping entrusted the white chicory to follow the Divine Ripple Ancestor and the Formation Demon to bid farewell before returning to the Violet Flame Sect!
These few days away had made Zhu Ling miss Chen Ping to death, and properly followed Chen Ping to make out!
However, Chen Ping still had to go to the Western Region to find Fire Phoenix and the others, and did not fall into Zhu Ling’s tenderness!
After handing over a token to Zhu Ling, Chen Ping stepped into the road to the Western Region!
This token was for Zhu Ling to go to the Two Yi Sect to look for someone when the Purple Flame Sect was cowering, this was the Two Yi Sect’s Sect Master’s Token!