Sheng Tian Tai slowly got up, saw the crowd clamouring to release Sheng Bushi, so he nodded his head and said “Good, then I’ll release my big brother in resolving this matter ……”
After saying that, Sheng Tian Tai slowly walked down from the main seat and walked towards the door of the hall!
But just as Sheng Tian Tai walked to the door of the hall, a cold aura suddenly flashed in his eyes, and a hand was inserted into his bosom!
Immediately after a talisman was taken out, shouting “Explode ……”
Boom!
Suddenly a large amount of red smoke filled the hall, while Sheng Tian Tai took the opportunity to rush out of the hall and directly shut the door to the room!
“Blood red scatter, too despicable ……”
Someone shouted out!
The door of the room was quickly kicked open, and the Sheng Family crowd rushed out from the hall!
However, everyone’s face was very ugly, and cold sweat was pouring from their foreheads
They only felt that their spiritual energy was rapidly draining from their bodies, and even if they stood for a while, they felt very tired!
Sheng Tian Tai did not flee, but stood quietly in the courtyard waiting for the crowd!
Because at this time the crowd had all been hit by the Blood Red Scatter, they had lost all their spiritual energy and were simply fearless!
“Sheng Tian Tai, you are too despicable to use this poison on your own clan ……”
Long Bo looked angrily at Sheng Tian Tai and said through clenched teeth!
“Hahaha, the winner is the king and the loser is the thief, now that you have all fallen into my hands, obediently submit to me and support me, I can give you the antidote.”
“Let me tell you, I’ve already sent someone to notify the Demon Sealing Alliance, soon the Demon Sealing Alliance will send someone to the Sheng family, if you all wake up now, you’ll still be able to save your lives.”
“If the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance arrive, then don’t blame me for not giving you guys a chance to live!”
Sheng Tiantai laughed recklessly!
Hearing Sheng Tiantai’s words, the Sheng Clan’s crowd all gritted their teeth, but they could do nothing about it.
They didn’t even have the strength to move right now, let alone fight after Sheng Tian Tai!
“This guy, to get his hands on the Blood Red Scatter, it seems like he’s been colluding with the Demon Sealing Alliance for a long time.”
Bai Shao said with a face full of anger!
“What is this Blood Red Scatter?” Chen Ping looked at the crowd who all looked weak while he himself did not seem to feel anything!
“This Blood Red Scatter is a kind of poison amongst the Demon Race, even if someone with the greatest strength is hit by Blood Red Scatter, they will instantly lose their spiritual energy and their body will become weak.”
“However, if the antidote is taken in time, there will not be any major harm, but if the antidote is not taken in time, the body will be damaged, and it is feared that one will never be able to cultivate again in the future, and the heavier ones may even lose their lives.”
Bai Shao explained after Chen Ping!
“It seems that this guy is really animalistic enough to use this poison even on his own clan.”
Chen Ping could not help but curse!
“Mr Chen, I’m sorry, I’m the one who got you guys into trouble ……”
Sheng Jiahui was filled with shame as she followed Chen Ping and apologised!
If it wasn’t because of what happened to their Sheng family, Chen Ping and the others wouldn’t have ended up in such a situation!
“Miss Sheng, it’s just a mere Blood Red Scatter, don’t be too nervous.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Upon hearing this, Sheng Jiahui looked at Chen Ping with a strange face, she realised that Chen Ping looked very relaxed at the moment, as if he was not poisoned!
Bai Qian was also surprised “Chen Ping, could it be that you are not poisoned?”
“Mr Chen, a hundred poisons are invulnerable, how could you be poisoned.”
Ji Yun who was on the side said!
Seeing that Chen Ping was not poisoned, Sheng Jiahui became happy!
“I will now give you ten minutes to think about it, those who are willing to submit and support me can now walk over.”
Sheng Tiantai swept a glance at the Sheng Family crowd and said!
The Sheng family crowd gritted their teeth, but none of them went towards Sheng Tian Tai!
However, Sheng Tian Tai was in no hurry and waited quietly with a cold smile on his face!
“Can I support you?”
At this time, Chen Ping, however, walked out from the crowd towards that Sheng Tiantai!