Captain Zhou was secretly unhappy in his heart, but there was nothing he could do, he could only watch as Bai Cheng walked towards the cell.
Bai Cheng entered the cell and upon seeing Chen Ping, he said with a face full of joy, “Mr Chen, the amnesty order has been obtained, I can take you out now.”
His face was filled with a joyful smile and his eyes revealed a hint of anticipation, as if he had already seen the surprised expressions of the crowd when they saw Mr Chen.
“I’m not going out, you use the amnesty to take him away!”Chen Ping said as he pointed at the youngest sister’s brother.
Chen Ping’s face was calm, he did not seem to care if he was able to leave the dungeon or not, he was more concerned about the safety of Youngest Sister’s brother.
Bai Cheng said with a difficult look on his face, ”Mr Chen, this amnesty order is specially applied for you ah, General Xing wants to see you once.
I told General Xing about you, but they didn’t believe anyone and insisted that I take you to the general’s residence to see.
If this amnesty order is given to someone else to use and you can’t go to the General’s Mansion, I won’t be able to account for it ah, and a lot of people will still think that I’m lying, and General Xing won’t trust me either.”
Bai Cheng’s tone revealed a hint of helplessness and anxiety, he did not know how to persuade Chen Ping.
When Brother Youngest Sister heard this, he immediately tensed up, he was afraid that Chen Ping would not care about him anymore, and if he himself was released by the amnesty order, he would never be able to leave.
His eyes revealed a hint of fear, his body trembled slightly, and he tightly grasped the corner of Chen Ping’s coat, as if grasping the last straw to save his life.
Chen Ping thought for a moment and said, “You first use the amnesty to take him out, at night, you wait for me outside the prison, I will just follow you to the General’s Mansion.”
Chen Ping’s eyes revealed a hint of firmness, he knew that he could not just stand by and watch Brother Youngest Sister being trapped in the dungeon, and that he would not be able to use the amnesty order at all if he wanted to leave the dungeon.
Seeing this, Bai Cheng reluctantly agreed, and then took Youngest Sister’s brother out.
When he left, Chen Ping told Little Sister’s brother the address of the inn, where Little Sister was waiting for him.
After thanking Chen Ping profusely, the youngest sister’s brother followed Bai Cheng and left, his footsteps slightly hurried, his heart full of desire for freedom and gratitude to Chen Ping.
Captain Zhou looked very surprised when he saw that the one Bai Cheng had brought out was not Chen Ping, he had thought that Bai Cheng had begged for an amnesty and would surely release Chen Ping, but he did not expect that it was not Chen Ping.
His eyes revealed a trace of doubt, his heart secretly guessed the relationship between Bai Cheng and Chen Ping.
Bai Cheng put the youngest sister brother released, still with people guarded under the ancient tree.
Although he was a little worried about whether he could successfully take Chen Ping to the General’s Mansion at night, he still dutifully fulfilled his duties.
When it was time to release the wind, Chen Ping once again walked under the ancient tree. With yesterday’s test, Chen Ping did not hesitate to directly strike his divine sense into that ancient tree this time.
Immediately after, his divine Soul instantly appeared in a chaos, surrounded by thick spiritual energy.
These spiritual energies were like materialised mist, emitting a soft glow, and Chen Ping was in the midst of it, as if he had entered a mysterious fairyland.
Chen Ping knew that this was a rare opportunity to improve, and even though half an hour was not a long time, he desperately absorbed the spiritual energy around him, and his cultivation was rapidly rising.
He closed his eyes tightly, devoting himself to absorbing the spiritual energy, and the aura on his body was continuously strengthening.
After all, all of this spiritual energy was from other cultivators’ bodies, and it was much faster than simply absorbing spiritual energy and then converting it into spiritual energy with magic.
Just as Chen Ping was frantically absorbing the surrounding spiritual energy, a white light slowly condensed and eventually formed into an old man who stood in front of Chen Ping.