Once Qian Xiu heard this, she shook her head, ‘When that Huo Dong left, he was already at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm’s strength, and now I don’t know how far he has been elevated.’
‘If he messes around, I’ll just kill myself, even if I die, I can’t let him spoil it.’
Qian Xiu’s face was resolute when she said this, it was obvious that when it really came to that moment, she would really dare to commit suicide!
‘Senior Sister Qian, even if you commit suicide, what if that Huo Dong is still interested in your corpse, wouldn’t that be …………’
Chen Ping did not finish his sentence, he believed that Qian Xiu knew what he meant!
Qian Xiu’s face became very ugly, this matter had not occurred to her!
That Huo Dong couldn’t possibly be perverted to such an extent, right?
But no one could say for sure!
Qian Xiu was in a difficult situation!
‘Senior Sister Qian, if that Huo Dong finds you in trouble, tell me and I will protect you!’
Wei Qing looked at Qian Xiu in a difficult situation and hurriedly behaved!
‘Senior brother, can you beat that Huo Dong?’ Qian Xiu asked!
‘I …………’
Wei Qing was speechless for a while, of course he couldn’t beat it!
‘Elder sister, why don’t you come and stay at my place, I won’t let him walk out of this door if he comes here a number of times to trouble you.’
Chen Ping said to Qian Xiu!
When Qian Xiu heard this, she nodded her head excitedly, ‘Yes, yes, I’ll sleep after my youngest senior brother, I’ll go get the bedding now ……’
Qian Xiu said and ran to get the bedding!
Chen Ping looked at Qian Xiu’s appearance and let out a bitter smile, he really was just one way towards Qian Xiu’s safety, so he let her come here to sleep!
There was absolutely no other intention, but Qian Xiu should not think that way!
Wei Qing also looked at Chen Ping with envy: ‘Junior Brother, you actually don’t know, Senior Sister Qian is usually quite high and cold, but now in front of you, she has become a little fan girl!’
‘You’re blessed tonight, enjoy yourself, I’ll leave you alone!’
‘Senior brother, you’re mistaken, I’m really just worried about Senior Sister Qian’s safety, I don’t have any other thoughts, and I won’t touch Senior Sister Qian for a second.’ Chen Ping hurriedly explained after Wei Qing!
‘Alright, you don’t need to explain, even if you don’t have any thoughts, do you dare to guarantee that Senior Sister Qian doesn’t have any thoughts?’
‘Looking at her like that, I reckon she can eat you up tonight, take care of yourself!’
Wei Qing finished speaking and turned around to leave!
Soon that Qian Xiu came holding the bedding and pulled Chen Ping towards the inside of the room without saying a word!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, rushed into the room and then closed the door!
‘Senior Sister Qian, there is a room right next door, you’d better go over and sleep, I’m used to sleeping alone!’
Chen Ping did not allow Qian Xiu to enter his room!
Qian Xiu softened her words for half a day, but when she saw that Chen Ping was not moved, she could only huff and puff and go next door!
Seeing Qian Xiu go next door, Chen Ping then laid down on the bed and slept at ease!
And at this time, in the Purple Flame Sect’s Sect Master’s Residence!
In front of a tall building, several Purple Flame Sect disciples stood!
And within this building, Huo Yuan Ting was sitting at the main seat in the hall, and at the place below him, there were also several elders sitting, these were all from his lineage!
These few elders were all following him, which was why Huo Yuan Ting had summoned them late at night!
However, these few elders didn’t have as much say in the Purple Flame Sect as Elder Yu, Elder Hu and the others!
After all, Elder Yu and Elder Hu were all respected elders of the Purple Flame Sect who had been nurtured since the old Sect Master’s time!
And Elder Yu, Elder Hu and the others followed Huo Yuan Ting in the same position in the Purple Flame Sect!
It was only that Huo Yuan Ting had used means to make the old Sect Master abdicate, and he had become the Sect Master, and his status had been screwed up by a section compared to that of Elder Yu, Elder Hu, and the others!
This is also why Elder Hu would contradict him and press him as the Sect Master!
Today, Huo Yuan Ting had gathered the few elders under him to discuss how to consolidate his position!