Mu Qiufeng’s body was completely exposed in front of the crowd, and at this moment, Mu Qiufeng’s eyes were wide open and his face was filled with horror!
He really didn’t understand how on earth Chen Ping had managed to make all the tens of thousands of formation patterns on this statue unravelled!
Could it be that this guy was really the Formation Demon Ancestor himself?
Mu Qiufeng obviously didn’t believe it, Chen Ping was only how old, how could he be a Formation Fiend Ancestor’s personal heirloom!
What’s more, the Formation Demon Ancestor was in the Heavenly Realm!
As far as the first patriarch of the Zhentian Law Sect was concerned, he was only the disciple’s disciple’s disciple of the Formation Fiend Ancestor, and had been passed down for countless generations.
It was only in order to highlight the statue’s bullishness that Mu Qiufeng said that the tens of thousands of formation patterns on the statue were all passed down by the Formation Demon Ancestor himself!
The first Patriarch of the Zhentian Dharma Sect was afraid that he hadn’t even seen the face of a Formation Fiend, and he was still personally passing it on!
“How the hell did you …… you do that?”
Mu Qiufeng asked at Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity!
“I’ve said, I’m the formation devil’s personally transmitted formation pattern, you’re equal to playing a big sword in front of Guan Gong, I don’t only have the formation devil’s personally transmitted formation pattern, I still have the divine pattern here!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his finger drew in the void and a divine pattern appeared!
It was only the divine pattern that met, slowly heading towards Mu Qiufeng, in mid-air, forming a silk net-like formation!
When Mu Qiufeng saw this, he was shocked, he jumped to escape, but he found that the divine pattern formation followed him like a shadow, no matter how much he ran, the divine pattern formation even chased after him!
Soon, Mu Qiufeng was wrapped up by the formation, his body seemed to have fallen into the magma flames, the burning sensation was no worse than the Supreme Fire!
Ah …………
Mu Qiufeng hissed, his body shaking violently!
“Please, please spare me, I can be an ox for you ……”
Mu Qiufeng desperately followed Chen Ping and begged for mercy!
However, Chen Ping was indifferent, having been fooled once, how could Chen Ping fall in the same place twice!
No matter how much that Mu Qiufeng cried out, Chen Ping was indifferent!
In the end, Mu Qiufeng was actually burnt alive by that Divine Ripple Formation, and his entire body turned into a dry corpse!
With a wave of Chen Ping’s palm, the formation was lifted and Mu Qiufeng’s body fell into the sea, instantly being devoured by the demonic beasts in the sea!
The Patriarch of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had died just like this!
There would be no more Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect in the Celestial Realm in the future!
After destroying Mu Qiufeng, Chen Ping slowly landed back on top of the island, looking at the many pill masters who were injured, Chen Ping said, “President Chen, it’s better for us to temporarily rest for a few days on this island, and wait for all of the people’s injuries to stabilise before we set off in the spirit boat!”
“Good, everything is at Fellow Daoist Chen’s disposal!”
Chen Wenliang nodded!
The crowd rested for three days on the island, then travelled on the spirit boat all the way back to the Western Region, riding the wind and waves!
The winds and waves were calm on this journey, and the storms in the Stormy Seas had disappeared!
During the few days on the island, coupled with the time spent returning to the Western Region, Chen Ping, on the other hand, had used the Mending Stone to raise his Gold Origin quite a bit!
Returning to the Western Region Continent, after everyone stepped onto the land, they all let out a long breath.
After this life and death, it was estimated that many pill masters would not dare to go to the depths of the sea in their lifetime!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, thank you for saving my life this time, we’re returning to the Central Domain, if you need me for anything, just ask!”
Chen Wenliang said to Chen Ping with great gratitude!
Without Chen Ping, none of them pill masters would probably be able to return!
“Yes, if Fellow Daoist Chen can use us, just ask, we will do our best.”
The pill masters all respected Chen Ping!
“Gentlemen, we are both pill masters, it is only right that we help each other.”
“However, there is one thing that I really need President Chen’s help with!”
Chen Ping said!