He had been training for so long, but his strength had not changed at all. When could he reach Martial Marquis and marry Xiao Ru?
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was staring closely at Zhao Baptist’s belly, within Zhao Baptist’s dantian, those cohesive powerful qi, had long since undergone a qualitative change, except that Zhao Baptist’s strength could not be seen to have grown!
“Don’t be anxious, I believe that you will soon reach Martial Marquis ……”
Chen Ping rea*sured Zhao Chuan, although Chen Ping didn’t know why Zhao Chuan’s strength wasn’t growing, but he could be sure that as long as he found the crux of the problem, the strong qi within Zhao Chuan’s dantian would definitely make his strength soar!
Chen Ping, Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Barging headed for the nearest temple.
At the same time, inside the palace’s forbidden mansion, Tiger Li Daxian looked up at the sky with a gloomy expression!
“Such terrifying fluctuations of spiritual energy, are there still experts breaking through in Penglai Island?”
Tiger Li Daxian muttered to himself!
Soon, Du Ziteng arrived in a hurry on orders, and after seeing Tiger Li Daxian, he directly fell to his knees!
“Tigerly Great Immortal, I wonder what you are looking for me for?”
Du Ziteng asked.
“I am asking you, has that young one of the YuanYing realm that you mentioned left Penglai Island?”
Tiger Li Daxian asked.
“No, he has been on Penglai Island, but has never left the house, he should have been cultivating ……”
Du Ziteng replied.
Hearing this, Tiger Li Daxian was silent for a moment, “You immediately send someone to check it out, this young man may have broken through again, and his realm is not low, when you find out the news, come to me directly ……”
“Understood ……”
Du Ziteng nodded and then left!
Tiger Li Daxian was still looking at the sky, his face was full of worries ……
“Master, when will you be resurrected, I always have a bad feeling ……”
Tiger Li Daxian muttered.
…………
Penglai Island, within a temple hall!
Every day, incense and kowtowing come here, and the people who come here are all very pious and respectful of the stone statue in front of them!
Although these people were all immortals, they were all living the lives of ordinary people, as if they didn’t know they were immortals, and no one was obsessed with cultivating to become immortals!
The robustness of their bodies and the increase in their lifespan were enough to make these people ecstatic, no one wanted to live forever!
“Come on, let’s go in and take a look ……”
Chen Ping took the lead and walked inside the temple!
Looking at the stone statue in front of him, it was very ordinary, not the slightest bit special, and the stone statue was all a bit blackened because it had been smoked for years and months.
Chen Ping instantly sent out his divine sense, which then covered the stone statue, trying to find out if there was anything strange about it.
But under the probe, he found that the stone statue was just an ordinary stone carving, and he didn’t find out anything, which made Chen Ping feel very puzzled!
“This big brother, let me ask, why do you keep kneeling to worship this ordinary stone statue? Who is this stone statue?”
Chen Ping stopped a middle-aged man and asked.
The middle-aged man looked at Chen Ping twice, then said, “This is a god within Penglai Island, legend has it that this Penglai Island was built by this person, so of course we have to come and thank people for the gains we made on Penglai Island ……”
After the middle-aged man finished speaking, he didn’t bother with Chen Ping and went straight to kneel and worship the stone statue!
Just then, several guards in armor came, each fierce and fierce, and surrounded Chen Ping and the others as soon as they arrived.
The leader of them was a young man with a folding fan in his hand and dressed in silk, but despite his youth, the aura of this man was not weak.
Chen Ping took a glance at this man, he looked like a fop in a TV drama, the kind that probably wouldn’t survive more than two episodes!
“Who are you people? Why don’t you worship when you enter the temple? How dare you use your divine sense to probe?”
The young man swept a glance at Chen Ping and then shouted an angry rebuke!
Only then did Chen Ping realize that it was because he had just emitted his divine sense that had invited these people here.