Chen Ping could see Xiao Yuanshan’s concern and hurriedly said, “Emperor Xiao don’t misunderstand, I’m only leaving temporarily, I’ve already left a sound transmission jade slip for Emperor Xiao, as long as there’s something going on in Emperor Xiao’s dynasty, I’ll immediately rush back.”
Once Xiao Yuanshan heard this, he finally relaxed inwardly and nodded!
At this moment, Xiao Yuanshan was actually a little speechless inside, the hallowed Xiao Imperial Dynasty, the near largest power in the Celestial Realm, now needed the protection of Chen Ping, a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm!
This did sound somewhat ironic, but there was simply no way around it, who made the power behind Chen Ping even more terrifying!
Chen Ping followed Ji Yun as he left from Xiao Dynasty!
The two of them took a blimp and headed straight to the Green Ox Peak’s Refining Sect!
Right now, Chen Ping had to completely restore the Dragon Beheading Sword so that the Sword Spirit Zhong Li could detach itself from the sword body!
As long as the Dragon Cutting Sword was fully restored, after the Sword Spirit Zhong Li was able to detach from the sword body, Chen Ping’s strength would follow suit and increase by a large margin!
After all, at that time, he would not be fighting alone!
The Sword Spirit Zhong Li could also be used as a killer weapon!
Chen Ping sat in the airship, his entire body falling into a state of cultivation, he knew that it would take a few days for the airship to reach the Weapon Refining Sect!
While Chen Ping was travelling to the Artifact Refining Sect, within the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Zuo Tianzheng was sitting on the main seat in a very sorry state, and at the lower position of his head were some of the middle level leaders of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
That Patriarch Zhou who had escaped back early was also there, and the Demon Sealing Alliance’s demon cultivators suffered heavy casualties!
Almost every one of them carried injuries, only Patriarch Zhou came back with two disciples, Tian Luo and Tian Sha, who were not injured at all!
This guy’s ability to escape was indeed something that no ordinary person could learn!
But the current Zuo Tianzheng was too lazy to bother about that!
“Everyone, although we didn’t swallow the Xiao Dynasty in this battle, but the Xiao Dynasty is greatly wounded.”
“All of you should be ready to continue attacking the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, we will never give up.”
After Zuo Tianzheng finished speaking, he casually waved his hand and dismissed the crowd!
Instead, he walked to a secret room at the back of the main hall!
There was a huge black hole inside the secret room, and the Tenth Highness was currently eating a lollipop inside the secret room!
Although the Tenth Highness had left the Demon Sealing Alliance people behind and fled, it was a bit of an unorthodox thing to do!
However, Zuo Tianzheng didn’t dare to have the slightest bit of dissatisfaction, and the whole person was still respectful in front of the Tenth Highness!
“Zuo Tianzheng, I will take you to the divine temple, have you thought of what to say?”
The Tenth Highness looked at Zuo Tianzheng and asked!
“Tenth Highness, my subordinate has thought about it, although we didn’t take down the Xiao Dynasty this time, but the credit of Tenth Highness cannot be buried.”
Zuo Tianzheng said respectfully!
“That’s good, follow me!”
After saying that, the Tenth Highness took the lead to enter that black hole!
Zuo Tianzheng followed closely behind, and when they entered, that black hole slowly disappeared!
When Zuo Tianzheng’s eyes went black, when he opened his eyes, a large black hall stood in the void in front of him!
Surrounded by nothingness, the entire hall was like it was suspended in the universe!
It was the first time that Zuo Tianzheng had seen the divine hall in front of him so visually!
Although he had also been summoned a few times, each time he had appeared in the middle of the great hall and had no idea what this divine hall looked like!
“Tenth Highness, is this the divine hall?”
Zuo Tianzheng asked in shock!
“Not bad, this is the divine hall, but this is only the tenth hall in the divine hall, as for where the other nine divine halls are, I don’t know.”
“I didn’t directly bring you into the great hall, just to let you see, the power of our divine hall, if you do well as our divine hall’s dog, you will definitely not be treated badly.”
The Tenth Highness directly compared Zuo Tianzheng to a dog, and was not afraid of Zuo Tianzheng getting angry!
Zuo Tianzheng also really wouldn’t get angry, at this moment he only felt his blood boiling!
Being able to follow the power of the Divine Race and climb into a relationship, what else was there to be angry about?
Looking at Zuo Tianzheng’s appearance, the Tenth Highness was satisfied, which brought Zuo Tianzheng into the hall!