Although many clans had withdrawn from the Martial Arts Alliance, they still could not avoid the fate of being exterminated!
For a while, the entire Kyoto martial arts community was in a state of panic, and some clans even moved away from Kyoto to avoid the fate of being exterminated!
Rumours spread throughout the martial arts world in Kyoto that the man in black robes who went around killing clans and families was Fan Jiang.
Not many martial artists of the younger generation in Kyoto knew about Fan Jiang, because more than twenty years ago, he was a famous evil cultivator who had absorbed the strength of many people and killed many clans and families!
Later, the entire martial arts community of Kyoto was mobilised to cooperate with the official arrests, and only then was Fan Jiang forced off a cliff.
But now, this black-robed man has suddenly appeared again, killing clans and families and siphoning off the strength of others, which makes people think of that devil Fan Jiang!
Back then, this Fan Jiang had killed several Martial Marquis experts with his own strength, and was only forced off the cliff by hundreds of people.
Now more than twenty years have pa*sed, if Fan Jiang had really returned, his strength would have been terrifying, and he would have been so ruthless that he would have left no one alive.
The many clans and families in Kyoto have reached the point where they are all at war, including some of the big clans and families, and they have all called back their experts who are scattered all over the world to deal with the impending danger!
Many clans and families had even joined together to petition for Mr. Shi’s hand to kill the black-robed man and return peace to the martial arts world of Kyoto!
…………
Protector’s Pavilion!
Mr. Shi leisurely sipped his tea, seemingly unconcerned by the noise of those clans and sects!
“Mr. Shi, in the past two days, every day, there are people in charge of the clan families, coming to ask to see you, now the entire Kyoto Martial Dao world is in chaos, people are on edge ……”
Xing Jun said to Mr. Shi with a slightly tired look.
In the past two days, it was all Xing Jun who was stepping in, and Mr. Shi simply did not see those people from the clans and families, allowing them to come again and again.
“Didn’t I say that I would not see them if I found them ……”
Mr. Shi said as he gently took a sip of tea.
“But …… but ……” Xing Jun looked embarra*sed, “Mr. Shi, many people are now rumoring that the black robed man is the great devil from twenty years ago Fan Jiang, if it is really Fan Jiang who appears, I am afraid that not only these clans and families, but even our officialdom will be in danger.”
Back then, the officials were the leaders in the hunt for Fan Jiang, and all the martial arts circles in Kyoto were united at that time.
If Fan Jiang came to take revenge, he would probably make a move against the official law enforcement team, and even if he didn’t dare to make a move against the team, it was not impossible to kill a few members of the Dharma Protection Court to take out their anger!
“Hahahaha, let’s not say that this black-robed man is not Fan Jiang, even if he really is, how would he dare to make a move against the officials? Although this Fan Jiang is an evil cultivator and a great devil, he is not a fool ……”
Mr. Shi laughed out loud.
Xing Jun was stunned and randomly asked curiously, “Mr. Shi, how do you know that this black-robed man is not Fan Jiang? Judging from this murderous and brutal method, it looks a lot like that Fan Jiang’s ……”
Xing Jun also suspected that this black-robed man was Fan Jiang, otherwise who could have such great strength.
“There are some things that you will know afterwards!” Mr. Shi said indifferently, then waved his hand and let Xing Jun go out.
After Xing Jun left, the corner of Mr. Shi’s mouth raised a smile, “This kid Chen Ping, is getting more and more bloodthirsty ……”
Seeing this expression on Mr. Shi’s face, he had already guessed that the black-robed man was Chen Ping, that’s why he didn’t step in to stop him, he didn’t even let the officials step in, he needed Chen Ping to have this kind of bloodlust, Mr. Shi knew that in the near future, there would be