Seeing this, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder knew that it was impossible for Chen Ping to leave, so he could only recite silently in his heart, his entire body condensing all but the most intense light!
The two of them quietly waited for the third thunderbolt!
Luo Shouhai and the others were also worried at this moment, but no one could help!
Meanwhile, not far from Chen Ping and the others, Zuo Xuan and Elder Chu were waiting for Chen Ping to emerge from the Divine Demon Battlefield!
They also didn’t know when the Divine Demon Battlefield would close, so they didn’t leave the Xuan Yin Sect too far and kept waiting for Chen Ping to leave!
“Elder Chu, look at the vision in the sky in the distance, is there some great devil coming out ah, from such a distance, I can feel a terrifying aura.”
Zuo Xuan looked at the black clouds piled up in the sky not far away and asked Elder Chu in disbelief!
“My lord, this is a demonic calamity cloud, there should be a demonic cultivator who has broken through, but to be able to attract a demonic calamity cloud, it seems that this demonic cultivator does not have long to live, a demonic calamity cloud is not something that anyone can resist.”
Elder Chu took a look and said indifferently!
“Go, let’s go and take a look ……”
When Zuo Xuan heard this, he was immediately interested!
“Gongzi, we’d better not get close to the land of these demonic cultivators, after all, these demonic cultivators are not a favourite for our Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Elder Chu hurriedly persuaded!
“Uncle Chu, what are you afraid of ah, this time our Demon Sealing Alliance has come with so many people, we still need to be afraid of those devil cultivators.”
“If those devil cultivators in dare to disrespect us, then directly all arrested.”
Zuo Xuan was full of disinterest!
In the past few days, quite a few people had come to the rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, which also gave Zuo Xuan a great deal of backbone!
If there had been so many people from the beginning, Zuo Xuan wouldn’t have held back and left from the Xuan Yin Sect and failed to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Seeing that Zuo Xuan insisted on going, Elder Chu could only say, “My lord, we can only watch from afar, that demonic apocalypse cloud is very powerful.”
“I know!”
Zuo Xuan nodded!
Just as Zuo Xuan and the others moved off, heading towards the direction where the demonic calamity cloud was piling up, that Elder Fei also arrived!
“What the f*ck did you do?I asked you to look for your Soulless Hall’s people, you couldn’t find a single one, and now you’re running around and can’t see a shadow.”
When Zuo Xuan saw Elder Fei, he cursed!
For these devil cultivators of the Demon Sealing Alliance, Zuo Xuan simply despised them, after all, they were all captured and then served the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Gongzi, I just looked around ……”
Elder Fei lowered his head, but in his heart, he had already cursed Zuo Xuan ten thousand times!
“Elder Fei, do you see not far away is it a demonic calamity cloud that is rare to see in a hundred years among your demonic cultivators?”
Elder Chu asked to Elder Fei!
Elder Fei didn’t even look and nodded, “Yes, there should be a demonic cultivator making a breakthrough, but it’s not possible to break through at all, it’s immediately the third thunder tribulation, this demonic tribulation cloud is able to resist three thunder tribulations are few and far between.”
“Three thunder tribulation can not resist down, then we quickly go, or go late, nothing can be seen ……”
When Zuo Xuan heard this, he hurriedly accelerated his pace!
The others could only follow closely behind!
Boom …………
Just as Zuo Xuan and the others were about to arrive, suddenly the third thunderbolt roared down!
A terrifying aura rose up to the sky and then spread out in all directions!
Even though Zuo Xuan and the others were still a hundred miles away, they still felt a gust of wind swooping over their faces!
“It’s over, it’s still a step too late, it seems that the person who crossed the threshold must be dead ……”
Zuo Xuan said with some loss!
“Gongzi, the demonic tribulation cloud did not dissipate, should this person is not dead ……”
Elder Chu glanced at the sky and said!
Zuo Xuan instantly came to the spirit, accelerated speed to run!
At this time, Luo Shouhai and the others were directly shaken back hundreds of metres by the aftershock of the third thunder tribulation just now!
They were a long way away, and they were all shaken back when they were swept by the aftershocks, so one could imagine how terrifying a blast Chen Ping and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, who were right in the middle of it, would have suffered!