But just as Chen Ping and the others were getting ready to disperse out to look for the island, a huge spirit boat slowly appeared in the distance!
“Spirit boat, a boat is coming ……”
“What a huge spirit boat, we are saved.”
“Great, the sky is the limit ……”
After the crowd saw the spirit boat, they all roared with excitement!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was full of gravity as he looked at the spirit boat that kept coming in the distance, and said with a slight doubt, “How could there be such a large spirit boat in the vast ocean where there are few people?”
“It’s too strange, this can’t be pirates, if we run into pirates, we’ll be in trouble.”Zhong Qi said!
He had heard that in this sea, someone was plundered away by pirates and then there was no news!
“Pirates? There are still pirates here ah, it’s really rare!”
Chen Wenliang couldn’t help but be staggered upon hearing this!
After all, he was in the Central Domain, which didn’t have a sea and was wrapped up by the four domains, so he didn’t know any pirates!
“Everyone else stay alert, we’ll go over and take a look, if we find something wrong, everyone else will flee immediately!”
Chen Ping definitely brought Chen Wenliang and also Zhong Yi over to take a look!
If this spirit boat was really some kind of pirate on top of it, then the few of them who were the strongest would still be able to handle it, and the others could take advantage of the opportunity to escape quickly!
“Okay, let’s go over and take a look!”
Chen Wenliang nodded, then followed Chen Ping towards that spirit boat!
At this moment, on top of that huge spirit boat, Elder Liu of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect was sitting inside the cabin and resting, he knew that there were still many more days for this huge storm to fade away, so he was not in a hurry at all!
“Elder Liu, a group of cultivators have been spotted ten or so miles ahead, hovering in mid-air!”
At this moment, a disciple of the Sky-Shattering Dharma Sect ran into the cabin and reported to Elder Liu!
Upon hearing this, Elder Liu hurriedly stepped out of the cabin and stood on the deck to look around, and sure enough, he saw dozens of cultivators, levitating in mid-air, and among them, three figures, which were rapidly coming towards them!
“Elder Liu, are these people the said pill masters? Seeing that they are levitating in mid-air with no spirit boat under their feet, it is assumed that the spirit boat was destroyed by the storm.”
Beside Elder Liu, followed by a young man in a green shirt said!
“It should be them, in this part of the sea, there won’t be anyone else coming, with so many pill masters, our Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect is going to be rich.”
“In the future, all of these people will become our slaves, refining countless pills for me.”
Elder Liu’s eyes were filled with a refined aura!
“Then I’ll bring people to arrest them now?”
The young man said!
When Elder Liu heard this, his brows furrowed and he coldly glanced at that young man and said, “Do you have any brains? If you arrest them, will they not resist?”
“Once they resist, casualties are bound to occur, if these people are once dead, they are worthless to us.”
“Everyone should not reveal their identities, these people can’t leave this place without their spirit boats, they will definitely come up to our boat.”
“We can bring them back without bloodshed, as long as they get on the island, they will be a turtle in a jar.”
Listening to Elder Liu’s words, the young man was puzzled, “Elder Liu, with the demonic aura on our bodies, it’s impossible for them not to detect it, if they detect that we’re demonic cultivators, will they still get on the boat?”
“I’m only asking you to conceal the identity of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, I’m not trying to conceal the identity of the demonic cultivators, with your current strength, there is no way to completely conceal your demonic aura, so there’s no need to hide it.”
“If you hide your aura and get discovered, it will cost you more than it’s worth, just directly admit to being a devil cultivator in a big way, no one will talk nonsense in a while, I’ll deal with it!”
“Understood!”The young man nodded!