“Is the money too little? I can give you more, plus buy you a house as a love nest for the two of us, you can have whatever you want, and I won’t interfere too much with your private life, you only need to accompany me four or five times a month, my current body is not suitable to put too much energy into women, this is more than you earn as a dancer, and you don’t have to be eaten by those smelly men… …”
The middle-aged man was still baiting Wang Han Han!
Wang Han Han had already made up her mind, she couldn’t be someone else’s lover, she didn’t want to trade her life for this short-lived comfort, she was sick of looking at this bald man in front of her, if he wasn’t her boss, she might have cursed out!
“Boss, I really can’t do it, you’d better find someone else ……”
Wang Han Han shook her head again!
Seeing that Wang Han Han still refused himself, the middle-aged man instantly flipped out and said with a glare in his eyes, “When it comes to me, do you still have a choice? There’s no woman I can’t play with when I see one ……”
When Wang Han Han saw this, she was so frightened that she hurriedly got up and tried to run outside, but just as she stood up, she felt the sky spinning and her head dizzy!
“Hahahaha, you can’t get away, you drank my wine, still want to leave?”
The middle-aged man laughed loudly!
Wang Han Han’s face turned miserable white, she wanted to swear, but she couldn’t open her mouth anymore, watching the middle-aged man grow blurry!
In the end, she fell onto the sofa with a loud bang, unable to move, and gradually fell into a deep sleep!
At the same time, in the lobby of the bar, Sister Yan was holding a cigarette in her mouth, looking enviously at the beautiful young dancers on the stage!
Once upon a time, she was also so young and pretty, so beautiful on the stage, and was even adopted by the big boss!
But now, she had become a pimp looking for a woman for the big boss, and she didn’t know what would happen to her in a few more years!
“Sister Yan, that Wang Han Han has been taken a fancy by the big boss, now she’s going to soar to great heights ……”
A waiter beside Sister Yan asked in a whisper.
“Of course, from now on you all be careful when you see Wang Han Han, don’t mess with her, or you won’t have any good consequences ……”
The woman exhaled a puff of smoke and said!
“No, but Wang Han Han’s body, that skin, is simply great, if this let me …………”
“Shut up, you don’t want to live? You are so virtuous that you dare to even think about the big boss’ woman ……”
Not waiting for that waiter to finish, Sister Yan said with a face of anger!
“Sister Yan, I deserve to die, I deserve to die, I’m talking nonsense …………”
The waiter hastily slapped himself twice!
“Forget it this time, if there is a next time, deduct your salary for a month ……”
Sister Yan said in a stern voice.
“Thank you Sister Yan, thank you Sister Yan ……” The waiter hurriedly thanked him, reached out and then gave a gentle squeeze on that Sister Yan’s buttocks!
“Look at that dead look on your ……”
Sister Yan smiled and pulled that waiter away!
Sister Yan is old, although the big boss doesn’t like it anymore, but those young and strong waiters inside the bar, no one can escape her!
The two people spoke very quietly at any time, but they were still really heard by Chen Ping. Hearing that Wang Han Han had been approached by the big boss for such a thing, Chen Ping’s face turned chilly to the extreme!
Chen Ping got up and walked towards the backstage, just as he reached the door, he was stopped by two waiters, before the two men could make a sound, Chen Ping, with a swift move, directly struck the two men and knocked them out!
When he entered the backstage, Chen Ping did not know where Wang Han Han was, there were rooms everywhere and there was no way to find them, which made Chen Ping desperate.
Just as Chen Ping pa*sed by a bathroom, he suddenly heard a panting sound, Chen Ping didn’t hesitate, he rushed straight in and kicked open a cubicle!