Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu hurriedly leapt, his entire body suspended in mid-air, watching the island disappear into the vast ocean!
Without a place to land, the four demonic cultivators were obviously a little panicked!
If they were to accidentally fall into the Dead Sea, they would immediately turn into white bones!
Chen Ping slashed his sword in a smooth manner, one of the demonic cultivators could not dodge in time and was directly struck in the front chest, the whole person instantly lost his spiritual power and fell straight into the dead sea!
Accompanied by the churning of the sea water, it only took a few short breaths of time for that devil cultivator to turn into a white bone, floating above the surface of the sea!
“Let’s go, don’t get entangled anymore, find a place to land first!”
Seeing this, the green-clothed cultivator knew that it was somewhat unrealistic for them to try to take down Chen Ping, so he planned to lead his people to escape first!
The green-clothed cultivator took the remaining two demonic cultivators and fled at great speed towards the small island where Zhu Qingxiu had resided in the beginning!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then pulled on Zhu Qingxiu and quickly chased after them!
Seeing Chen Ping and the others chasing after them, the three devil cultivators were very alarmed, now instead of getting the secret realm, they had become prey themselves!
“Big brother, hurry up and send out a distress message, otherwise we will all die here.”
A devil cultivator fearfully said to the green-clothed cultivator!
The green-clothed cultivator frowned slightly before finally nodding and striking out a red light!
The red light shot straight up into the sky and then exploded!
“Bad, these guys are calling for help, I guess there are their accomplices around here!”
Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu hurriedly said to Chen Ping!
“Don’t be afraid, kill as many as come, not one of these Demon Sealing Alliance dogs will be left behind!”
Chen Ping was very hateful towards the devil cultivators who were working as lackeys for the Demon Sealing Alliance!
The three devil cultivators came to the sky above the small island, and after only gaining a slight foothold on the small island, they immediately leapt up again and disappeared into the distance!
Chen Ping landed on the island with Zhu Qingxiu and wanted to bring Zhu Qingxiu to chase after them again, but he was pulled back by Zhu Qingxiu!
“Wait a minute, this island is probably going to sink even after you broke the Spirit Spring, I’m going to take the Divine Tree away!”
Zhu Qingxiu said!
“Divine tree? What divine tree?”
Chen Ping was dumbfounded!
Zhu Qingxiu, however, did not say anything, but pulled Chen Ping towards a broken cliff on the island!
At the place of that broken cliff, a tree that did not look very big was growing in the cracks of the rocks, and from that tree, there was Immortal Qi bubbling up!
Chen Ping froze and looked at the tree incredulously, how could this tree emit immortal qi?
Could it be that there were immortal skeletons under this tree?
However, this tree was growing in the cracks of the rocks, so there shouldn’t be any immortal skeletons underneath it, but where did this immortal aura come from?
“This is the divine tree, all these years I was on the island, I relied on the spirit spring and the divine tree to cultivate, as a result, you destroyed the spirit spring, and now there is only this divine tree.”
“I’m going to take the Divine Tree away, or else after the island sinks, this Divine Tree will suffer along with it.”
After Zhu Qingxiu finished speaking, she leapt towards the divine tree!
She intended to uproot the Divine Tree and then find a place to plant it, so that she could continue to cultivate with the Divine Tree!
But just as Zhu Qingxiu approached the divine tree, the divine tree suddenly surged with dark green light!
These lights formed a spiritual blade and attacked towards Zhu Qingxiu, preventing him from getting close!
The sudden change of events caused Zhu Qingxiu to be shocked, her body was slashed by several wounds from the spirit blades, and her entire body almost fell into the sea of death!
Seeing this, Chen Ping directly leapt up and carried Zhu Qingxiu back!
Both Zhu Qingxiu and Chen Ping looked at the Divine Tree in front of them in shock, not understanding how a tree could still be able to launch an attack?
Could it be that this tree was alive?
Chen Ping directly cast a spell to close off the space around him, and then grabbed towards the tree with one hand!