“Sister Binglu, do we really have to listen to that Mr Chen? Isn’t the Palace Master thinking too highly of him?”
After Chen Ping and the Palace Master left, a Saintess asked Bing Lu!
“Of course we have to listen, this is the Palace Master’s order, we have to obey it, but the road to the Pole is incredibly difficult, and there will be all sorts of dangers even when we reach the Pole.”
“Whether or not we can survive at that time will depend on our respective fortunes.”
Bing Lu’s meaning was obvious, she would not really lay down her life to protect Chen Ping!
Originally, it was already very dangerous for them to go to the Polar Regions with this kind of strength, and it would be even more troublesome to bring Chen Ping as a liability!
And also having to listen to Chen Ping’s command, these Holy Maidens were not convinced at all in their hearts!
“Yes, the king’s order is not to be obeyed, who cares when we get to the pole, I’m not going to protect that guy!”
That holy maiden rolled her eyes and said!
“We’ll just listen to what Sister Binglu says, let that kid give the orders, let him give them himself!”
Another holy maiden spoke up!
“Alright, let’s continue our cultivation, we will be leaving the day after tomorrow, how many of us will be able to come back is still unknown!”
Bing Lu waved her hand, allowing the crowd to start continuing their cultivation!
On the other side, Chen Ping, after leaving from that space, had some bad feelings in his heart, after all, the words he had said were indeed a bit hurtful!
He also knew that these Holy Maidens would follow his orders under the Palace Master’s pressure!
But after actually leaving the Guanghan Palace, whether or not these Saint Maidens would listen to themselves, that was not certain!
If they were to fall apart at that time due to disagreement, this was not the result Chen Ping wanted!
Chen Ping intended to ease the relationship with these holy women!
The only way to ease the relationship with women was to buy buy buy!
These Holy Maidens were locked up in that space to cultivate, and definitely had no way to contact the outside during this time!
And if there were some auxiliary things that could help with cultivation, these Saint Maidens would definitely be happy as well!
Thinking of all this, Chen Ping leapt out of the Guanghan Palace and headed straight to South End City!
Chen Ping was going to buy some things that the Holy Maidens could use at the Wantong Pavilion!
It was also considered a gift to ease the relationship!
Chen Ping arrived at South End City, found the Wantong Pavilion, and directly flashed the token given by Elder Xia!
With this token, Chen Ping could have unimpeded access to the Wantong Pavilion!
Chen Ping bought some Immortal Herb Spiritual Pills for those Holy Maidens, as well as some of the women’s favourite beauty pills and the like!
Although these things were not troublesome to refine, but in this Celestial Realm, pharmacists were also extremely precious and scarce, so even simple pills were precious to the many cultivators in the Celestial Realm!
Chen Ping also bought some materials used for talismans, preparing to draw down some talismans of his own, which could help those saintly maidens resist for a while when necessary!
“Mr Chen, you’re buying so many things, are you going to the Polar Regions?”
At this time, Pavilion Master Qian, who was the head of South End City, saw that Chen Ping had bought a lot of things, so he stepped forward and asked!
Chen Ping nodded and said “En, I will be leaving the day after tomorrow, so I have come to your Wantong Pavilion to pick up some items for my preparedness.”
Hearing Chen Ping’s affirmative answer, Pavilion Master Qian shot a somewhat surprised glance!
“But I have heard that the test for this trip to the pole of the Guanghan Palace is very harsh, I did not expect Chen Ping to have passed.”
In his opinion, for Chen Ping’s cultivation of the third rank of the Transition Realm to be able to pass the test, it was really not simple!
“I only passed by a fluke as well.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
After following Pavilion Master Qian for a few words, Chen Ping left the Wantong Pavilion and prepared to go back to the Guanghan Palace, but he did not want to encounter that Shen Ji Zi!
When Shen Ji Zi saw Chen Ping, his entire body froze!
Somewhat in disbelief, he rubbed his eyes!
“You …… you didn’t die ah?”
Shen Ji Zi thought that Chen Ping would die in that Guang Han Palace’s illusion formation!
“Not dead, this is not good.”
Chen Ping patted his body and said!