It could be said that both men now hated Chen Ping to the bone!
“Do you think that Chen Ping will escape?”
Zhu Zhishan suddenly spoke up and asked.
Long Xiao faintly stared, then said, “This time, he will never survive. Even if he escapes, how many days can he survive in this vast ocean without a boat?”
When Zhu Zhishan heard that it was right, a smile finally appeared on his face.
“It’s just too much of a pity that I didn’t get to kill him with my own hands ……”
Long Xiao had always wanted to kill Chen Ping with his own hands, but in the end, this wish could not even be fulfilled.
Zhu Zhishan looked at Long Xiao: “What was going on when you were killing Chen Ping? Why did you suddenly break your own arm?”
Zhu Zhishan asked curiously as he remembered the incident inside the palace where Long Xiao had ripped off his own arm so hard.
Long Xiao forgot to take a glance at his broken arm, and there was an indescribable look on his face.
There were some things he could not say after Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan looked at Long Xiao like this and knew that Long Xiao did not want to talk about it, so he smiled slightly and said, “It was the soul spirit inside you that did it and ripped off your arm, right?”
Long Xiao was stunned, then looked at Zhu Zhishan with some incredulity, but quickly nodded, “Not bad, at that time, that Chen Ping cultivated a technique that was very strange, originally I wanted to suck his strength, but I didn’t want to be controlled by him, sucking the strength inside me in and out.”
When Zhu Zhishan heard that Chen Ping cultivated such a strong gong method, he could not help but suck in a cold breath.
“Luckily this guy is dead now, otherwise in the future this guy’s strength would be absolutely immeasurable ……”
“When the time comes, all of us, I’m afraid, will have to die a good death.”
Zhu Zhishan said with some posterior fear.
Long Xiao listened and smiled awkwardly, originally he was the most talented person in the younger generation, but now, he was hard pressed by Chen Ping, although Chen Ping would never appear again in the future, but the legend of Chen Ping, I’m afraid it would take a long time to fade away.
“Long Xiao, what’s with the soul spirit inside you? How come when you were fighting just now, your aura had obviously dropped quite a bit?”
Zhu Zhishan asked strangely, not understanding why Long Xiao’s strength had suddenly dropped!
In fact, Long Xiao himself didn’t understand, and he was just about to ask that soul spirit what was going on.
Only that he didn’t have time to ask just now!
Quickly, Long Xiao’s divine sense dived and asked the soul spirit, “Senior, where did you go when that girl’s armour appeared just now? Why can’t I feel you anymore?”
“The armour on that girl’s body is a Buddhist treasure, and that light is Buddha’s light.”
“That was the Buddha’s light, if I hadn’t hidden it, where would I have been able to talk to you now, I would have gone up in smoke long ago ……”
The spirit said in a voice tinged with fear.
It looked like that Buddha’s light had indeed given him a lot of pressure just now.
But after Xiao Ru fled, the soul spirit came back out again.
When Long Xiao heard that, a light flashed in his eyes, he didn’t expect a seemingly ordinary armor to be a treasure!
“Long Xiao?”
Seeing Long Xiao’s expression, Zhu Zhishan shouted softly.
Long Xiao reacted and said to Zhu Zhishan, “Master Zhu, that Dong Jiahao escaped with the girl, in this sea, he must not be able to escape, he should still be on this ship, let’s go and look for it ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, he unexpectedly ran off impatiently to look for it.
Zhu Zhishan frowned and did not understand why this Long Xiao was suddenly interested in these two people.
Long Xiao searched the entire ship, but there was no Dong Jiahao and Xiao Ru, it turned out that the two people put down the lifeboat and fled.
This made Long Xiao act very remorseful!
“If you two escaped, you escaped, Chen Ping will be fine as long as he doesn’t escape.”
“It’s time for us to get down to business below ……”
Zhu Zhishan said as he patted Long Xiao’s shoulder.