Looking at the tea in front of him, Chen Ping unexpectedly did not dare to take a bite for a long time.
He did not know what was inside this cup of tea.
“Please use the tea ……”
The clan elder spoke up at this time, with a bit of respect in his tone, which shocked Ge Fuhai who was kneeling on the ground!
He had never heard that the clan elder was so polite with others before.
Chen Ping was helpless and could only take a sip of his tea.
Now that his cultivation was sealed, he had no room to resist at all, so he could only take one step and see what happened!
But when Chen Ping took a sip of the tea, a warm current flowed through his body.
Immediately afterwards, the sealed Dantian instantly opened up, and the spiritual energy in his body boiled!
Chen Ping tried a little and found that all his strength had been restored and the seal had been lifted!
Chen Ping was amazed, how could this sip of tea have such a great effect?
So he looked up at the clan elder and wanted to ask him what was going on.
But just as Chen Ping looked up, he noticed a huge relief carving on the wall behind the clan elder.
On top of the bas-relief was a huge dragon, and the dragon looked exactly like the one on Chen Ping’s Heavenly Dragon Ring!
Chen Ping looked at it with astonishment, his whole body in great confusion!
The clan elder, however, had long since floated up and landed in front of Chen Ping with a steady body.
His old body, however, knelt down to Chen Ping!
“My subordinate, Ge Cansheng, pays respects to Lord Hall Master ……”
The clan elder of the Ge Clan, surprisingly, knelt in front of Chen Ping and shouted with a face full of respect!
With this, it dumbfounded Ge Fuhai who was on the side, his entire jaw dropped in shock!
He knew that he had never seen the clan elder leave that position before!
And he had never seen a Clan Elder kneel to someone before either.
In the Ge clan, the clan elder was the sky, and was always the one to be worshipped, never had he ever knelt for anyone else?
But now, the clan elder was kneeling to Chen Ping, a young man in his twenties, and was even shouting “Lord” at the same time.
How could this not shock Ge Fuhai?
And as Chen Ping looked at the Ge family elder who was kneeling before him, and at the relief carving, he seemed to understand something!
“Are you also part of the Heavenly Dragon Hall?”
Chen Ping asked to the Ge family elder.
“Back to Hall Master, our Ge family is precisely one of the thirteen halls of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, and I have been waiting for the Hall Master to appear for twenty years ……”
The Ge family elder’s voice had the slightest tremble and excitement as he said this!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood, but at this moment, Chen Ping was even more filled with yearning for this father of his!
He didn’t know what kind of strength this father of his was, that even an immortal cultivation family like the Ge family was only one of the halls!
Chen Ping didn’t know what kind of a shock the thirteen cantons that had yet to appear would give him!
But there was one thing that Chen Ping had discovered, and that was that the order in which the cantons appeared was getting stronger and stronger, and always following their own trajectory!
It was as if this life of Chen Ping’s had been designed by someone long ago!
“Get up and talk ……”
Chen Ping waved his hand, allowing Ge Cansheng to stand up!
Ge Cansheng nodded, then stood up and respectfully stood by Chen Ping’s side!
“Ge Family Master, you should also get up ……”
Chen Ping said to Ge Fusheng.
Ge Fusheng, on the other hand, shook his head repeatedly, “I dare not, I dare not …………”
He didn’t dare to get up, even the clan elder was respectfully standing beside Chen Ping, he only had to kneel!
“If the temple master tells you to get up, you can get up ……”
Ge Cansheng spoke up!
Seeing this, Ge Fuhai slowly climbed up, but bowed his body very low.
Although Ge Fuhai didn’t know anything about the Heavenly Dragon Hall, and even less about any hall, he only knew one thing, and that was that the Ge family elders, all listened to Chen Ping, and that Chen Ping would be the boss of the Ge family from now on.