As the crowd watched this shameless practice of the Martial Alliance, they all snorted and shouted insults!
But these black and silver robes turned a deaf ear, for catching Chen Ping, they didn’t care anymore if they were scolded twice by others.
Chen Ping faced the attack of the five black and silver robes with a strong excitement in his eyes.
The Zenglong Sword in his hand was also humming continuously, as if it was also somewhat restless.
Chen Ping instantly executed the Nine Shadows Sword Technique!
Chen Ping’s figure once again split into two and two into four …………
Although Chen Ping’s Nine Shadows Sword Technique had not yet reached the ninth shadow, it was now considered incredibly skilful!
Only six identical Chen Ping’s, holding the same Chopping Dragon Sword in their hands, were seen facing the five black and silver robes!
A tiny golden dragon encircled the Zenglong Sword with the power of the divine dragon!
With a furious cry from Chen Ping, all six figures slashed at once!
Instantly, sword Qi streaked across the entirety of the human ring, filling it with a terrifying sword Qi!
Rumble ……
A terrifying sword qi instantly headed towards the five black and silver robes!
When the five black and silver robes saw this, they were all shocked, they did not expect that the remnant shadow that Chen Ping had illusioned would also emit such a terrifying sword qi.
You know that illusory shadows are usually confusing to the spirit and do not possess any real strength or attack power at all!
But the few shadows that Chen Ping had conjured up seemed to possess the same strength as Chen Ping’s original body!
In this way, they had to face six identical Chen Ping’s.
At this moment, the five black and silver robes all panicked and brought out their strength to resist the terrifying sword qi!
At this moment, Chen Ping, however, flashed his body, his entire body weaving back and forth among the several figures at the speed of light!
No one could see which one was the original body and which one was the illusionary shadow!
Boom …………
The third was the first to be heavily knocked out by a sword qi!
Then came Old Five, Old Six …………
Soon, all five black and silver robes were all heavily knocked out and fell on top of the ring.
Each of the sword qi they faced was substantial, possessing terrifying power and damage!
Only they didn’t know that only one of the sword qi actually possessed real damage.
If they hadn’t stopped to defend themselves and charged straight through the sword qi towards Chen Ping, they wouldn’t have been injured by the sword qi at all!
Chen Ping was merely taking advantage of the time gap, changing among his figures all by himself, these sword qi were all generated by Chen Ping himself cutting down sword after sword.
With Chen Ping’s current strength, he did not yet have the ability to make the figure he had conjured up, have the same strength!
Looking at the five black and silver robes that were sent flying out, the whole room was in an uproar.
No one had figured out just how terrifyingly strong Chen Ping was, how he could possibly have defeated five Great Martial Marquis with a single sword.
This was simply impossible!
The black and silver robed boss also froze, looking at Chen Ping incredulously!
Chen Ping’s strength was refreshing his perception time and time again!
“You should follow along too, you better use your Martial Saint Weapons or you will be in hell next time.”
Chen Ping looked provocatively at the black and silver robed boss and said coldly.
The boss looked at the provocation in Chen Ping’s eyes and his entire face turned blue with anger!
The reason he did not use the Martial Saint Weapon at first was because he felt that a few people joining forces would definitely be able to take down Chen Ping.
One had to know that Martial Saint Weapons were very valuable and had a life span that was less once used!
If the Martial Saint Weapon was damaged, they couldn’t afford to take the blame.
The five black and silver robes slowly stood up, although the sword qi hadn’t killed them, it still made their internal organs keep churning.
The boss slowly glanced at the oldest five: “Oldest five, bring out the Martial Saint Weapon ……”