Patriarch Luo also did not expect that Chen Ping had this ability!
Looking on in surprise, one must know that Chen Ping did not emit the slightest aura of a demonic cultivator!
But yet, he was able to absorb the Yin Fiend Qi!
This was very strange!
“Stop, all of this Yin Fury Qi is mine!”
The black-robed man roared as his body transformed into a storm of black mist that swept towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Patriarch Luo was about to make a move to stop him, but he heard Chen Ping faintly say, “Patriarch Luo, don’t move, let me clean him up!”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s Demon Drawing Whip instantly appeared in his hand!
Snap!
A loud bang accompanied the Demon Drawing Whip!
That black mist storm was instantly crushed, and the black-robed man’s figure violently retreated backwards!
“Kid, is this the Demon Drawing Whip in your hand?”
The black-robed man asked at Chen Ping!
“Not bad, I didn’t expect you to recognise the Demon Drawing Whip.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he once again swung the Demon Drawing Whip towards the black-robed man!
The black-robed man hurriedly dodged, he wouldn’t dare to take this whip hard!
“What exactly are you? Why can you absorb the Yin Fiend Qi? You don’t have a demonic aura on you!”
The black-robed man questioned Chen Ping!
After being lashed twice by Chen Ping, the black-robed man also calmed down and stopped saying that this Yin Fury Qi was his!
“What’s absorbing the Yin Fury Qi, I can even absorb the Dao Pattern Fury Qi!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dao Pattern Fatal Qi within his body began to fill the air!
The black-robed man was dumbfounded and looked at Chen Ping in disbelief, “How is this possible? This is the kind of Dao Pattern Fatal Qi that can only be practiced by a Yin Demon’s old man.”
“What in the world are you …… you?”
“Can’t you see this?”
Chen Ping asked as he gazed coldly at the black-robed man!
“I …………”
The black-robed man frowned, “Could it be that you are the Yin Demon Ancestor, reincarnated and reborn?”
“Bullsh*t reincarnation and rebirth, the old man’s soul was suppressed, it was not easy to escape and return to the Celestial Realm.”
“I didn’t realise that my Yin Demon lineage has now become someone else’s lapdog, leaving me with no place to hide this old face!”
Chen Ping said in a feigned manner!
“Ah, possessed and reborn? You are really the Yin Demon Ancestor?”
The black-robed man was filled with shock!
Even Patriarch Luo on the side was looking at Chen Ping incredulously, how could he not see that Chen Ping was possessed?
“Nonsense, can the old man’s dao tattooed fury still be faked?”
“You disciples and grandchildren, you can’t even learn a hundredth of the essence of the old man, all you know is to absorb some Yin Fury Qi all day long, and you also mutilate innocent living beings just for that strand of Yin Fury Qi, you are simply worse than a pig or a dog, and you are like animals.”
“How could I have you disciples and grandchildren, when I remould my flesh and return to the peak, I would like to see who’s disciple you are under my swing, I’ll get him killed!”
Chen Ping pointed at the black-robed man and was cursing!
The black-robed man did not dare to fart and stood with his head lowered, trembling!
Chen Ping cursed that was a lot of fun, he just didn’t know how Yin Demon would feel if he knew that Chen Ping was pretending to be him and cursing his own disciple!
“Not right ah ……”
Suddenly, the black-robed man raised his head and said with a puzzled face, “If you are the old Yin Demon ancestor possessed and reborn, how could you possibly have the Supreme Fire?”
Chen Ping was stunned as he started to indeed attack this black-robed man with the Supreme Fire!
One must know that the Yin Demon Qi was most afraid of the Supreme Fire, and of course, it was also in the case where both sides were equal, the Supreme Fire could suppress the Yin Demon Qi!
Therefore, the Yin Demon does not know how to use the fire, and there is no way to practice the fire!
Seeing that he had been recognised, Chen Ping stopped pretending and said, “Actually, I am a friend of your Yin Demon Old Ancestor, but what I have just said is definitely from your Yin Demon Old Ancestor’s heart.”
“You guys are doing nothing but evil, and you also serve as dogs for the Demon Sealing Alliance, if the Yin Devil knew about this, he would be infuriated by you.”
Chen Ping’s words caused the black-robed man to fall into extreme anger!