Sun Moon City!
Lin Keting was still locked up inside her room, doing nothing but cultivating the entire day!
Although Lin Keting hadn’t really gone to contemplation, her old dad had not allowed her to leave Sun Moon City anymore!
“Princess ……”
Along with the door to the room being pushed open, a female cultivator walked in!
“What’s wrong?”Lin Ke Ting asked as she opened her eyes and looked at the female cultivator in front of her!
“Take a look at this ……”
After the female cultivator finished speaking, she slowly opened her palm and a palm of white paper slowly appeared in front of Lin Keting!
When Lin Ke Ting saw the contents on it, she was instantly dumbfounded!
“Execution order? This Ten Temples actually wants to take 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones as a reward for killing Chen Ping?”
“What on earth has this fellow done? Surprisingly, he has provoked the Ten Temples to take out 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones?”
“No, I’m going to go find Father and ask him to hurry up and intervene to bail out that Chen Ping.”
Lin Keting said, and walked towards the outside of the room!
But just as she reached the door, she was shaken back by a huge force!
“Princess, without the Emperor’s decree, there is no way for you to leave this room.”
The female cultivator said!
Lin Keting frowned with an anxious look on her face!
“You immediately take the Execution Order, go to my master, and hand it over to him.”
Lin Keting said!
After all, the matter between Chen Ping and Lin Keting was set up by Daoist Wuji!
Now after Daoist Wuji saw the Execution Order, he would definitely find a way to save Chen Ping, there was no way he would let himself become a little widow before he was even with Chen Ping!
“As you wish ……”
The female cultivator slowly retreated out!
Lin Ke Ting crossed her steps back and forth inside the room sitting still, she was locked up here, there was no way for her to get in touch with Chen Ping anymore.
And at this moment, within the palace, Daoist Wuji followed Lin Chong and was drinking spiritual tea, and in front of them also lay the Ten Temples’ Execution Orders!
“Daoist, I didn’t expect this kid to be so valuable, 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, even my heart is moved ……”
Lin Chong said with a slight smile!
“Hahaha, the Ten Temples would rather take out 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones themselves to issue the Execution Order, than to personally go and kill that Chen Ping, guess what for?”
Daoist Wuji laughed!
“One, it’s possible that the Ten Temples can’t kill that Chen Ping, or have some concerns.”
“Two, the Ten Temples issued this kill order, it was simply because they wanted to disgust that Chen Ping, even if they did kill Chen Ping, the Ten Temples wouldn’t take out 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones!”
Lin Chong said after a little contemplation!
“Not bad, everything you said is possible, but there is another possibility, and that is that this killing order was not issued by the Lord of the Ten Temples at all.”
Daoist Wuji said with a slight smile!
“Not issued by the Ten Halls Lord?”Lin Chong froze!
“Have you forgotten that the Ten Temples are not ironclad, not everyone submits to the Ten Temples Lord.”
Daoist Wuji said!
“En, it’s possible, but no matter what the situation is, this time that Chen Ping is afraid that he will have enough to drink.”
“What does Daoist Master mean now? Should we step in and help that Chen Ping out?”
Lin Chong looked towards Daoist Master Wuji with a few playful hints in his eyes!
“Wait and see what happens, that Chen Ping is the virtuous son-in-law I chose for Xiao-ting, of course he must be superior, if he is a waste of space who needs help everywhere, wouldn’t I be doing Xiao-ting a disservice.”
Daoist Wuji said!
“Alright then, let’s listen to Daoist Master, let’s wait and see what happens, and also just take the opportunity to probe, those hidden forces from all sides.”
“The Heaven and Earth Grand Formation is abnormal, the Heaven Ascension Ladder is also about to appear, and the forces from all sides are slowly surfacing.”
“This time, the Celestial Realm is in great turmoil, and I’m afraid that the pattern will be completely rewritten!”
Lin Chong nodded and said!
“Not bad, this time when the Heaven Ascending Staircase appears, the Celestial Realm will definitely be in chaos, I am not too worried about those hidden forces in the Celestial Realm.”
“My worry is those perverts within the Heavenly Ascension Stairs, being able to survive for a hundred years in the Heavenly Ascension Stairs World, if they are allowed to walk out of the Heavenly Ascension Stairs, that would be the real threat.”
Daoist Wuji said with a worried expression!
“Yeah, those guys who stayed in the Heavenly Ascension Staircase World are the biggest threat, I hope that these guys are bent on yearning for the Heavenly Realm and don’t come out of the Heavenly Ascension Staircase World!”
Lin Chong also had a melancholic look in his eyes, his brows slightly furrowed!