Soon, tea was brought in and Dong Liqun personally poured a cup for Chen Ping.
“Mr. Chen, how would you like to taste it?”
Dong Liqun made an inviting gesture, and then tried to keep himself calm!
He could not reveal a breach at this time.
“Thank you, Family Master Dong.”
Chen Ping said a thank you, then picked up his cup of tea and took a gentle sip.
“Not bad, but I don’t know much about tea either!”
Chen Ping said with some embarra*sment.
“Haha, actually it’s all half knowledge, since it’s good, then drink more ……”
Dong Liqun said with a chuckle.
Chen Ping held his cup of tea and then drank it all in one go!
It was at this moment that Dong Liqun’s heart let out a long sigh of relief.
Dong Jiahao also drank with Chen Ping, but Dong Liqun did not stop.
He had the antidote on him, so it was fine for Dong Jiahao to drink it!
Soon, after three rounds of wine and five tastes of food, Chen Ping felt that it was about time and wanted to get up and leave!
“Mr. Chen, the entire Kyoto clans and families are now staring at you, so if you don’t mind, then stay with our Dong family, just so you can be company for Jiahao!”
Seeing that Chen Ping wanted to leave, Dong Liqun said to Chen Ping.
“Thank you, Family Head Dong, for your kindness, I still have many things to attend to, so I won’t bother you much!”
Chen Ping politely declined.
“Mr. Chen, you stay here first, I still have some things I want to ask you!”
Dong Liqun stayed with Chen Ping, then looked at Dong Jiahao and said, “Jiahao, your mother just called and asked you to go pick her up, so go quickly!”
Upon hearing this, Dong Jiahao could only go to pick up his mother, so he looked apologetically at Chen Ping, “Brother Chen, then I’ll excuse myself.”
“Brother Dong is very kind, you should go quickly!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly.
Dong Jiahao left, while Chen Ping looked at Dong Liqun and asked, “Master Dong, I wonder what else you have to ask?”
“Mr. Chen, I have heard that you have quite a few treasures on you, and there is also a fused dragon crystal that is capable of generating the power of a divine dragon, I wonder if that is true?”
Dong Liqun opened his mouth and asked.
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, but still nodded, “Not bad, it’s true!”
Seeing Chen Ping personally admit it, Dong Liqun’s eyes instantly flashed with a brilliant aura and his face was filled with excitement.
Seeing this expression on Dong Liqun’s face caused Chen Ping’s heart to tremble slightly.
“Mr. Chen, then I’ll open up the sky and speak brightly, your current strength, even without that Dragon Crystal, can still be ranked among the top in the younger generation of the martial arts world.”
“But not my family’s that Jiahao, his strength is poor and he doesn’t use his efforts, not to mention being on the free ranking, even these younger generations in the Kyoto martial arts world are better than him.”
Dong Liqun sighed, with a look of hatred and disdain.
“What does the Dong Clan Master mean by this?”
Chen Ping’s brow was slightly furrowed at this moment.
“It doesn’t mean anything else, I see that you and Jiahao are also friends, can you give the Dragon Crystal to Jiahao, I can exchange it with you for other treasures!”
Dong Liqun said.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, his face immediately turned cold: “Sorry, if it was something else, I would definitely help, but this dragon crystal, I can’t give it away ……”
“I still have some business to attend to, so I’ll take my leave ……”
Chen Ping got up and walked out, he found that this Dong Liqun did not want to be like what he had imagined.
But just as Chen Ping reached the door, he was stopped by the butler with someone.
Chen Ping turned his head to look at Dong Liqun: “Master Dong, what do you mean by that?”
At this moment, Dong Liqun revealed his true face and said with a cold smile, “Nothing else, since you don’t want to give it, then I will have to take it myself.”
Chen Ping’s eyes stared, his eyes covered with a cold aura.
“For the sake of Brother Dong, I don’t want to go on a killing spree in the Dong family, don’t you force me to ……”
Chen Ping’s face was as gloomy as water.
“Hahahaha!” Dong Liqun laughed out loud, “A killing spree? Do you think you can still use your strong qi now? You’ve been hit by my Qi Control Pill, you’re now a ruined man.”