Chen Ping looked at the fleeing Ning Zhi and was often relieved!
If the fight continued, it was definitely going to be a lose-lose situation!
“Well, running away is running away, if the fight continues, how can this fleshly body of mine possibly stand it!”
Chen Ping glared at that Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
This fellow, he only knew how to fight, without the slightest consideration of whether he could withstand it or not!
“You fellow, hurry up and raise your fleshly body strength, or else hurry up and find all my skeletons so that I can recover my fleshly body!”
“I’m going to die of boredom inside your sea of consciousness, it’s fine to have a companion ah ……”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, this guy was in his own sea of consciousness, which other remnant soul dared to come into his own sea of consciousness ah!
After regaining control of his body, Chen Ping started to rush to Zhu Jia Town!
…………
Zhu Jia Town!
It was just a town of only ten thousand people, and the town was not very strong!
Zhu Jia Town’s Zhen Fu Si Zhu Yuan Ji was also only at the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm strength!
However, even if it was the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, it was still considered an expert in the Eastern Region!
The overall strength of cultivators in the Eastern Region was a bit weaker than the other four regions!
This was also due to the fact that the Eastern Region was vast and sparsely populated!
In addition to the fact that the East Region is separated by the Ink Sea and the Dead Sea, East Region cultivators want to follow the other regions to communicate, in addition to the teleportation array, can only take a spirit boat, airships and the like!
These were modes of transport that required a large amount of spirit coins or resources, so that the cultivators in the Eastern Region were all relatively low in strength, and most of them had never travelled to other places!
At this moment, in one of the largest courtyards in the centre of the Zhu Family Town, Zhu Yuanji was looking at Zhu Qingxiu in front of him with tears of joy!
He had thought that this daughter of his had died, but he hadn’t thought of appearing in front of him!
“My good daughter, after searching for you for so many years, I finally see you, you finally came home.”
“After the destruction of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, do you know how worried father was about you?”
“In the future, if there are any more difficulties, remember to come home, no matter what, father is your strong backing!”
Zhu Yuanji cried bitterly, his eyes full of heartache!
His own daughter must have suffered a lot of sins and bitterness all these years outside!
“Father, I …… really don’t want to involve the Zhu Family Town, so I haven’t dared to go home.”
“I know it’s wrong, in the future I will never let father be sad …… again.”
Zhu Qingxiu also followed and cried!
Zhu Qingyue’s eyes were also red when she saw this!
The family is finally reunited ……
“Master, Qi Heng from Qi Jia Town is here, he’s got the news that Second Miss is back.”
At this time, Liu Bo came and said!
As soon as she heard that Qi Heng had come, Zhu Qing Yue’s brows tightened, her face full of disgust!
Zhu Yuanji’s brows were also knitted together, if he wasn’t forced to, he wouldn’t have made things difficult for his daughter!
“Father, Xiao Yue is going to marry that Qi Heng, isn’t this a flower stuck in cow dung?”
“That Qi Heng is strangely ugly not to mention, but also an animal, even when I was in the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, I have heard of it, that Qi Heng rapes women and bullies children ……”
“That is simply not a human being, even if it is for the sake of profit, you can’t let your sister go and sacrifice ah ……”
Zhu Qingxiu questioned Zhu Yuanji.
After Zhu Yuanji heard this, he couldn’t help but sigh and said, “Hey, what can I do ah, when the Ten Thousand Swords Sect was glorious, you were inside the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, and you were able to back us up in the Zhu Family Town.”
“But now the Ten Thousand Swords Sect has been destroyed, while that Qi Family Town has someone to back it up, and doesn’t even put our Zhu Family Town in their eyes anymore.”
“If I don’t agree and marry your sister off, I’m afraid that there will be no one left in our Zhu Family Town with tens of thousands of mouths to feed!”
Zhu Yuan Ji also had a helpless face, as the Zhen Fu Si of Zhu Jia Zhen, of course he had to consider for everyone in Zhu Jia Zhen before he could do so!