“Hahaha, don’t bother, you don’t even have a sword in your hand anymore, it’s simply impossible for you to break through this big net of ours.”
“It’s better to obediently tie up your hands and be captured ……”
The man in green smiled triumphantly!
Just as the man in green was approaching towards Zhu Qingxiu, suddenly a figure violently cut through the void and immediately arrived in front of Zhu Qingxiu!
Accompanied by a flash of golden light, the large net that bound Zhu Qingxiu was directly cut through, and Zhu Qingxiu escaped from that large net!
When the several demonic cultivators saw this, they were stunned, while the young man frowned and said, “Who are you guys? Dare to spoil our good deed?”
It was only at this moment that Zhu Qingxiu could see that the person who had saved her was Chen Ping!
“You five big old men are dealing with a weak woman, are you still not f*cking men?”
“No wonder you all cultivate demonic skills and are willing to become demonic cultivators, so you’re all guys with no balls.”
Chen Ping turned to the five devil cultivators and said with mockery!
When the five people heard this, they were instantly enraged, and a bloodthirsty chill emanated from their eyes!
These five people were not true Devil Race, but human cultivators who cultivated Devil Arts and turned into Devil Cultivators!
This kind of devil cultivator had the lowest status in the devil race, and they only made this decision in order to quickly raise their cultivation!
Now Chen Ping’s one sentence had revealed the scars of the five people, that was why they were so furious!
“Kid, you’re a small cultivator of the seventh level of the Ferrying Realm and you dare to talk to us like this, you’re tired of living!”
The man in green waved his palm, and the large net that had been chopped open by Chen Ping unexpectedly closed up and enveloped towards Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu!
Seeing this, Chen Ping once again held the Dragon Slashing Sword and directly chopped towards the large net!
“Be careful, don’t let this big net touch your body ……”
Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu hurriedly reminded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not understand what Zhu Qingxiu meant, the Dragon Sword in his hand had already touched the large net!
Along with the sword’s awnings shooting out in all directions, the large net was instantly chopped to pieces!
The net was chopped to pieces, but the man in green didn’t seem to be in a hurry at all, instead, the corner of his mouth raised a cold smile!
Just when Chen Ping did not understand what this guy was trying to do, the shattered large nets unexpectedly kept falling onto Chen Ping!
Immediately after these shattered large nets fell onto Chen Ping, they became twisted and wrapped Chen Ping up in death!
“Hahaha, do you think that you will be able to escape by breaking this large net?”
The man in green laughed out loud!
“This thing of yours is a bit interesting ……”
Chen Ping looked at the large net that bound him, instead of being afraid, he was very interested now!
“Quickly break free, quickly break free, this big net is not only capable of binding actions, it will also attack the divine sense and make you delirious.”
Seeing that Chen Ping was bound by the large net, Zhu Qingxiu hurriedly reminded!
Just as the words had finished being spoken, Chen Ping felt a strange aura from the large net that was constantly burrowing towards his body!
This aura was constantly attacking his sea of consciousness, blurring his divine sense and finally reaching the result of being controlled!
Chen Ping laughed, just this kind of divine sense attack, if it was able to break through his sea of consciousness, that would really be a joke!
Not to mention the fact that he had the Great Luo Golden Canon in his sea of consciousness, as far as the remnants of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s soul guarding his sea of consciousness, these petty things, wanting to break through Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, was simply impossible!
“Aiya, my head hurts, why do I feel like I’m going stupid?”
Chen Ping suddenly covered his head and cried out in pain!
Zhu Qingxiu was simply, instantly anxious and scratching her ears, but did she have any way, she didn’t even have a weapon in her hand, and there was no way to help Chen Ping get rid of that big net!
“Hahaha …… you fool, in a moment you will be at my mercy, I’ll let you do a striptease ……”
When the man in green saw Chen Ping in that state, he burst out laughing!