“Don’t worry, I’ll be responsible for anything that comes up.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Seeing this, the examiner could only take Chen Ping’s box and slowly open it!
Inside the box was a dan recipe, a fifth grade top grade dan recipe, and it was random so that there was no possibility of cheating for the person taking the test!
After taking out the recipe, the examiner opened it, then with a wave of his hand, the two people unexpectedly appeared in an area of medicinal herbs, where there were countless medicinal herbs, thousands of them, all kinds of rare medicinal herbs!
But Chen Ping knew that these were all just illusions, if there really was such an area of medicinal herbs in Jialing County, it was estimated that all the cultivators in the entire Celestial Realm would be thinking about it!
“Alright, you can go among these herbs and look for the herbs used in the Dan recipe according to the Dan recipe.”
The examiner said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, and his body leapt up, sweeping straight over those thousands of medicinal herbs!
Chen Ping merely swept over this herb before rejoining the examiner!
Seeing that Chen Ping had returned, the examiner reminded him, “There is a time limit for searching for herbs, if you do not pick the correct herbs within the time limit, you will fail the test.”
“I know, I’ve already finished picking ……”
Chen Ping said, his palm spread forward, not knowing when, Chen Ping had several more herbs in his hand!
The examiner was stunned, he hadn’t even noticed when Chen Ping had picked the herbs, and Chen Ping had actually finished picking them already?
That was too fast, wasn’t it?
“It’s useless to be fast, you have to be correct.”
The examiner said, and began to compare the herbs in Chen Ping’s hand!
How could anyone correctly pick all the herbs in such a short amount of time!
But when the examiner finished checking, he was frozen in his tracks!
Because Chen Ping had picked them all correctly!
“This …… this …………”
“How could it be so fast? Did he cheat?”
The examiner was filled with incredulity!
He had never seen such a speed before, even though he knew how many medicine masters he had tested!
“Examiner, it’s not like I cheated, you should know best, the two of us were together the whole time.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Sorry, I just feel shocked, a speed like yours has never been seen before.”
The examiner also knew that he had said something wrong, so he hurriedly apologised!
“So, am I considered to have passed this level of the test?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Yes, and you even broke the record, I am afraid that no one will be able to break your record in this assessment field in the future!”
The examiner nodded, and then with a wave of his hand, the two of them reappeared inside that room!
The examiner took Chen Ping out of the room!
Seeing this, Zhu Zhu went up to him and asked, “How did you do? Did you pass this level?”
Zhu Zhu couldn’t see what happened to the two men in the illusion, so she asked!
“Not only did you pass, but you also broke the record ……”
The examiner said in shock!
“Broken record?” Zhu Zhu froze, and then looked at Chen Ping with a face full of disbelief!
She couldn’t believe that Chen Ping had managed to pass the first level of the Fifth Grade Upper Pill Master Examination!
She had heard that there were thousands of medicinal herbs in this first level of the test, and that they had to find the herbs they needed within a very short period of time to do so!
How could Chen Ping have passed?
And he even broke the record?
“It couldn’t have been a blind cat that ran into a dead rat, could it? But let me tell you, there can be an element of luck in this first level, but there can’t be any luck in alchemy.”
“You will only be considered to have officially succeeded in the test if you refine a fifth grade top grade elixir, so you don’t need to be complacent now!”
Zhu Zhu said to Chen Ping!
“It’s just a fifth grade superior elixir, it’s not that difficult, as long as I have the right herbs, I can practice it in minutes!”
Chen Ping said with the corner of his mouth raised!