“These Yin Evil Qi are a good thing, they can’t go to waste ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly towards the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign.
This time, it could make the Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns look dumbfounded.
These Yin Evil Qi, which contained severe poison, also carried a terrifying spiritual attack, yet Chen Ping acted as if nothing was wrong, and even sucked these Yin Evil Qi into his body.
“How is this …… this …… this possible?”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign was dumbfounded, his face full of disbelief!
“Seven Deadly Star Sovereign, is this what you’re capable of?”
Zhu Zhishan asked as he looked at the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign with a dissatisfied expression.
At this moment, the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign couldn’t figure out even if he thought about it, what kind of gongfu this Chen Ping had practiced, that he had no reaction to his own mental attacks!
“I just don’t believe it ……”
After the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign finished speaking, he directly pulled out a porcelain vial, followed by fiercely filling it into his mouth!
Instantly, the bloody smell came to his nose, and what it contained was actually human blood!
Only to see human blood flowing out along the corners of the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s mouth, a very horrible and frightening appearance.
After the blood went down, the aura of the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign became very terrifying!
It was as if he had changed into a different person, even his aura had changed.
When Chen Ping saw this, his brows furrowed and the killing aura on his body rose up, “Evil cultivator, D*mn you ……”
“I think it is you who deserve to die ……”
With his hands draped in black mist, the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign let out a low roar and attacked directly towards Chen Ping!
The air was filled with the sound of breaking air, and a sound similar to a shrill whistle was emitted from the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s mouth!
This sound was so penetrating that it seemed to shatter one’s eardrums!
Chen Ping stood quietly, his gaze bitingly looking at the Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns.
Just after the Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns reached him, Chen Ping slapped his palm over.
A soft white light emanated from Chen Ping’s body!
Boom ……
It was like a thunderclap on a clear sky, followed by a flash of white light!
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s body instantly flew backwards, and black mist continued to emerge from his body, which then shot up into the sky and instantly disappeared without a trace!
“Ah …………”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign let out a miserable scream!
At this moment, his entire body was enveloped by that white light, as if his entire body was in the midst of a blazing flame, and as the black fog continued to emerge, the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s miserable screams became more and more intense!
In the end, the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign was completely silent, and the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s entire body had curled up into a ball, and the bones and muscles of his body had all contracted to their limits!
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign was dead, a tragic and miserable death ……
Looking at the Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns who died tragically, Zhu Zhishan’s face changed and changed, not knowing whether it was anger or fear!
The elder beside Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, had eyes filled with horror, he didn’t even dare to look directly at Chen Ping!
“It’s your turn next ……”
After killing the Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns, Chen Ping looked coldly at Zhu Zhishan: “I wanted to go to Kyoto to find you, but I didn’t expect you to come to my door of your own accord!”
Zhu Zhishan withdrew his gaze from the Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns, and then looked coldly at Chen Ping: “It is not certain who will die today, so don’t be too arrogant!”
After saying this, Zhu Zhishan’s body began to flicker with light, and his body slowly floated up.
He knew that in today’s battle, he had to go all out, so from the very beginning, Zhu Zhishan mobilised all his aura.
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not dare to take it too lightly, his body glowing with golden light, his Unbreakable Golden Body unleashed, a dazzling and dazzling scale covering Chen Ping’s entire body.
The power of the divine dragon within his body was also mobilised by Chen Ping.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were scarlet in colour, and his eyes were filled with killing intent as he looked at Zhu Zhishan!
As long as he killed Zhu Zhishan, he would be able to save Su Yuqi ……
So today Zhu Zhishan must die!
Chen Ping must also give his all to do so, this time both of them are fighting to the death!