This was awkward, none of them knew Zhu Huang City, how could they go and take the transmission array ah!
“Mr Chen, I think there are definitely people in this Yellow and Blue City who will also go to Zhu Huang City to take the transmission array to the Southern Domain, or else let’s find someone to take us there.”
Ji Yun said!
Chen Ping, however, shook his head, it was so hard to sneak out of Yellow Blue City, if he was going back, he would definitely let Ji Lianjun know, and then at that time, he would invite himself back and follow those women of the Ji family to have intercourse, Chen Ping would not do it!
Just when the three of them were at a loss for words, a clear and loud voice rang out!
“You guys want to go to Zhu Huang City, let me find someone for you.”
Only Ji Meiyan walked out from behind them and said!
“Big sister ……” Seeing Ji Meiyan, Ji Yun was a little surprised!
Chen Ping also didn’t expect Ji Meiyan to sneak out of the city with them and was also surprised “Miss Ji, how did you follow me?”
“I know you guys are leaving, can’t I still see you off?”
“Whether we have feelings or not, but after all, my first time was given to you, then you are the man I can’t forget in this lifetime.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t pester you, you guys follow me ……”
Ji Meiyan finished speaking and turned towards the city!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only follow Ji Meiyan back into the city!
Ji Meiyan brought Chen Ping and the three of them to a remote compound, then went up and knocked on the door!
Soon, the door to the room opened and a girl of a similar age to Ji Meiyan walked out!
Upon seeing Ji Meiyan, the girl looked a little surprised.
“Meiyan, why are you here?” The girl finished speaking, then looked warily at Chen Ping and the three of them behind Ji Meiyan!
“There’s no need to be nervous, the three of them are my relatives.”
Ji Meiyan said!
Hearing Ji Meiyan say this, the girl then relaxed her guard and dodged away saying “Please come in ……”
Ji Meiyan led Chen Ping and the others into the remote compound!
When walked into the time, the void a vibration, followed by Chen Ping all the scenes in front of their eyes have changed, looking at the outside is very remote and dilapidated small courtyard!
After walking in it turned out to be a very luxurious manor, the buildings and pavilions inside were very beautiful!
Ji Meiyan behaved very calmly, it seems that she came here, but Chen Ping and the three of them were a bit shocked!
Chen Ping had not thought that within this ordinary compound, there was another side of heaven and earth hidden!
What kind of person was it that was able to open up such a tiny side of the world and live in it!
Could it be that the owner of this place, would have a spatial origin and could open up space?
Looking at Chen Ping and the three of them that look, Ji Meiyan explained “This is the opening of a party space, you do not need to be nervous ……”.
“Big sister, this yellow blue city there is such a high person, can open up a party space alone ah?”
Ji Yun was very emotional!
“I’ll explain it to you later!” Ji Meiyan finished, catching up with the girl just now and asked “Qiannan, does Uncle Cai still go to the Southern Region recently?”
“Going ah, I should be leaving in the next day or two, this time I’m with my dad.”
Cai Qiannan nodded and said!
“These three friends of mine also want to go to the Southern Region, so ……”
“I’m afraid that’s not possible, if it was a few days earlier it would still be possible, but now that the personnel has been set, I’m afraid there’s no room.”
Cai Qiannan didn’t wait for Ji Meiyan to finish and said with a difficult look on her face!
“I’ll meet Uncle Cai first and then we’ll talk.”
Ji Meiyan said!
Cai Qian Nan brought a few people into the hall and then left, presumably to find her father!
After Cai Qiannan left, Ji Meiyan then explained to Chen Ping and the others!
“This side of space, is not which high person opened up, this is a space opened up with an ancient magic weapon, to maintain this side of space, it requires quite a few spirit stones.”
Ji Meiyan said!