“Shhh, keep your voice down, be careful of getting you arrested in the brig.”Missy hurriedly signalled Chen Ping to keep his voice down!
“These people, why are they stopping the human and demonic cultivators from entering the city?”Chen Ping asked!
“The Human and Demon Race cultivators are dissatisfied and often conspire to gather and want to overthrow the City Lord, that’s why they are prevented from entering the city.”
Missy said!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he understood, in this area, most of the territory was beast race, so all kinds of resources would definitely be tilted towards the beast race!
While the human and demon race personnel occupied a minority, they were definitely not well fed or warm in this place!
Over time, resistance would form, and the Beast Race would suppress it!
This kind of situation would happen no matter if it was the Secular Realm, the Celestial Realm or the future Heavenly Realm, after all, this was the law!
“Let’s go, it’s our turn in line ……”
The youngest sister pulled Chen Ping, and then walked towards the Beast City!
Chen Ping shielded all of his breath, only exposing his beast race breath, even so, Chen Ping’s heart was still a little apprehensive!
Obviously the burly man had just done the same, only to be probed by the other party and then lose his life!
Chen Ping also had to be careful, after all, this Beast City was different from other places!
When the time came, if he really encountered danger, he would not even have anyone to help him!
Even Mr Shi was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to find this place, then it would be troublesome, wouldn’t he be dead?
So Chen Ping was very careful at the moment, his heart was in his throat!
However, when Missy led Chen Ping into the Beast City, Chen Ping’s hanging heart was released!
It seemed that the other party still hadn’t found out about themselves, otherwise they wouldn’t have been able to enter the city so easily!
The youngest sister followed Chen Ping into the city soon, and soon came several cultivators wearing white long shirts!
Several cultivators had smiles on their faces and looked very close!
But a few cultivators just close, the youngest sister is showing some impatience: “Go go go, go aside, we have a place to live, but also understand the rules of the beast city, more do not need to lead the way!”
Seeing the youngest sister this expression, several cultivators froze, then the smile on their faces disappeared, and gave the youngest sister a glance and left!
Chen Ping was very strange, asked the youngest sister, “What do these several cultivators do?”
“These guys are the ones who solicit customers and then give explanations about the rules of the Beast City, but these guys are liars and can’t be trusted!”
“All of them are empty gloves, if they catch a cultivator who is unfamiliar with Beast City, they will be able to squeeze them clean.”
“Don’t look at a face full of smiles, very close look, a more than a heart black, fortunately you ran into me, let me bring you here, otherwise you have resources on the treasure, all to be cheated clean by them.”
The youngest sister followed Chen Ping and introduced!
“These crooks, doesn’t Beast City care either? Doesn’t Beast City have a law enforcement team and strict rules?”
Chen Ping asked with some confusion!
“The rules are for people like us, like those guys just now, they are all making offerings to the City Lord’s Mansion, how could they possibly care.”
Missy was clearly carrying anger as she said this!
Chen Ping could not help but smile, it seemed that this Celestial Realm was no different from the secular world!
It was just that the cultivators of the Celestial Realm lived longer!
In terms of human feelings, following the worldly realm was the same!
“According to you, isn’t it true that if you have enough money, you will be able to save your brother from the prison?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Of course, as long as there are enough Purple Gold Spirit Coins, one will be able to save my brother from the dungeon and can do a medical parole.”
“Only I don’t have any money, I can only spend some money to give it to the jailer, so that my brother will suffer less.”
The youngest sister was in a low mood and said with tears in her eyes!
“How many Violet Gold Spirit Coins are needed to save your brother?”Chen Ping asked!
“Five hundred Purple Gold Spirit Coins, it’s simply astronomical, it’s impossible for me to come up with enough in my lifetime.”
Missy said!