If he could really break through to the Purgatory stage and then go to Nameless Island, Chen Ping would be well-informed, after all, Old Dragon Head was asking him to reach the Foundation Establishment stage before July 15th and then go to Nameless Island, probably even Old Dragon Head didn’t expect Chen Ping’s cultivation speed to be so fast!
“Chen Ping, what do you need such a pile of broken stones for if you don’t want the gems?”
Song Tie asked, puzzled, as he walked into Chen Ping’s villa courtyard.
“You don’t understand, these are broken stones to you, but they are treasures to me!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Can’t understand you!” Song Tie rolled his eyes, and then said, “My father asked me to tell you that these are the only stones like this for now, I don’t know if there are any more underground, they have been transported on equipment and will be mined soon, if there are still more underneath the digging, my father will send someone to continue sending them to you!”
“Hmm, got it, I’m going to practice in the last few days, you’d better not disturb me!”
Chen Ping said to Song Tie!
“Oh!” Song Tie had a few moments of loss on his face as he turned around and walked out!
Chen Ping knew what Song Zu De meant, he always asked Song Tie to come over and deliver news to him, and he asked Song Tie to bring him food, just to let himself follow Song Tie and rub some sparks, but Chen Ping already had Su Yuqi, he wouldn’t neglect her!
As Song Tie walked back, Chen Ping sat on his knees, looking at the mountain of spiritual stones in front of him, feeling the ocean of spiritual energy, Chen Ping started to cultivate!
Chen Ping was thirsty for such a huge amount of spiritual energy, and every pore of his body opened up and absorbed it with impunity, while within Chen Ping’s dantian, the Heart Condensation Skill was running at its maximum, constantly refining the absorbed spiritual energy!
One day, two days, three days …………
The spirit stones were diminishing at a rate visible to the naked eye, and Chen Ping closed his eyes slightly, long since he had not heard of the world’s affairs, and had even forgotten the time!
Just as Chen Ping was cultivating, Su Yuqi in the provincial city was bored inside the villa every day!
Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix had arranged a large number of people around the villa to protect Su Yuqi, and even Bai Zhan Tang had personally arrived in the provincial city, since Chen Ping had explained this before he left, Bai Zhan Tang did not dare to be sloppy!
Luckily there was still Gu Ling’er with her every day, so Su Yuqi wouldn’t be bored to death!
“This Chen Ping, he’s been gone for a few days now and still hasn’t come back, not even a word, no one answers his phone, I wonder if something has happened?”
Su Yuqi frowned, a little worried about Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, your family’s Chen Ping is very capable, what could have happened? Just don’t be pestered by some little girl, you know he is very attractive to little girls.”
Gu Ling’er joked at Su Yuqi!
“I see if you like him too?” Su Yuqi asked as she looked at Gu Ling’er.
“What are you …… talking nonsense about? I don’t like him!”
Although Gu Ling’er said this, her face turned red in a puff of air!
“Haha, still saying you don’t like him, you’re blushing, if you like him, I’ll let you have him!”
Su Yuqi laughed and joked after Su Yuqi!
Seeing Su Yuqi say this, Gu Ling’er’s face turned cold: “Yuqi, you can’t make jokes like this in the future, you can find a boyfriend like Chen Ping, you should know how to cherish it, in fact, every girl would like someone as outstanding as Chen Ping, I also want to find a boyfriend like him, but unfortunately my life is not as good as yours, so you should cherish what you have now, don’t be talking nonsense! Don’t talk nonsense!”
Su Yuqi also put away her smile and took Gu Ling’er’s hand, “Ling’er, don’t worry, I’m sure you can find a boyfriend you like, maybe even better than Chen Ping!”
Gu Ling’er smiled, “You don’t need to comfort me, my heart is already dead …………”
Gu Ling’er said, her eyes looked out of the window, her heart had been broken by that Qin Feng!