“Since you are not willing to submit to my Gao family, then suffer death ……”
Gao Qijie smiled coldly, then beckoned provocatively towards that tile jar!
It looks like this Gao Qijie is not afraid of the tile jar at all, although both of them have the same realm, but it looks like Gao Qijie is a bit stronger!
The tile tank looked at Gao Qijie angrily, his eyebrows furrowed tightly!
He also knew that he was no match for Gao Qijie in terms of strength, but now that he was in the ring, there was no way for him to retreat!
After a moment’s hesitation, he gritted his teeth and waved his axe towards Gao Qijie!
The huge axe tore through the void and instantly reached Gao Qijie’s face, slashing down fiercely towards him!
Gao Qijie laughed coldly and stepped backwards lightly, followed by a cloud of white mist coming out from his fingertips, and then he flicked his finger at the huge axe of the tile jar!
In an instant, an extremely cold aura spread out from the ring to the surroundings, the crowd could only feel the air suddenly cold and could not help but tighten their clothes!
And when they looked at the axe in the hand of the tile jar, it was rapidly turning into frost, and the frost was spreading towards the arm of the jar!
The frost was spreading towards his arm!
But the cold air didn’t disappear when he dropped his axe, instead the cold air started to spread around the ring through the axe!
The large ring was instantly frosted over and completely frozen over. Seeing this, Vajra knew he had no place to hide, so he leapt up, intending to jump out of the ring!
Although jumping out of the ring would mean losing, at least he could save his life!
But just as he leapt up, Gao Qijie also moved and leapt up, followed by a fierce kick to the huge body of the tank!
Boom! …………
The body of the tile tank hit the ring hard, and his feet soon frosted over, making it impossible for the tile tank to move!
“Ahh …………”
With a furious roar, Vajang’s body steeply rose, and his aura climbed to the peak of the third rank of the Combined Body Realm in an instant!
An aura of great strength and dominance erupted from within Vajra’s body!
The frost on Wajang’s legs also began to slowly break apart, and was finally broken free by Wajang.
“Hmph, even the beast power within your body was used, but unfortunately it’s useless, you are bound to die today!”
Gao Qijie snorted coldly as he swung his palms downwards violently!
Only to see a pillar of ice suddenly appear out of thin air from the ring, this pillar of ice, like a sharp pointed knife, headed straight for that tile jar!
Seeing this, he roared again and slammed his fists into the ring, spreading a huge force through the ring in all directions!
This force followed the collision of the icicles that kept appearing in the ring, making a rumbling sound!
The icicles all shattered and turned into a white mist!
The white mist instantly swallowed up the tank and its figure disappeared from the ring!
As the crowd was wondering, the white mist disappeared and the body of the tank reappeared!
However, the whole body was frozen and could not move, only one pair of eyes and the mouth were still moving!
The corners of Gao Qijie’s mouth lifted as he walked up to the vat and said, “Now you know how powerful I am, don’t you? I am asking you, are you willing to serve my Gao family?”
“I’ve said it before, even if I die, I will not be loyal to your Gao family!”
Although the tile jar was already under control, it still didn’t give in!
“Good boy, since you don’t pledge your allegiance, then go to hell ……”
After Gao Qijie finished speaking, a cold aura flashed in his eyes, followed by his too palm slapping towards the tile tank!