The sea was calm and there were no small islands at all!
This made Liu Xing, who had been hanging on by a thread, finally breathe a sigh of relief!
But at that moment, suddenly the calm sea surface started to lift the waves, and the waves kept hitting Chen Ping’s trunk, forcing them to change direction!
“There is no wind here, how come the waves are coming?”
Liu Rui asked curiously.
Chen Ping, however, had a grave face and said loudly, “Be careful, there is a demon beast ……”
Chen Ping’s words made everyone tense up.
The sea level was filled with more than a dozen large figures, and the waves were created by these beasts!
The waves were created by these demonic beasts! And there were demonic beasts leaping up from the sea surface and then slapping heavily on the sea surface, causing Chen Ping and the others a lot of trouble!
“Demon beasts of the Martial God realm, this is too scary ……”
Hu Pazi looked at the beasts and was shocked!
He had never seen such powerful demon beasts before, and there were more than a dozen of them!
Facing the chase of more than a dozen demon beasts, Long Xing Xu finally failed to control his body and fell into the sea at once!
Even though Long Xing Xu was now a Martial Saint, he would only be food for the Martial God realm beasts in the sea!
When he saw Long Xing Xu fall into the sea, Chen Ping leapt forward with his toes pointing, just like a giant alligator spreading its wings, and grabbed Long Xing Xu and carried him up.
“Master Hu, you guys go first, I’ll kill these beasts and then talk ……”
Chen Ping said to Hu Ma Zi.
“Chen Ping, you have to be careful, there are so many demon beasts and they are in the sea ……”
Hu Pazi said to Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, these demon beasts will send themselves to the door, just in time for me to take their animal pills ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing.
After entering the sea, Chen Ping deliberately emitted his aura to attract those demon beasts to chase him!
Soon, all around Chen Ping, there were a lot of beasts with a strong aura surrounding Chen Ping!
These beasts were clearly working as a team, each with its own position, blocking all of Chen Ping’s paths!
Roar!
A demonic beast the size of a killer whale opened its bloody mouth and swallowed Chen Ping in one gulp!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body burst into a golden light and the dragon crystal inside his body emitted the power of a divine dragon, forming a bubble of air around Chen Ping so that he could move freely in the water!
Facing the beast with its mouth open, Chen Ping threw a fist at it!
The terrifying spiritual power came out instantly, sending waves several metres high into the water, but the punch only slowed down the beast’s attack and did not kill it!
Chen Ping was astonished, knowing that his punch was powerful enough to beat the beast to a pulp, but how could it not kill it?
As the beast approached, Chen Ping swung his fist again, but the result was still the same.
Soon, Chen Ping realised that the sea water would consume a lot of Chen Ping’s strength as he fought in the water, so the power of his punches would be cancelled out by the sea water, and would be much weaker when he hit the beast.
Unless the beast’s strength is much lower than his own, but now he is facing a beast of the Martial God realm, it is almost impossible for Chen Ping to kill a beast with one punch!
Seeing that he couldn’t kill them quickly, Chen Ping could only dart deeper and deeper, while the beasts were in hot pursuit!