However, Ji Meiyan did not move, but asked Chen Ping “Chen Ping, feelings can be cultivated, we are not also without feelings, you still slept with me ……”
“That was for me to enter your Ji family’s ancestral land ……”
Chen Ping said expressionlessly!
Chen Ping knew that he was going to leave the Ji Family, and it was possible that he would never come here again, so he didn’t want Ji Meiyan to get emotionally attached to him!
He wanted to hurt Ji Meiyan so that Ji Meiyan wouldn’t think about him!
Sure enough, Chen Ping’s words made Ji Meiyan freeze, her body trembling slightly “You ……”
Ji Meiyan did not know what to say, after all, everything was her own initiative, Chen Ping was just a passive recipient!
“Sister, let’s go, it’s too embarrassing ……”
Ji Meiling pulled Ji Meiyan to leave!
She also did not expect this outcome, two twin beauties, naked in front of Chen Ping, Chen Ping was indifferent!
Maybe Chen Ping really wasn’t like other men, or maybe Chen Ping resented treating him like a stallion!
Chen Ping casually threw out his hand, and a bed sheet wrapped up Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling’s bodies!
The two women were dumbfounded, not knowing what Chen Ping was going to do, but found that Chen Ping’s divine sense was cold and said “Come out ……”
Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling looked around and did not find anyone, they did not know who Chen Ping was talking after!
Along with a fluctuation in the void, an old man soon appeared out of thin air inside the room!
And this old man was no one else but the Great Ancestor of the Ji Family!
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling hurriedly both knelt down to pay their respects, with strong doubts in their eyes!
It was said that their Great Ancestor would never come out of the Ancestral Ground, but now he even appeared here!
“You two go out first, I have some words to say after the lad!”
The Great Ancestor waved his hand!
Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling obediently retreated!
After the two of them exited, Tai Zu turned to Chen Ping and said “Two beautiful women are in front of you, and you are able to remain indifferent?”
“It’s not true that I’m a man, but I’m not a tool for your Ji family to enhance their bloodline.”
Chen Ping’s complexion was somewhat less than impressive!
“Hahaha, some personality, but I can exchange with you, as long as you are following the two of them to sleep tonight, I can pass on to you, my lifelong mastery, after all, you are also considered half of the Ji family.”
Tai Zu said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was immediately interested “What is your mastery?”
“I can demonstrate it to you, if you’re interested, then we’ll make an exchange!”
The Great Ancestor said, suddenly stretching out a finger with a strand of bizarre aura flowing on it!
Immediately following Tai Zu’s finger, a table instantly shattered!
Shattering a table with his breath was nothing special, not to mention using his finger, even if it was Chen Ping’s body shaking right now, it could turn all this furniture inside the room into powder!
Chen Ping did not understand, what kind of mastery was this move of the Ji Family’s Great Ancestor?
“Just this?”
Chen Ping’s face was filled with disdain as he said!
Tai Zu smiled faintly “Take a closer look ……”
Chen Ping did not understand what Tai Zu was asking him to look at, so he asked “What are you asking me to look at?”
“Of course it’s to look at the smashed table.”
Tai Zu said!
Chen Ping looked towards the shattered table and was surprised to find that the pieces of the table had stayed the moment they shattered and did not fall apart in pieces, as if they had suddenly been frozen in place!
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open, his entire body was as if he had been struck by lightning, his face full of incredulity!
But next, an even more unbelievable one appeared!
The table that had originally been split apart by a single finger had once again condensed, and then appeared intact in its original position!
Chen Ping hurriedly rubbed his eyes, unable to believe what was in front of him.