This was the Blood and Bone Sect’s compound, and Di Chongjing’s divine soul desperately rushed here after escaping!
“Second senior brother, save me, second senior brother save me ……”
Di Chongjing shouted, fear tinged in his voice!
From within the great hall, a man wearing a grey robe with a string of white bones on his chest walked out!
The white bones on this man’s chest were actually a single head, which looked very terrifying!
This man was Di Chong Jing’s second senior brother, Tan Rongkun, a fellow whose ruthlessness was many times higher than Di Chong Jing’s!
Only back then when their master wasn’t dead, this Tan Rongkun was very good at disguising himself, so much so that Patriarch Jiang couldn’t believe that his second senior brother would even do such a thing!
“Senior brother, what’s going on? How come you only have a wisp of your divine soul left? Where is your physical body?”
“Didn’t I tell you to go and destroy Third Senior Brother’s Soul Demon Sect? How did it become like this?”
Tan Rongkun asked as he looked at Di Chongjing with a surprised expression!
As he spoke, one of the skulls in front of Tan Rongkun’s chest unexpectedly emitted an eerie green light!
“Second Senior Brother, I failed, the people I brought with me all died, I ended up giving up my physical body to be able to escape.”
Di Chongjing said in horror!
Di Chongjing trembled when he thought of Chen Ping’s methods of dealing with himself!
“How could that be? Could it be that Third Senior Brother is even stronger than you? This shouldn’t be ah?”
Tan Rongkun was puzzled!
“No. Originally, I was about to get it, but it’s just a pity that third senior brother came to help, an unknown young man helped him.”
“That young man is very strong, although it looks like he’s only at the seventh rank of the Ferrying Realm, the strength that erupts is by no means inferior to the second rank of the Mahayana Realm.”
“And this young man also has the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand, and is also holding a token from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, very uncomplicated.”
Di Chongjing explained!
“A token from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty? Could it be that it’s the prince of the Xiao Dynasty? But I haven’t heard that the Xiao Dynasty’s royal son has this kind of strength.”
Tan Rongkun frowned slightly and said with a grave expression.
“No, I know Emperor Xiao, this young man is by no means Emperor Xiao’s son, I just don’t know what kind of relationship he has with Emperor Xiao Dynasty, and in his hands, he would have the token of Emperor Xiao Dynasty.”
Di Chongjing shook his head, after all, he had also spent some time in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and knew the Xiao Imperial Prince.
“Then why didn’t you use your bone flute to summon demonic beasts to deal with them? There must be quite a few demonic beasts in the dense forest near the Soul Demon Sect, so it should be easy to summon hundreds of them at random, right?”
Tan Rongkun continued to ask.
“Ai, don’t mention it, I used my bone flute to summon the demonic beasts, but unfortunately, that brat actually had a divine beast with flames, although the divine beast was small, it was full of a majestic aura, which scared all those demonic beasts away.”
“My bone flute was also snatched away, if I wasn’t smart, I’m afraid that my godly form would have been destroyed by now.”
Di Chongjing said with a palpitating heart.
“It’s really strange, never heard of the Celestial Realm still having such a powerful young man ah, there is a devil whip in his hand, and some kind of divine beast, the seventh grade of the Transitional Realm realm, yet he can explode with a strength not weaker than the second grade of the Mahayana Realm, why do I feel that what you said is somewhat unrealistic?”
Tan Rongkun couldn’t figure out how there could be such a young man in the Celestial Realm.
Xiao Dynasty was considered a big power in the Celestial Realm, and there were countless resources in Xiao Dynasty, even so, Xiao Dynasty’s royal son didn’t have this kind of ability, who else in the Celestial Realm would be able to cultivate such a bullish young man?
“Second senior brother, I really didn’t lie to you, if I have a lie, I’m willing to suffer the pain of the Nine Thunders Heavenly Robbery!”
Seeing that Tan Rongkun wasn’t quite convinced, Di Chongjing hurriedly raised his hand and swore!
“Fourth Senior Brother, you don’t need to swear either, I’m just saying it casually.”
“You go ahead and reshape your flesh, I still have some things to do, when I come back from my errands, I’ll follow you to the Soul Demon Sect to seek justice.”