Seeing this scene, everyone tensed up, not understanding what was going on, fearing that it was some sort of formation that had been suddenly activated again!
Chen Ping looked at the glowing dragon pattern and then turned around and touched another stone pillar!
The eyes of the dragon on that pillar glowed brightly!
Seeing this, Chen Ping started to touch one stone pillar after another!
By the time Chen Ping touched the last pillar, the whole square was already illuminated by the light, and the light was slowly forming a dragon in mid-air!
Everyone was shocked at the appearance of the dragon in mid-air!
A thunderous rumble …………
The whole square began to tremble, and the stone doors behind them slammed shut in an instant!
This time, these people couldn’t even run away if they wanted to!
“Chen Ping, what the hell have you done? Are you trying to kill us?”
Tong Youzhe cursed at Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping didn’t care about him at all, he just stared at the dragon, then his body slowly floated up and finally met the dragon with his eyes!
Chen Ping slowly stretched out his hand and tried to touch the dragon.
But with the dragon’s roar, a huge force came and Chen Ping’s body was knocked out like a leaf, hitting the stone wall and falling down immediately!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Liu Rui saw this and rushed forward to check and found that Chen Ping had blood on the corners of his mouth!
He was wounded by the dragon’s roar!
When Tong Youcai and Leng Yun saw this scene, they looked so nervous that they were all on guard to prevent the dragon from attacking them!
The square trembled even more as the eighteen stone pillars began to collapse one after another, sending a plume of smoke!
Rocks cracked and splattered everywhere!
Everyone was dodging for fear of being hit!
Then the dragon roared again and came crashing down from the sky!
The dragon’s body hit the ground so hard that the ground collapsed instantly!
Everyone was almost stunned, and when they looked into the middle of the square, the dragon had disappeared, but a dark underground pa*sage had appeared!
This underground pa*sage stretched underground, without a trace of light, as if it led to the 18th floor of hell!
No one dared to be the first one to go in because no one knew what would happen to the first one to go in!
Chen Ping looked towards the pa*sage and then a flame rose from his palm, illuminating the whole pa*sage!
Then Chen Ping walked straight in, since he was here, no matter what difficulties he encountered, Chen Ping would not give up!
Chen Ping entered, followed by Liu Rui, followed by Lao Liu!
Leng Yun and Tong Youzhu were outside, but they couldn’t decide what to do.
They were afraid of the dragon that had just appeared. If the dragon was in the pa*sage, they would not even have a chance to escape!
“Leng Yun, why don’t you go in?”
Tong Youzhao looked at Leng Yun and asked.
“Why don’t you go in?” Leng Yun asked in return.
“Such a small pa*sage, if there is any mechanism inside, we might not even have a chance to escape, so I’d better be cautious!”
Tong Youcai said.
“You’re afraid of death, but I’m not ……”
Leng Yun gave Tong Youcai a blank look and then continued, “Let’s wait, there’s no movement inside, then go in ……”
After waiting outside for a while, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun found that there was no movement inside, so they led them in one by one!
Chen Ping, with Liu Rui and Lao Liu, had been walking in the front, although the pa*sage was not big and a bit depressing, but there was no danger, and there was no machine array or anything like that! -There were no machinations or anything like that!