Anyway, a character like the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would never be able to do anything to destroy a sect like the Wuji Sacred Sect!
Chen Ping was pondering in his heart, but the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke, “You kid think as you think, don’t always compare me, even though I am a Demon Monarch, I am not a Lord, so how could I possibly destroy a great sect in the Heaven Realm like the Wuji Sacred Sect.”
“Although I can’t exterminate a great sect in the Heaven realm like the Wuji Sacred Sect, but if I recover my true body, exterminating the sects in the Celestial Realm would still be as easy as a slap in the face.”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he had only thought about it, but the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was not happy about it, he was quite facetious!
“Help me open the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, I want to observe how many formations remain within this Sacred Sect.”
Chen Ping said to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Soon after, a light red light flashed up on Chen Ping’s forehead, followed by an eye-like shape appearing on Chen Ping’s forehead!
Chen Ping’s eyes then became grey before his eyes, and a formation was revealed with the help of the Heavenly Underworld Eye!
One could only see a complex cut esoteric formation pattern that formed a single formation!
Seeing the formations in front of him, Chen Ping sucked in a breath of cold air as these formations in front of him were simply exquisite!
Moreover, this was still the compound of the Sacred Sect’s disciples, and it was wrapped in all sorts of formations!
There were defensive formations, killing formations, and Spirit Gathering Formations that aided in cultivation, heavy formations overlapping in a compound!
This kind of multiple formation overlapping technique was the first time Chen Ping had seen it!
It was important to know that each type of formation functioned differently, and if placed in the same location, there would be various restrictions on opening them!
After all, a place with several types of formations, that formation opening conditions would be restricted!
Exactly when to turn on the defence formation, when to turn on the killing formation, and when to turn on the spirit gathering formation?
This was a very complicated dilemma!
Chen Ping wanted to arrange formations in a handful of places, all of which were to be staggered so that the formations would be opened in sequence in order!
But this was the first time Chen Ping had seen such a brainstorm of formations thrown together!
Chen Ping carefully observed the various formations using the Heavenly Underworld Eyes!
He would take the opportunity to study them and comprehend some of the art of formations, which might be of great help to him!
With the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Chen Ping could intuitively probe the various formations and would be able to study them much faster!
Chen Ping stared blankly as the many cultivators behind him waited a little too long!
“What is this guy doing? Can he break the formation or not?”
“Why is he not moving, is he caught in an illusionary formation?”
“How long do we have to wait?”
Some of the cultivators were already a little impatient!
“Gentlemen, hold your horses, this Fellow Daoist Chen saved us first, and even led the way in front, leading us here, we have to choose to trust him.”
“In wait and see, it is estimated that this spell formation is very difficult to break ……”
Ouyang Zhenhua pacified the crowd!
Only after hearing Ouyang Zhenhua’s words did the many cultivators become quiet!
And at the same time, Mu Naiyi, who was at the top of the mountain peak, realised that Chen Ping and the others had surprisingly not made it to the top of the mountain after such a long time!
Mu Yao led the Mu Clan’s crowd to explore the entire mountain top as well, and did not find any pole stone mines!
“Eldest Miss, the entire mountain top, except for the side wrapped by the Chaotic Land that was not explored, all the other places have been looked at, and no Extreme Stone Ore has been found at all.”
“But there are a lot of extreme stones scattered everywhere, I sent people to pick up a lot of them!”
Mu Yao said!
“How much can a rat pick up? The only way to do that is to find an extreme stone mine, then our Mu Family will have a constant supply of extreme stone resources.”
“Then Chen Ping and the others, how come they are not seen coming up either?”
Mu Naiyi frowned slightly, she did not know that Chen Ping and the others had found the cave!
“Missy, no extreme stone mines have been found at the top of the mountain, could it be halfway up the mountain?”
“It’s not possible that Chen Ping and the others, found the Extreme Stone Mine halfway up the mountain, so they didn’t come up, right?”
Mu Yao said!