The staff lady, undaunted, immediately confronted the Mad Immortal, “How did you get in? I don’t recall you entering the Purgatory Arena!”
“Tell me, did you sneak in without buying a ticket?”
“Pay up now, or I’ll have you arrested…”
When the Mad Immortal entered the Purgatory Arena, this staff lady wasn’t even working yet, so she had no idea.
“Damn it, when have I ever paid to enter the Purgatory Arena? I always got in for free,” the Mad Immortal retorted.
Back then, he had indeed entered the Purgatory Arena for free.
But the staff lady, unaware of this, assumed he had snuck in.
“Stop boasting! Even our city lord pays to enter the Purgatory Arena. If you don’t pay up now, don’t blame me for getting rough!”
The staff lady was about to take action.
At the same time, guards from around the Purgatory Arena began to surround them, thinking Chen Ping and his group were causing trouble.
Just as tensions were about to erupt, the Gadfly rushed over with his men.
“Stop, all of you, stop!” the Gadfly shouted as he ran up.
“City Lord, these guys sneaked in. I told them to pay, and they still want to fight,” the staff lady complained to the Gadfly.
“Get lost!” the Gadfly casually pushed the staff lady aside, then turned to Chen Ping with a beaming smile. “Big Brother, you’re out! I brought people specially to welcome you…”
Chen Ping stared at the Gadfly, utterly confused. He didn’t know this man at all, so why was he calling him Big Brother?
Bai Yi was equally baffled. This was the city lord, the lord of Rhino City! Why was he calling Chen Ping Big Brother?
Had he mistaken him for someone else?
The Mad Immortal, however, looked at the Gadfly and said, “Old Gadfly, what’s your game? Trying to steal my Big Brother?”
“Mad Immortal, who’s stealing? You can call him Big Brother, so why can’t I?” the Gadfly replied, then turned back to Chen Ping with a wide grin. “Big Brother, I’m Gadfly, the city lord of Rhino City…”
Upon hearing he was the city lord, Chen Ping immediately became respectful. After all, if it weren’t for Niu Li’s help earlier, they wouldn’t have even entered Rhino City.
This man was the father of Niu Li and Niu Ben.
“So it’s the City Lord! My apologies for the disrespect,” Chen Ping said, quickly offering a greeting.
“Big Brother, just call me Little Gadfly,” the Gadfly said humbly. “I’ve prepared a banquet at the city lord’s mansion. You must be exhausted from the trials in the Purgatory Arena. Please do me the honour of resting there.”
“Is… is that appropriate?” Chen Ping hesitated, glancing at Bai Yi.
After all, Bai Yi was familiar with this place and knew the city lord’s character, while Chen Ping didn’t know the Gadfly at all.
“Since the city lord has kindly invited us, let’s go,” Bai Yi said.
Building a good relationship with the city lord was a rare opportunity, one they couldn’t possibly pass up.
“Alright, lead the way,” Chen Ping nodded.
The Gadfly immediately led Chen Ping and the others back to the city lord’s mansion.
They used a teleportation array, arriving in an instant, which left Chen Ping in awe.
When he and Bai Yi had come here, they had flown arduously for a long time to reach the city.
He hadn’t expected there to be a teleportation array that could get them there in the blink of an eye.
However, this teleportation array was inside the city lord’s mansion, inaccessible to ordinary people.
The Gadfly warmly entertained Chen Ping and his group, and during the toasting and chatter, he turned to Chen Ping and asked, “Big Brother, I wonder if you have time to let your little brother cultivate in that pagoda of yours?”
“How do you know about my pagoda?” Chen Ping was stunned.
He hadn’t mentioned it to anyone except Bai Yi, who knew about his Demon-Suppressing Pagoda, and the Mad Immortal. He had never brought it up with the Gadfly.
“To be honest, after you entered the Purgatory Arena, I could observe everything through a bronze mirror,” the Gadfly said truthfully.