Kungfu relies on qi energy, while jutsu relies on spiritual power.
Looking at this overwhelming array of spells, it seemed that this Luo Jinyou’s spells were also very exquisite, even to the point of surpa*sing kung fu.
“Comparing techniques with me, then I will also play with you ……”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Hahahaha, you’re comparing techniques with me, I think you’re tired of living ……”
Luo Jinyou laughed loudly and arrogantly.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but instead, he choked the magic trick, only to see the ground start to shake violently.
Immediately afterwards, it was as if something was weaving underground, and then a wall of earth rose up from the ground.
The light that Luo Jinyou shot out struck the earthen walls, knocking them all down one by one!
Seeing this scene, Luo Jinyou laughed even more recklessly.
“Kid, do you know that spells require huge spiritual power and magical techniques to support them, you’re a little brat and you still dare to fight with me?”
After Luo Jinyou finished speaking, his body abruptly disappeared, even those pillars of light were gone.
Immediately afterwards, Luo Jinyou’s figure suddenly appeared above Chen Ping’s head.
A pillar of light enveloped Chen Ping as well, followed by a wry smile on Luo Jinyou’s face.
“Let me see how strong your divine sense is ……”
After saying that, Luo Jinyou began to murmur under his breath.
In an instant, a sound wave continuously spread down the pillar of light, and it was as if countless mosquitoes were buzzing and flying in Chen Ping’s ears!
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and his face turned a little ugly.
He had never suffered such an attack before, and even if Chen Ping’s Invincible Golden Body was powerful, it would be of no use at all.
Chen Ping’s head began to throb with a splitting headache, and his whole body became manic.
The inside of his head was like a ma*s of mush, it was very painful!
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Luo Jinyou laughed excitedly, “Hahahaha, even if you have an imperishable golden body, even if your qi is strong, you are still a weak chicken in front of me ……”
Chen Ping was no longer in the mood to listen to Luo Jinyou at this moment, his hands were clutching his head in death, he didn’t understand what kind of magic technique this Luo Jinyou was using!
The veins on Chen Ping’s forehead bulged out, his eyes turned scarlet and his face was full of fierceness!
But just when Chen Ping felt that he was about to lose his grip and even had the heart to commit suicide, suddenly a bell seemed to ring out in his mind!
Buzz ……
The kind of chaos within Chen Ping’s mind became much clearer all of a sudden.
But only for a moment, that sense of chaos struck again.
But at that moment, Chen Ping seemed to remember something and began to chant in a panic.
Soon, Chen Ping’s mind slowly quieted down, and the sense of chaos inside his head gradually disappeared.
What Chen Ping was chanting was the Clear Heart Incantation, which happened to be able to restrain Luo Jinyou’s spells!
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed, but he did not show it, and still pretended to be in great pain.
Only when he saw that Chen Ping had been tortured beyond recognition and was powerless to fight back did Luo Jinyou stop.
“Chen Ping, I will torture you well to avenge my son ……”
With that said, Luo Jinyou’s body descended from the sky and slapped Chen Ping right on top of his shoulder!
Chen Ping staggered, all the scales on his body instantly fell off and disappeared, his Unbreakable Golden Body lost its effect!
“Hahahaha, now that you don’t have your Unbreakable Golden Body, I’ll see how you can still fight me ……”
Luo Jinyou laughed recklessly.
“Without the Unbreakable Golden Body, I’m still not afraid of you ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body shook and his terrifying aura instantly skyrocketed.
And that Luo Jinyou had long ago not put Chen Ping in his eyes at this moment.
The first time I saw Chen Ping’s fist viciously swung over, that Luo Jinyou casually drew in front of him.
A crystal clear barrier appeared in front of Luo Jinyou.
Luo Jinyou looked at Chen Ping with a smile on his face as he looked through the barrier.