The barren, deserted Valley family estate!
At this moment, there were several people approaching in a hurry.
These few people were none other than Luo Jiu of the Luo Family who had brought his men to scout out the situation.
Looking at the Valley Family Manor, which was not even in ruins, Luo Jiu thought he had gone to the wrong place!
If it weren’t for the Devil Suppression Tower still towering not far away, Luo Jiu wouldn’t have recognized it at all.
Yesterday, the place was still fine, a busy construction.
Today, there was nothing left, not even rubble, just a field of powder.
Luo Jiu led his men to step into the Gu Family Manor, and the moment they just stepped in, Chen Ping, who was originally cultivating inside the Demon Subduing Tower, instantly opened his eyes.
While Chen Ping was cultivating, he had already set up a formation around the Gu Family Manor.
All the time someone broke in, Chen Ping was able to know the first time.
Otherwise, it would be dangerous to be immersed in cultivation and have someone suddenly attack.
A ray of divine sense spread out, and Chen Ping instantly spotted Luo Jiu and the others who were approaching towards the Demon Subduing Tower.
There were five of them, all of them were Martial Sects.
Among them, Luo Jiu was even an existence near the peak of Martial Sect.
“What are these people?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, not understanding what kind of people these sudden intruders were.
He could sense that these were not people from the Ning Family, and it was also impossible for Ning Zhi to have deployed people from the Ning Family in Kyoto in such a short period of time.
What’s more, Ning Zhi’s peak Martial Sect was no match for him, so how could he possibly send these even weaker people over to die!
Chen Ping slowly got up and walked towards the outside of the tower.
And at this time, Luo Jiu was also leading people in approaching towards the Demon Subduing Tower.
“Brother Jiu, this Gu Family Manor, why has it suddenly turned into this state? I perceive all this powder on the ground, it should be all the previous buildings that were directly shaken into this state by the powerful qi.”
“Just how terrifying is this strength, to be able to destroy such a large manor into this state?”
“Look at that tower, it’s still intact and towering, I reckon there must be something odd about that tower!”
A few of the Luo family’s underlings said in a very puzzled manner.
Luo Jiu then gave a few people a look and said, “If you don’t want to die, keep your mouth shut ……”
Luo Jiu’s words caused several people to shut their mouths in fear.
Soon, Luo Jiu and the others arrived under the Devil Zhen Tower, and Luo Jiu saw from afar that there was actually a human figure under the Devil Zhen Tower.
And Chen Ping also spotted them and then dropped his gaze on that Luo Jiu.
When Luo Jiu approached and found that there was surprisingly Chen Ping standing under the tower, he was slightly stunned, but Luo Jiu pretended that he did not know Chen Ping, and then asked, “What are you?”
Chen Ping said indifferently, “I am the owner of this manor? What are you guys doing here by trespa*sing into my manor?”
“You’re the owner of this manor?”
Luo Jiu suddenly sneered, “This manor belongs to the Gu family, and now that Gu Kaiyuan is dead, since Gu Kaiyuan used to owe us money to the Luo family, we are here to take over his a*sets, could it be that you are a member of the Gu family?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “I’m not from the Gu family, but now this manor is no longer surnamed Gu, you guys should leave quickly ……”
“Kid, you are too wild, no one has dared to refuse what our Luo family wants ……”
At this moment, a Luo Family subordinate yelled at Chen Ping in a very angry manner.
Chen Ping just coldly swept that man, “I said it, this is my territory now, I don’t care about your Luo family or not, if you don’t want to die, get lost ……”
“You …………”
Several underlings of the Luo family were instantly furious and wanted to make a move against Chen Ping.
Only to be stopped by Luo Jiu, these Luo family underlings didn’t know Chen Ping, but Luo Jiu did, now that they were in conflict with Chen Ping, they were afraid that they wouldn’t have any chance of winning.
“We are from the Mo Bei Luo family, our young master is the fifth ranked existence on the free list, I hope you ……”
Luo Jiu wanted to use Luo Xiang to threaten Chen Ping, but who knew that before he could finish his words, he was directly interrupted by Chen Ping: “I said, I don’t care about your Luo family, dog family, if you don’t want to die, get lost ……”