This person was none other than Chen Wenliang, the president of the Central Region Pharmacist Association, and it was heard that this Chen Wenliang’s level of pill refining had already reached the strength of a Senior Pill Zun!
“President, I just said it was fixed, but there was a malfunction, and many people were injured.”
A senior member of the Pharmacist Association rushed forward and said!
When Li Qi saw that the president had personally come to ask about it, he was also in the air and was sweating anxiously!
“This teleportation array hasn’t had any problems for the last thousand years, how could it suddenly go wrong in this Apothecary Assembly?”
Chen Wenliang asked with a slight frown!
“President, are you suspecting that someone has tampered with the teleportation array?”
A senior member of the Apothecary Guild asked!
“Not bad, check it out properly, I think it’s someone who doesn’t want us to go to the Apothecary Conference.”
“It’s probably because they’re afraid of losing to me!”
Chen Wenliang said coldly!
“President, all of us here are pharmacists, no one knows the art of formations, not to mention a high-level formation like the teleportation formation, even if someone wants to destroy it, without professional techniques, there’s simply no way to do it!”
That Pharmacist Guild senior said in disbelief!
“Li Qi ……”
Chen Wenliang shouted towards that grey robed middle-aged man!
Li Qi hurriedly ran forward and said respectfully, “President ……”
“How about it, did you find out what the problem with the teleportation array is?”
“Did someone deliberately sabotage this teleportation array?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“President, I’ve been checking for days, there’s nothing wrong with the teleportation array, it was just activated, it just suddenly appeared to ask again.”
“I’m also in a state of confusion as to what the problem is.”
Li Qi said with a ashamed face!
Throughout the Apothecary Society, there was only him, an array master, who did nothing but maintain the lower transmission array, and also open the lower transmission array when the Apothecary Assembly was held!
Every year, but with extremely generous remuneration, and eat countless pills, after all, in the Pharmacist Association, the least is the lack of pills!
But now, the teleportation array was out of order, and he couldn’t check it out, which made him very humiliated!
If all this went on, I don’t know if the Apothecary Guild would continue to employ him!
“Can’t see the problem?”
Chen Wenliang frowned slightly and looked around the teleportation formation himself!
He was only a pharmacist and knew nothing about formations, so he was just looking at it and couldn’t see any problems at all!
Li Qi couldn’t see the faults now, and if it wasn’t repaired properly, all of their pill masters here would have to be absent from the pill master conference!
With so many pharmacists, it would be hard to appease them!
At that time, it might be possible that he as a pharmacist will become a thing of the past!
“President, why don’t we ask around at the scene to see if there are any formation masters, if anyone can fix the teleportation formation, we can give a high reward.”
A senior member of the Apothecary Guild came up with an idea!
Chen Wenliang pondered for a moment, then nodded, “It can only be done this way, but all the people here are pharmacists, I’m afraid it’s hard to find any formation masters ah.”
“President, even if there is someone who knows the art of formations, they won’t necessarily be able to fix the teleportation array, I can’t even see what the problem is, I believe that even more so, none of these pill masters present will be able to see it.”
Li Qi said!
The reason why he said that was because all of the pharmacists here, even if some of them liked the art of formations and had learnt some in their spare time, but if they wanted to fix the teleportation array, it was simply impossible!
Moreover, Li Qi is a professional formation master, as the saying goes, there are specialisations in the art, he didn’t even see the problem, can these people see it?
“Let’s treat a dead horse as a living horse ……”
Chen Wenliang sighed, then swept a glance at the crowd and said, “Gentlemen, I don’t know if any of you in the congregation, have learnt the art of formations, if anyone can fix this teleportation array, we, the Apothecary Guild, can come up with five Heavenly Fate Dans.”
The moment these words came out, the crowd was in an uproar!