Seeing that his foot was empty, the Lich King stomped towards Chen Ping once again!
Chen Ping used his flexible positioning and speed to dodge the attacks of the Knight King!
He dodged several times in a row, which made the Li King furious!
As the saying goes, in everything, there is yin and yang, and there are advantages and disadvantages!
King Li had awakened the beast soul of the mammoth, his body had become strong and powerful, but in its place, his speed would be a little slower!
This was dodged by Chen Ping several times in a row, and the Knight King was about to die of anger!
“Are you a coward who can only dodge? Where is the courage to fight me hard just now?”
Seeing that Chen Ping was always dodging, King Li began to use aggressive techniques on Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, don’t fall for it, this Knight King has awakened his Beast Soul, although his strength has increased a lot, his speed will slow down, don’t get tough with him ……”
Yi He loudly reminded Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping was as if he didn’t hear it, and smiled coldly at the Knight King and said “Good, since you want to fight hard, then I will fulfil you ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s figure once again disappeared from the Li King’s eyes!
Before the Knight King could react, Chen Ping had already appeared in front of the Knight King!
Snapping …………
A large hand viciously smacked the Li King’s face, and blood instantly shot out from the corner of the Li King’s mouth!
Chen Ping’s figure quickly retreated after slapping the Knight King!
This caused King Knight to begin to go a little crazy!
As for the crowd, when they saw that the Knight King had been slapped by Chen Ping, all of them had their eyes widened in disbelief!
Because Chen Ping’s speed was too fast, by the time the crowd reacted, Chen Ping had already slapped the Knight King and retreated backwards!
“Ah …………”
“I have to get you killed today ……”
The Li King let out a roar, his long hair flew, and his body was even more radiant, at this moment, the Li King was like a maddened bull, charging across the room towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, snorted coldly, facing the Li King who exploded with all his might, Chen Ping did not dodge, since he had said that he would follow the Li King in a hard fight, then he would keep his word!
A golden light appeared on Chen Ping’s body and he directly headed towards the Knight King!
This time, Chen Ping did not use his Unbreakable Golden Body, he wanted to use his purest physical body to follow the Li King to fight!
Looking at Chen Ping who actually dared to fight himself, the Knight King roared, the vision behind him trembled, and a light flickered at the centre of his brow, and soon the light filled his entire body!
Boom …………
Soon, the two figures ruthlessly collided together, the heavens and earth trembled, and the sun and moon were devoid of light!
The two figures only had the most primitive collision.
There were no arts, no battle techniques, no divine weapons, all there was was just the raw power of fists to flesh, but even with this most primitive and pure power, that destructive power was astonishing!
This kind of fleshly pure power had exceeded the cognition of many people, who did not understand how one could still possess this kind of terrifying power without spiritual power to add to it, and without arts and techniques to surround them!
The Li King’s body was immense and his power was even more endless, the awakening of his beast soul allowed his physical body’s power to be able to see everything!
However, Chen Ping, a small cultivator, even relied on pure physical strength to follow the Li King into battle!
There was no instant crushing, which was beyond many people’s expectations!
Many people thought that after the King of Li awakened his beast soul, the collision of pure physical strength, Chen Ping’s small body, was definitely crushed!
But now, not only was he not crushed, Chen Ping even fought with the King of Li’s fists for a few moves!
This time, King Li’s face was considered to be lost!
Boom ……
Along with an explosive sound, the two people all fell towards the ground like meteors and smashed into the ground immediately after!
The tremendous impact caused two deep pits to instantly appear on the ground.
“Chen Ping…………”
“Chen …………”
When Yi He and the others saw this, their hearts immediately tightened!