“Hahahaha, you stupid x, I have a lot of power, I just lied to you, if I didn’t lie to you, why would you release all the Dao Fury Qi in your body?”
Chen Ping laughed out loud!
“You …… how do you know about the dao crest baleful qi?” Elder Qi’s eyes widened, knowing that this Dao Pattern Fatal Qi was a unique aura of their Yin Demon lineage!
This kind of aura could seduce the soul and bring dead corpses back to life.
He did not expect Chen Ping to know about this aura!
“Of course I know, because this kind of aura, I also have it ……”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dao Pattern Fatal Qi within his body instantly spread out, wrapping Elder Qi and that Lixing in an instant!
Feeling the dao line baleful aura on Chen Ping’s body, that Elder Qi had a shocked look on his face as he said “Are you …… you also a disciple of our Yin Demon lineage?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly “Bah, who the hell is a disciple of your Yin Devil lineage, that Yin Devil was saved by my old man, I am his saviour.”
“I saved your Elder Ancestor, it’s reasonable to say that you have to kneel and kowtow when you see me.”
Elder Qi of course did not believe what Chen Ping said, staring at Chen Ping dead on, his eyes full of coldness “So you just faked it all, all for the sake of absorbing that Dao tattooed baleful gas, no wonder you refused to let others help you out ……”
“You only see it now, but it’s already too late ……”
Chen Ping said with a smug expression!
“Since you have our Yin Demon lineage’s Dao Pattern Fatal Qi, it means that you have an affinity with our Yin Demon lineage, regardless of whether you are a disciple of our Yin Demon lineage or not, we are still considered to be destined to be together.”
“Today’s matter, consider it a misunderstanding, if you let us go back, I can report to King Li and spare your life.”
“You have to look at the situation clearly, right now that Demon Imperial City is just dying, following the Demon Imperial City together, there is only one way to die.”
Elder Qi persuaded Chen Ping!
This fellow, was actually naive enough to want Chen Ping to let them go.
“Hahaha, you’re really naive, if that old devil Yin Demon knew that his disciples and grandchildren had stupid x’s like you, he would probably be furious.”
“Now that both of you are prisoners, you still dare to negotiate with me ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he reached out and grabbed violently, and that Elder Qi came into his hands!
At this moment, Elder Qi was like a lamb in waiting, without the slightest ability to resist!
Seeing this, the Li Xing on the side couldn’t help but tremble!
However, he didn’t dare to run, because he knew that even if he ran, he wouldn’t be able to run away from Chen Ping at all!
Elder Qi was grasped in Chen Ping’s hands, and it was only at this time that he felt fear within him!
His face also became ugly, his body slightly trembled and said “You and I are of the same clan, I hope you don’t kill me, I can choose to withdraw and not go against you ……”
It was only at this time that Elder Qi understood that threats were useless to Chen Ping, so he could only beg for mercy!
“I’ve f*cking said it all, I’m not a devil cultivator, and even more so, I’m not in the same clan as you, so don’t you f*cking get close.”
“But don’t worry, I won’t kill you, because there is still a use for keeping you!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he released that Elder Qi, and immediately after that, he grabbed that Li Xing’s collar!
Li Xing shivered, struggled hard twice and said “Chen Ping, let go of me, let go of me, if you kill me, my father will not let you go, when the time comes, the entire Demon Emperor City will have to be buried with you ……”
Snap …………
Chen Ping fiercely gave Li Xing a slap, directly swollen this guy’s mouth, instantly closed his mouth!
“In their nonsense, I will castrate you and hang you above the city gates for public display ……”
Chen Ping glared at that Li Xing!
Li Xing’s eyes were filled with fear and he kept swallowing his saliva.
“You go back and tell your Li King that his son has been captured by me, if you want his son to live, then do as I say.”
Chen Ping said to that Elder Qi!