Although Mu Qing’s calculations were loud, they were useless, after all, these people didn’t come because of benefits!
“I, Blood Spirit Valley Master Luo Shouhai, won’t leave today, I’ll see how your Mu Family can wipe out my Blood Spirit Valley.”
“We from the five great clans won’t leave either, if you have the ability to kill us all as well.”
“There’s also my Soulless Hall ……”
“And my Sheng Family ……”
“And my Soul Demon Sect ……”
“My Demon Mountain Ghost Elder ……”
“And the Three Emperors and Four Kings of our Beast Clan ……”
“None of us are leaving, we’ll just see how awesome your Mu Family is, decimating all of us clans and families.”
“I think your Mu Family is just bragging, if you have the ability, bang bang, don’t shoot your mouth off!”
One by one, the crowd moved forward, not fearing the Mu Family in the slightest!
And listening to the introduction of the crowd, Butler Liu followed that Mu Qing’s face changed!
It turned out that all of these cultivators, surprisingly, were from clan families, and there were no loose cultivators!
Especially that Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, in the entire area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, he was considered a very famous celebrity!
They couldn’t figure out how on earth Chen Ping had invited these people here!
How many resources and benefits had to be given to invite these people from the sects and families!
Looking at the crowd in front of them, Mu Qing and Chief Liu looked grave, if they launched a forceful attack at this time, they would definitely suffer heavy losses at that time!
Even if they were able to win and take revenge, the Mu Family would still suffer heavy deaths and injuries and end up being reduced to a small clan!
But if they didn’t attack, didn’t take revenge, and just left in disgrace, then the Mu Family would be too faceless!
The two sides were stalemated like this, with no one making the first move!
After all, making a move would be a vicious battle!
Deaths and injuries will definitely be countless, and the entire Celestial Realm, since the God-Devil War, there has not been such a large-scale melee!
Moreover, they were all great cultivators of the Transition realm, the destructive power of this kind of melee, it was extremely terrifying!
If not, half of the Heavenly Demon Mountain could be eliminated!
After about an hour, that Chief Liu was the first to speak!
“Chen Ping, you killed our Grand Duke and Missy, but in the end, you brought in so many people, do you want everyone to die with you because of your own fault alone?”
“You should know that once the melee opens, there will be countless deaths and injuries, and you will be the guilty party then.”
“Our Mu Family is only looking for you to take revenge, if you leave the Guanghan Palace right now, we definitely won’t touch the Guanghan Palace for a second.”
“You can’t be too selfish, these people are willing to sacrifice for you, but you can’t let these people die for you just to save your own life, right?”
Standing on the moral high ground, Chief Liu began to mock Chen Ping!
He did this in order to make Chen Ping feel guilty and then leave the Guanghan Palace!
What their Mu Family needed was revenge, not to follow these people in front of them . The Great War!
When the time came, killing a thousand enemies and losing eight hundred would be more than worth it!
“Mr Chen, don’t listen to his nonsense, they’re vastly outnumbered by several hundred people, looking for your own revenge.”
“Isn’t this bullying the few with the many? These people of theirs are obviously cheating you!”
Luo Shouhai hurriedly said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was not stupid, if he only sought revenge on himself, would he still need to use hundreds of people and make such a fuss?
“Chen Ping, if you have the guts to leave the Guanghan Palace, I can guarantee that the others will not make a move, I want to personally avenge my big brother and aunt.”
“Only the two of us will compete, if I don’t have the means to kill you, I can resign myself to the fact that I will immediately leave with my people and will never harass Guanghan Palace.”
“Do you dare to compete with me, so that there is no need for other people to kill and fight for their lives!”
Mu Qing knew that there was no way Chen Ping would fall for it, so he said!
“You want to fight me solo?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly!
“Not bad, let’s see if you dare, the two of us will fight to the death in exchange for the safety of the others.”
Mu Qing said.