Yi He smiled faintly and did not say anything, instead, his eyes stared at the airship in the sky!
The zeppelin slowly flew into the sky above the Demon Emperor City, and Chen Ping also saw the generals on top of the city walls, standing by!
“Mr Chen, what exactly happened here, look at the corpses all over the ground, could it be that there is a war going on?”
Ji Yun looked at the front of Demon Emperor City, that mountain of corpses and sea of blood couldn’t help but be surprised!
The scenes he had seen were just a battle between two clans, and hundreds of deaths and injuries were considered quite a lot!
But the scene in front of him, there were tens of thousands of corpses at the scene, and the corpses were piled up into a small mountain!
It was simply too bloody and horrifying!
Gao Qilan could not help but vomit when she saw this scene!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, his face becoming incomparably grave!
He knew that there was only one possibility for something like this to happen, and that was that Ming Li Royal City had waged a war against Demon Emperor City!
A war between two cities would only result in this kind of scene!
“Ji Yun, drop the blimp down immediately ……”
Chen Ping ordered Ji Yun!
Ji Yun nodded, only to drop the blimp towards the square of Demon Emperor City!
Within the Demon Emperor City, many people had never seen a blimp before, so they gathered around!
Seeing this, Yi He also brought Isha and hurriedly ran down from the city walls!
Seeing Chen Ping walk out from the blimp, IH’s eyes were full of excitement, “Mr Chen, it’s true that you’re back, it’s really great ……”
Isha looked at Chen Ping and looked extraordinarily unfamiliar as she realised that the aura on Chen Ping’s body had changed drastically!
“What happened?”
Chen Ping asked to Ichor!
“Mr Chen, let’s just go into the palace and talk about it ……”
Yi He finished speaking and then instructed Isha to send someone to guard the blimp.
After entering the palace, Liu Ruyan, Yu Jiameng, the Third Elder and the rest of them heard that Chen Ping had returned, and they all rushed over!
r> After exchanging pleasantries for a while, Yi He said to Chen Ping “Mr Chen, today that Ming Li Royal City launched an attack on my Demon Imperial City, although it was only a tentative attack, we have suffered great losses.”
“Lang Feng’s entire wolf pack died in battle ……”
Speaking of this, Yi He’s face was filled with sadness!
Once Chen Ping heard that Lang Feng had died, he also couldn’t help but frown, and a few killing intent flared in his eyes!
“With the strength of the Demon Emperor City, will it be able to withstand the attack of the Ming Li Royal City?”
Chen Ping asked!
Yi He shook his head “That Huben has occupied the position of the Demon Emperor for this period of time, the Demon Imperial City has been killed by a lot of people, and a lot of people have fled, causing the strength of the Demon Imperial City to be greatly reduced.”
“It’s almost impossible to block the attack of Ming Li Royal City unless there are reinforcements to help!”
“But in this Celestial Realm, where would anyone help, but I’ve already asked Miss Fire Phoenix to notify the other king cities, as long as these people are willing to send troops, then King Knight will definitely retreat.”
Yi He put together his plan and followed Chen Ping!
Although this plan was good, Chen Ping still saw the risks involved!
If the other Royal Cities and King Cities rushed in and directly joined forces to swallow Yi He following the Knight King, then both of them would be in danger!
The reason why the current three emperors and four kings maintained a balance and no one dared to attack the Demon Imperial City and the Ming Li Royal City was because of the long distances involved, plus the fact that the Demon Imperial City and the Ming Li Royal City were in a co-operative stance, and when one side was attacked, the other side would surely come to their aid!
Therefore, the other Royal Cities or King Cities didn’t have enough certainty to deal with both of them at the same time!
But now that Ming Li Royal City and Demon Royal City had become hostile, then others would be able to take advantage of the situation and annex Demon Royal City and Ming Li Royal City one by one!
And there was also a possibility that the people from the other royal cities would be recruited, and perhaps they would join forces with Ming Li Royal City and swallow Demon Imperial City together, dividing the spoils together!
This was also something that could happen, so it had to be guarded against!
Yi He also knew the pros and cons of this, but other than this method, he really couldn’t find any other helpers!