“Forget it if you don’t understand!”Chen Ping saw that Zhu Ling did not understand at all, so he could only wait for the opportunity to meet the old Sect Master!
“Don’t you have any other requests?”
Zhu Ling asked when she saw that Chen Ping seemed to be lost!
To know, she was a rare beauty, and now that she asked Chen Ping to make conditions, he even only mentioned the To Fire Fusion, and the rest seemed not to be mentioned at all!
Could it be that his own charm was not working?
“No, what other requirements can there be!”
Chen Ping shook his head!
Seeing this, Zhu Ling’s face was a little unsightly, if Chen Ping had spied on her beauty and put forward some requests that were specific to her body, not only would Zhu Ling not be angry, instead she would be happy because she had charisma!
But now Chen Ping even didn’t mention it at all, which made Zhu Ling begin to wonder if she was not charming anymore!
Wei Qing on the side saw that Chen Ping did not mention any other request at all, he was dying of anxiety, if this was him, high or low, he would let Zhu Ling take off her clothes and take a look!
“Missy, I came to find you this time, there is something else to tell you ……”
Seeing this, Elder Yu hurriedly started to digress!
“Elder Yu, did something else happen?”
Zhu Ling asked!
Elder Yu nodded, “Elder Hu was locked up for contradicting Huo Yuanting, he’s going to be locked up for thirty years ……”
“What? Imprisoned for thirty years?”
Zhu Ling was shocked, “This Huo Yuanting is too much, he’s just the acting Sect Master and he’s so unbridled.”
“There’s also that Huo Dong is back, Missy has to be careful!”
Elder Yu said!
Zhu Ling frowned, “This guy even dares to come back, when I see him, I will definitely kill him ……”
“Eldest Miss, you have to be patient, otherwise our Purple Flame Sect will have no hope.”
“It’s imperative that Missy speeds up her cultivation, when you break through the Mahayana realm, we can have Elder Cui open the Divine Volcano and get the Divine Flame Seal, at that time Missy will be able to be this Sect Master.”
“Huo Yuan Ting has also been wanting to open the Divine Volcano, he’s talked to Elder Cui several times and Elder Cui has never agreed.”
“Now that the old Sect Master is sick and his sanity is unclear from time to time, the only way to get Elder Cui to open the Divine Volcano is for all the Elders to pass a resolution.”
“But don’t worry, Miss, we won’t agree to open the divine volcano until you reach the Mahayana realm.”
Elder Yu said after Zhu Ling!
“Elder Yu, it’s been hard on you all, especially Elder Hu, think of a way to see if you can get him out.”
“If we really lock him up for thirty years, Elder Hu’s entire person will be ruined.”
Zhu Ling said with a worried face!
“Ai, we’ll do our best, but it should be difficult!”
Elder Yu sighed, then asked, “Missy, I wonder if you’ve seen the old Sect Master recently? Has his condition ever gotten better?”
Zhu Ling shook her head, “Huo Yuan Ting has sent people to guard him very tightly, and I can only go to see my father at regular times, but every time I go, my father is in a state of madness.”
Elder Yu fell silent after hearing this, because when they went to see the old Sect Master, they were all in the same situation!
He even suspected that that Huo Yuan Ting did it on purpose, purposely making them go to meet the old Sect Master when he was in a state of illness!
“Eldest Miss, take care of yourself, as long as that Huo Yuan Ting doesn’t get the Divine Flame Seal, we have a way.”
Elder Yu said!
Zhu Ling nodded heavily, right now they could only rely on the Divine Flame Seal!
Elder Yu led Chen Ping and the others away, while Zhu Ling shouted towards Chen Ping, “Junior Brother, wait a moment, since I lost, I definitely need to show something before I can do so.”
Chen Ping stayed behind with a confused look on his face, not knowing how Zhu Ling was going to show!
Wei Qing also looked envious, but was pulled away by Elder Yu!
“Senior sister, how are you going to show it? If you want to offer yourself, then forget it, I’m not the type to take advantage of people.”
Chen Ping asked Zhu Ling after Elder Yu and Wei Qing left!