“Hmph, he relied on the Tong Ling fruit to attract such a great thunderstorm, originally this Tong Ling fruit belonged to us.”
Tong Youcai snorted coldly and gritted his teeth as he looked at Chen Ping.
Leng Yun’s face was also very ugly, if he had swallowed the Spiritual Fruit, perhaps the breakthrough would have been such a huge battle!
Chen Ping’s body slowly fell, while Liu Rui had already retreated her clothes from the others and brought them to Chen Ping!
We couldn’t let Chen Ping fight naked, could we?
And as a girl, Liu Rui would inevitably blush when she saw Chen Ping like this!
“Mr. Chen, the clothes …………”
Liu Rui blushed and handed her clothes to Chen Ping!
The girl’s clothes were already in tatters, and only the important parts of her body were not exposed.
Chen Ping hurriedly put on his clothes and then looked coldly at Tong Youcai and said, “The taste of this Tong Ling fruit is really good, but it’s a pity that you will never be able to taste it!”
“Chen Ping, what are you so proud of? Even after eating the Spiritual Fruit, you have only just broken through to Martial God, and you can’t have eaten all eight of them.
Tong Youcai gritted his teeth and shouted at Chen Ping!
“Kid, if you hand over the rest of the Spiritual Fruits, I can make your death painless. Don’t think that you can escape from here just because you have broken through the Martial God!”
Although the Great Protector was shocked by the show of strength when Chen Ping broke through, but even if Chen Ping had broken through, he was only a First Grade Martial God.
Compared to him, an eighth-ranked Martial God, it was still a far cry from him!
“Even if there were Lingering Fruits left, I wouldn’t be able to give them to you, besides, there are none left.
Chen Ping rubbed his stomach and said.
“sh*t …………”
The spiritual fruit is a priceless treasure, one of them is enough for other people to cultivate for a year and a half, but Chen Ping took this spiritual fruit, ate it as a meal, and said he was not full!
“Tong Youcai, he is deliberately angry with you, don’t nag him, kill him and take the Spiritual Fruit!”
Leng Yun knew that Chen Ping couldn’t have eaten all those Lingering Fruits!
Tong Youcai nodded, then the three men looked intently at Chen Ping, ready to strike at any moment!
Liu Rui was also on the sidelines, her breath rising and on guard!
A faint green gas began to pervade Tong Youcai’s body, the result of a genetic transformation!
“Today, I’m going to get you to death ……”
After saying that, Tong Youcai rushed towards Chen Ping directly!
But without waiting for Chen Ping to make a move, Liu Rui at the side instantly met him!
“Tong Youcai, I’ll teach you a lesson ……”
After Liu Rui swallowed the Spiritual Fruit, her strength had also increased greatly, so she was not afraid to face Tong Youzui!
“Now it’s just the two of you, let’s go together, so I can send you on your way at the same time!”
Chen Ping looked at the Great Protector and Leng Yun and said.
“Kid, I envy you for being able to fight beyond your rank, but you are a new Martial God and you want to fight me, an 8th ranked Martial God, isn’t that too presumptuous?”
The Grand Protector sneered and said.
“You have quickly risen to the rank of Eighth Grade Martial God by absorbing the strength of others, but such strength is after all the result of evil magic, even if you have reached the rank of Eighth Grade Martial God, unfortunately, you are unable to exercise the power of a true Eighth Grade Martial God!
“Do you think I’m right?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
The Grand Protector’s face was slightly cold, this kind of strength from absorption was indeed not the same as the realm reached by practicing on one’s feet!
The Grand Protector did not understand how Chen Ping knew the drawbacks of this evil technique!
“Hmph, even if I can’t bring out the power of a true Eighth Grade Martial God, I’d still be more than capable of killing you!”
After the Grand Protector said that, he didn’t have to nag, he just charged at Chen Ping and swung his fist to strike a blow!