“Reporting back to the Palace Master, I only heard others call him Mr Shi, as for what identity, I’m not very clear, as for what strength, I don’t know either!”
Luo Ta said!
“You don’t know what strength? What do you do for a living?”
The Tenth Hall Master snorted coldly!
Luo Ta trembled in fear, at this time, that Zuo Tian Zheng said, “Although I don’t know the strength of that Mr Shi, but that Western Domain Lord also ran away when he saw this person ……”
“What, the Western Domain Lord also appeared?”The Tenth Highness frowned!
“Not bad, at that time, when the Western Domain Lord appeared, he also just took a look and ran away!”
Zuo Tianzheng nodded!
“These old men of the Immortalisation Realm, who haven’t asked about the affairs of the Celestial Realm for many years, and are bent on ascending to Immortality, why did they suddenly appear?”
“And were scared away? How is this possible, is it possible that there are still cultivators higher than the Immortalisation Realm in this Heavenly Human Realm?”
The Ten Halls Lord pondered, always feeling that something was wrong!
After a moment of contemplation, the Tenth Hall Master asked, “Since that Mr Shi is so powerful, how were you guys able to escape?”
“Hall Master, it wasn’t escape, it was to release us back, that Mr Shi said that he wouldn’t help that Chen Ping to kill.”
Luo Ta hurriedly explained!
“This is strange ……” How could the tenth hall master not figure out, what is the relationship of this Mr Shi following Chen Ping!
“Alright, you guys stand down, the Demon Sealing Alliance will continue to plan and strive to take control of the Celestial Realm as soon as possible.”
“I believe that the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation won’t last much longer, and by that time, many of the trapped cultivators from the Celestial Realm will return to the Celestial Realm.”
“We, the Ten Temples, won’t have to be in hiding, the Celestial Realm is our home base!”
The Lord of the Ten Temples said to Zuo Tianzheng!
“My subordinate will definitely do my best to live up to the expectations of the Hall Master!”
Zuo Tianzheng let out a long breath!
The fact that the Ten Hall Master did not punish him made Zuo Tianzheng’s hanging heart relax!
…………
Xiao Imperial Dynasty.
Chen Ping had inexhaustible resources and began to cultivate desperately!
Of course Chen Ping also shared some of his resources with Xiao Huang Dynasty!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty had also consumed a great deal in this battle, and with the loss of experts in their eyes, they had to replenish their strength as quickly as possible before they could do so!
For a few days in a row, Chen Ping spent his time in cultivation, occasionally letting the Sword Spirit Zhong Li come out and follow Chen Ping to double cultivate and spar!
After all, cultivating all the time was also irritating, and it was quite good to spice things up once in a while!
While Chen Ping was cultivating, the Sword Spirit Zhong Li was also cultivating!
Zhong Li had always kept a wisp of sword intent in his body, and after Zhong Li recovered this time, his own strength had increased greatly!
The increase in Zhong Li’s strength was the same as indirectly increasing Chen Ping’s strength!
Now even if it was a fifth grade cultivator of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping would have no problem dealing with it!
Just as Chen Ping was cultivating, he received a transmission from the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!
The Mu Family’s Family Head had come out of the gate!
After receiving the news, Chen Ping immediately bid farewell from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and rushed to South End City!
Chen Ping knew that if that Mu Family’s Family Head came out of the gate and learnt that both his sons were dead, he would definitely look for him to take revenge!
If he couldn’t find himself, he would go and find trouble with the Guanghan Palace!
Chen Ping brought along Ji Yun and took the airship to rush to South End City at the fastest speed possible!
…………
Inside South End City!
Mu Kunrong, the head of the Mu Family, was sitting in the South End City branch pavilion of the Wan Tong Pavilion!
Pavilion Master Qian was entertaining him!
Although the Mu Family was very powerful in this area, Mu Kunrong didn’t dare to casually provoke the Wantong Pavilion!
“Family Master Mu, the matter of your son’s competition in South End City is known to all the cultivators in South End City.”
“Although that Chen Ping killed your son, but it was also a fair duel, I Wantong Pavilion as a guarantee, the crowd of cultivators have also pressed the bet.”
“Your mood to avenge your son’s death is understandable, you could have beheaded that Chen Ping above the ring, so as not to cause offence.”