Chen Ping was, at the moment, looking at Xiao Feng inside through the iron cage!
Xiao Feng slightly raised his head to look at Chen Ping and lowered his head again!
At this moment, Xiao Feng was clearly conscious and did not have any symptoms of manic bloodlust!
The expression looked very haggard, after all, whoever was locked up like this would not feel too good!
“Fellow Daoist, can you radiate the breath in your body, don’t deliberately suppress it, so that I will be able to better check out the cause.”
Chen Ping calmly said to Xiao Feng in the iron cage!
Xiao Feng raised his head once again, his eyes surprisingly held a few moments of pity as he said, “Kid, there is no need to waste your efforts, take advantage of the fact that I don’t want to kill anyone right now, you might still have a chance of surviving.”
“I would advise you to leave, my illness is not something you can look at.”
“Since I unveiled the list, I have to see your illness, or else all my cultivation will be wasted.”
Chen Ping shook his head!
“You can still live if you waste your cultivation, but you will die if you give me medical treatment ……”
Xiao Feng said!
“There is no need to say more, I believe that your suppression is also very painful, just consider it as an indulgence, kill me and I won’t blame you!”
Chen Ping was able to tell that it was very painful for Xiao Feng to suppress that mania within him!
However, Xiao Feng was suppressing it like this, making it difficult for Chen Ping to analyse the true cause of the illness!
“Ai……”
Xiao Feng sighed as the breath within his body began to slowly radiate out!
At this time, Chen Ping felt that Xiao Feng’s aura was very majestic, worthy of being a genius!
Even in this situation, the slightest emanation of breath made one’s scalp tingle!
Even if they were separated by iron cages and formations, those pill masters felt the aura as if there was a huge mountain that was constantly exerting pressure on their bodies!
“You check, but I would advise you to hurry up, the other thing is not to touch me, but before you check, I would like to beg you for something!”
Xiao Feng said softly to Chen Ping!
“What is it?”Chen Ping was a little surprised, he did not understand what this Xiao Feng would beg himself for!
“After the examination, give me a poison and let me die, I don’t want to live like this anymore.”
Xiao Feng’s voice was like a mosquito, only Chen Ping could hear it!
Chen Ping froze, then smiled slightly and said, “How are you sure that I will not be able to heal you?”
“Healing is not good!”Xiao Feng shook his head, “I have already been healed by more than a dozen medicine masters, and without exception these people have all died.”
“I don’t want to kill people casually anymore and I don’t want to live in this cage forever, count me as begging you to give me a poison so that I can die a decent death.”
Xiao Feng’s eyes were scarlet, but they were sincere and not just a casual remark!
“Alright, I promise you, if I cannot heal you, I will give you a poison pill.”
Chen Ping nodded!
Xiao Feng smiled, a smile on his miserable face, “Thank you ……”
Chen Ping, on the other hand, condensed his Spiritual Qi, then formed a white Spiritual Mist that directly drilled into Xiao Feng’s body!
After only a few breaths of time, Chen Ping jumped down from that frame!
Xiao Feng froze, his brows slightly furrowed!
Xiao Yuanshan, on the other hand, had a grim expression on his face, and seeing that Chen Ping had finished his examination after only a few moments, his trust in Chen Ping weakened a few more points!
Especially the dialogue that had just followed Xiao Feng, although the voices of the two were very small, they were nonetheless all heard by Xiao Yuanshan.
The reason why Xiao Yuanshan did not say anything was that he was waiting, he wanted to see what Chen Ping would do!
If Chen Ping really dared to give poison to his own son, he would not hesitate to cut Chen Ping down!
Chen Wenliang and the others, seeing that Chen Ping just checked it out without being careful at all, were also a little curious!
“This guy, where did the pharmacist come from? Even if he unveiled the list, he didn’t even check it carefully, is he joking with his life?”
“Young man, too pretentious, it won’t take long, there will be a time for him to cry.”
“Every year, people die because of pretending, but I’m afraid this guy is still the first one who dares to pretend in front of Emperor Xiao.”
The crowd talked about Chen Ping, each one sneering!