These vast armies directly caused the heavens and earth to change colour, Chen Ping and Hu Mazi, the two of them, were truly insignificant before these armies.
Gadfly, seeing this, widened his eyes and shouted, “All Rhino City soldiers, heed my command, charge and fight to the last man!”
Gadfly could not possibly watch Chen Ping and Hu Mazi, just the two of them, take on the tens of thousands of Flying Tiger City’s army.
That was simply impossible.
As Gadfly’s words fell, the surviving Rhino City soldiers all roared and charged forward!
Their fighting spirit had been reignited by Chen Ping.
Fight to the last man!
This was the burning passion of every soldier.
“Kill…”
Countless roars echoed through the skies.
Mad Immortal and Bai Yi exchanged a glance, then brandished their weapons, “Kill…”
The melee erupted once more!
At this moment, in the great hall of the Eighth Palace, Huo Zhao’s face was terrifyingly grim, for he had sensed that the black-clad men he sent out were already dead!
“What kind of expert does Rhino City have, that even Shadow was killed!”
Huo Zhao said with a stunned expression!
“Palace Master, shall I take some men to investigate?” the Great Elder asked!
“No need, you take men to the Cangxuan Continent, you must rescue the Heir, and give the entire Cangxuan Continent a thorough thrashing.”
Huo Zhao said!
With that, Huo Zhao lightly waved his palm, and an old man in a grey robe appeared.
“You three, go to the border and take a look, you are formation masters, you have an advantage in battling those armies!”
Huo Zhao said to the three grey-robed elders!
“Understood…” The three grey-robed elders departed!
Seeing this, the Great Elder could only muster troops and head to the Cangxuan Continent to rescue Heir Huo.
As for whether Chen Ping and the others were from the Cangxuan Continent, the Great Elder actually didn’t know, it was just a guess.
After all, Hu Mazi was human, he couldn’t possibly be from Rhino City.
At this moment, on the border, Rhino City’s soldiers grew ever more valiant in battle!
At the same time, Chen Ping transformed into a streak of light, wielding the Dragon-Slaying Sword, relentlessly cutting down the elite soldiers of Flying Tiger City.
Hu Mazi, meanwhile, cast spells, and wave after wave of Flying Tiger City soldiers perished under his talismans!
Xie Zhong, hiding at the rear, kept repairing his body, his face full of worry and hope.
He was now hoping the Eighth Palace would send more men, not the useless ones like before, who were instantly killed upon arrival.
Just then, three grey-robed elders arrived, each holding a black staff!
Xie Zhong was overjoyed!
“Three masters, please take action!”
Xie Zhong said!
“No rush…” one of the grey-robed elders said!
With that, the three grey-robed elders began chanting incantations, as runes appeared in the void around them, and at the same time, three mysterious forces began to spread!
The three grey-robed figures stood in the air, their black staves weaving a strange network of runes.
As the chanting grew more urgent, a massive triangular light array suddenly appeared above the battlefield, each corner corresponding to one of the grey-robed elders.
“Three Talents Spirit-Sealing Array, activate!”
The leading elder shouted, slamming his staff into the void.
Hum! The spiritual energy between heaven and earth suddenly froze.
The Rhino City soldiers were horrified to find that the spiritual power in their bodies seemed to be frozen, unable to even execute the simplest combat techniques.
Mad Immortal’s long blade suddenly felt as heavy as a thousand pounds, Bai Yi’s arrows fell powerlessly mid-flight.
“Not good!”
Hu Mazi’s face changed drastically, he tried to cast a spell, but the talisman dissipated in the air as soon as it formed.
Cold sweat beaded on his forehead, “This is an ancient forbidden array designed to suppress spiritual power…”
Seeing this, Xie Zhong was ecstatic, roaring, “Now! Full charge!”
The Flying Tiger City army surged forward like a tide, and the Rhino City warriors, stripped of their spiritual power, fell in droves.