“Don’t worry, although the old man has lost his memory, my strength is by no means comparable to that of you, a small Ferrying Realm cultivator, as long as I regain my memory, helping you advance to the Mahayana Realm is not a problem!”
The old man said confidently!
“Promoting to the Mahayana realm, what else do I need you for? What I need from you is help in the Heavenly Realm, and when the time comes to the Heavenly Realm, you can be my advisor.”
If Chen Ping was only thinking about advancing to the Mahayana Realm, he would not have to pay any attention to the remnants of this old man’s soul at all!
As long as there were enough resources, Chen Ping could completely advance to the Mahayana Realm!
“What? You’ve just crossed the Tribulation Realm only, and you’re thinking about the Heavenly Realm? Do you really think you can’t ascend?”
“Although I have lost my memory, I also know that even if cultivators in the lower realms cultivate for thousands of years, there are very few who can ascend to the Heavenly Realm.”
“Although your kid’s flesh body is indeed different and strong, is it that certain that you will be able to ascend to the Heavenly Realm?”
The old man saw that Chen Ping was talking a bit big, so he coldly snorted!
“Whether you can ascend or not is not something you should worry about, don’t forget, you are now my prisoner, upset me, I will directly let your soul fly away and disappear forever ……”
Chen Ping said as he threatened the old man!
“You …………” Although the old man was disgruntled, he did not dare to say anything more, after all, what Chen Ping said was true!
Right now he was just a wisp of residual soul, Chen Ping was able to make his soul fly away and disappear forever at any time!
“I’d better remove the shackles for this senior first!”
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to argue after the old man, Patriarch Jiang hurriedly said!
Looking at the hidden remnant soul, Patriarch Jiang didn’t dare to be careless, then with a wave of his hand, a large amount of green smoke surrounded the old man’s remnant soul!
The old man’s figure gradually became apparent, and on his dry face, two large eyes were particularly bright!
Along with the green smoke getting thicker and thicker, the old man’s remnant soul began to struggle violently, and the gradually obvious figure began to become more and more blurred!
“Patriarch Jiang, what’s going on? Don’t let him die ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
“Mr Chen, the shackles on this residual soul are not physical objects, but rather an illusory object that is trapped on that residual soul, making the residual soul have no way to break free, so in order to remove the shackles, one must strike right at the heart of the residual soul!”
Patriarch Jiang explained to Chen Ping!
“Are you saying that this shackle doesn’t exist at all, but is a fantasy?”
Chen Ping said with a face full of shock!
“Yes, that should be the case, it’s like someone with a fantasy disorder who fantasises that someone is chasing after them, so the whole person is caught up in endless escapes, and even though in reality there is no one chasing after him, but in his world, the chase is real.”
“I also realised this through careful observation just now!”
Patriarch Jiang followed Chen Ping and explained in detail!
Chen Ping instantly came to a realisation, after all, the residual soul was a spirit body, and trying to rely on physical shackles to bind it was obviously somewhat impossible!
Just as Chen Ping and Patriarch Jiang were talking, a green light suddenly flickered within the thick green smoke!
Along with the green light passing through that old man’s remnant soul one by one, a low roar emitted from the old man’s mouth!
Soon, the shackles on the old man’s residual soul slowly disappeared, and along with the disappearance of the shackles, the aura of the old man’s body began to diffuse and rise!
Even if it was just a wisp of a remnant soul, the aura from the old man’s body shocked Chen Ping and Patriarch Jiang!
“Which demonic elder in the Heavenly Realm is this?”
Patriarch Jiang said with a face full of shock!
After all, one who exuded such an aura from a single wisp of residual soul could never be a fallen cultivator from the Celestial Realm!
“Roar …………”
Just as Chen Ping and Patriarch Jiang were shocked at the aura on the old man’s remnant soul, a sudden beast roar rang out!
Patriarch Jiang froze, “Where did that sound come from?”
Chen Ping was also stunned, and before he could react, that Heaven Swallowing Beast unexpectedly ran out of the storage ring by itself!
Now, this Heaven Swallowing Beast was the only one that could enter and exit the storage ring at will without being summoned by Chen Ping’s mind!