Upon hearing this, that Fifth Grade cultivator of the Transition Realm felt that this was also the case, so he frowned slightly and said, “Are you the same Chen Ping who was given a kill order by the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Years of Offerings?”
“Yes, that’s me, kill me and you’ll get the Demon Sealing Alliance Hundred Year Offering!”
Chen Ping unexpectedly nodded his head and admitted without hesitation!
At this moment, so everyone was confused, not understanding how Chen Ping dared to admit it?
Didn’t he know that admitting it would mean death?
It was only the third rank of the Transition Realm, there were many of these people present who were able to kill him!
“Good, since you have admitted it, then don’t blame me, it is better to kill by mistake than to let go!”
That Fifth Grade cultivator of the Transition Realm saw Chen Ping admitting, and no longer hesitated, he directly struck out!
Only to see this fellow slap his palm towards Chen Ping!
With a gap of two realms, in his opinion, he only needed one palm to be able to kill Chen Ping on the spot!
But just as this fellow slapped out his palm, Chen Ping also moved!
Chen Ping also slapped out!
However, Chen Ping’s speed was even faster!
Slap!
The slap went down and instantly sent that Fifth Grade Cultivator of the Transition Realm flying before falling heavily in front of the crowd!
Immediately after that, he spat out blood from his mouth and directly lost his breath!
Along with the death, a wisp of soul within that cultivator slowly came out, wanting to escape the airship!
Chen Ping flicked his finger and a Supreme Flame instantly ignited the cultivator’s soul!
Amidst the mournful screams, that cultivator’s soul was also burnt to the ground!
The physical body died, and the soul was also burnt to nothing!
There was no more possibility of survival!
On the airship, all the cultivators looked at Chen Ping in shock, each dumbstruck.
They had never expected that Chen Ping, a third ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, had smoked a fifth ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm to death with a single slap!
This was too outrageous, wasn’t it?
Chen Ping, on the other hand, swept a glance at the crowd, and then said with a cold expression, “Who else wants that Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred-year offering, they can make their move now!”
Facing Chen Ping’s icy cold eyes, many people lowered their heads.
They also finally understood why Chen Ping only had a cultivation of the third grade of the Transition Realm while that Demon Sealing Alliance had to take out a hundred years of offerings as a reward!
Seeing that the many cultivators on the blimp were subdued by himself, Chen Ping walked towards the outside of the blimp!
Since these people were here to find themselves, Chen Ping would always have to face them!
But relying on Elder Sun and the others, he was afraid that they would not be a match for these people!
And outside the dirigible, the one-eyed cultivator had run out of patience and said icily to Elder Sun, “Hand over the people, if you don’t call them out, I will kill everyone.”
“Your Wan Tong Pavilion has no way to protect the safety of travellers, let’s see if there’s still anyone sitting in your Wan Tong Pavilion’s blimp ……”
Along with the one-eyed cultivator opening his mouth, an aura of depression and murder continued to fill the air, and the pressure on his body even shook out!
The dozen or so demonic cultivators all had a murderous look on their faces, ready to strike at any time!
Those young cultivators on the dirigible, one by one felt this killing aura, all cold sweat, originally wanted to go to the Guanghan Palace in style, but to be killed halfway!
“Fellow Daoist, do you really want to die? If you really fight, I’m afraid you guys won’t be able to take advantage of anything.”
Elder Sun said with cold eyes!
Although Elder Sun was also surprised to learn of Chen Ping’s identity, there was no way he would hand Chen Ping over!
Not to mention the fact that Chen Ping had given him a dozen or so sound transmission jade slips and had saved Elder Xia’s daughter!
Even if Chen Ping was an ordinary passenger of this airship, there was no way that Elder Sun would hand the person over!
If he handed him over, then how would Wantong Pavilion be able to do business in the future!
“Elder Sun, you’re the one who wants to fish out of water, I’m only asking you to hand over that Chen Ping, why are you hesitant to do so?”
“Is it possible that you are also spying on the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Year Offering?”
The one-eyed cultivator asked!