Ge Fuhai ordered someone to prepare a room for Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping entered the room, he found that it was clean, with a faint fragrance and all sorts of decorations, it looked like a woman’s boudoir!
Chen Ping was a bit stunned, not understanding why Ge Fuhai had arranged himself in such a room?
But Chen Ping didn’t think about it, he just lay down on the bed and looked forward to entering the secret realm tomorrow!
After following Ge Fuhai’s conversation today, Chen Ping realised that the world was so big that there was more than just the Kyoto Martial Arts Union.
Unknowingly, Chen Ping fell into a deep sleep.
But after an unknown amount of time, Chen Ping actually felt someone groping for something on his body!
Chen Ping was suddenly startled and instinctively slapped out with a slap!
Chen Ping’s forehead was covered in cold sweat, his heart was in shock, he had never slept so carelessly before, the person was in front of him and he only noticed it!
“Ah ……”
A woman’s cry of alarm rang out, causing Chen Ping’s palm, which was ready to swing out again, to stop!
Hastily turning on the light, Chen Ping was surprised to find that Ge Jiayi was standing in front of him.
The person who was groping his body just now was Ge Jiayi!
At this moment, Ge Jiayi was only wearing a thin nightgown, which was very transparent under the light!
“Miss Ge, are you alright?”
Chen Ping didn’t dare to look directly at Ge Jiayi, and turned his head to the side to ask.
“You’ve struck too hard, you don’t know how to have any mercy on the jade!”
Ge Jiayi pouted her lips, seemingly a little angry.
“Sorry, I didn’t know it was you, and what are you doing sneaking into my room in the middle of the night?”
Chen Ping asked.
“This is my room, how come I can’t come?”
Ge Jiayi asked rhetorically.
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately panicked a little and quickly apologised, “Miss Ge, sorry, I might have gone to the wrong room.”
Chen Ping was very embarra*sed at this point and thought it was because of himself that he had gone to the wrong room!
Just as Chen Ping was about to go out, he was stopped by Ge Jiayi, “You didn’t go to the wrong room, I was the one who let you stay in my room.”
Chen Ping was stunned and looked at Ge Jiayi incredulously.
At this moment, Ge Chia-Yi had obviously gone through a simple dressing up, and her fair face was flushed with a hint of red!
“I like you, so I want you to stay in my room, and I want to be your woman ……”
Ge Jiayi surprisingly said bluntly to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly took two steps back and said, “Miss Ge, I’m really sorry, I …… already have a girlfriend.”
“I know, I don’t care, I don’t want a name either, as long as I can be with you!”
Ge Jiayi did not care, said.
“Miss Ge, I’m really sorry, I really can’t ……”
Chen Ping said, somewhat woefully about to walk out.
But who knows, Ge Jiayi hugged Chen Ping from behind and asked somewhat sorrowfully, “Is it because I’m not pretty? Could it be that I am not strong enough? Could it be that the status of our Ge family is not good? Why why why?”
Chen Ping felt the warmth of Ge Jiayi’s body, and said slowly as he recited the Clear Heart Mantra in his heart, “Miss Ge, you are beautiful, and among the women, you are also the strongest.”
“Your Ge family has a position in Kyoto then too, it’s just that …… it’s just that my girlfriend is still imprisoned in the Martial Union and I just want to get her out now ……”
Chen Ping gently broke away Ge Jiayi’s hands and tried to break free from Ge Jiayi’s embrace!
“I really can’t want anything, really, just treat me as a tool for you to vent, why can your girlfriend get you but I can’t?”
“I like you, I really do, so much so that I’m your shadow every night ……”
“Do you think I’m a b*tch now? But I don’t care.”
“You know how many people are courting me in Kyoto, but I won’t even look at them, I’m a girl, I’m so proactive, why can’t you take pity on me?”
Ge Jiayi cried, unable to stop her tears from flowing out.