The referee elder, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping and asked, ‘Do you admit defeat?’
‘If you admit defeat now, you won’t be allowed to participate in the assessment competition for three years!’
‘I won’t admit defeat, I won’t admit defeat even if I die, burn me to ashes if you have the ability!’
Chen Ping stood up and said with a face full of arrogance!
He was about to provoke Liu Sh*tong into anger, so that he would unreservedly explode that to fire to burn himself!
Chen Ping was not afraid of that Liu Sh*tong’s supreme fire!
‘Junior Brother, stop talking, quickly admit defeat, or else you will really be burnt to death.’
Qian Xiu shouted!
‘Junior brother, don’t be a tough talker!’
Wei Qing had a worried look on his face, he didn’t understand, this senior brother of his, why was his mouth so hard!
Just admit a loss, it’s not going to kill anyone!
‘I don’t have any other skills, I’m just a tough talker, I won’t admit defeat even if I die!’
Chen Ping tilted his head and said arrogantly!
‘Good, then I will burn this mouth of yours and see how long you can be hard.’
Liu Sh*tong’s face was filled with anger, and after leaping, he crossed his hands in front of his chest.
Soon a large web of intertwined flames appeared!
The Black Demon Lotus was trembling slightly as the fused Supreme Flame erupted with a scorching temperature!
If there wasn’t a formation to isolate them, it was expected that those of the others would have been burned!
‘Referee Elder, as a referee, are you just going to watch the disciples within the sect kill each other?’
‘If my senior disciple dies, this matter will definitely not be over, and you will be harshly reprimanded as well.’
Seeing this, Wei Qing could only threaten that referee elder to come to the rescue!
Otherwise, Chen Ping would really die on top of that martial arts platform!
The Referee Elder frowned slightly, his expression was very unhappy, how to say that he was also an Elder, but he was even threatened by Wei Qing!
Moreover, the referee elder also had a self-awareness, with this amount of strength of his, if he was very much out to stop it, he was afraid that he would not necessarily be able to block it!
After all, that Liu Sh*tong was a cultivator of the 8th rank of the Transition Realm, and he had also refined the Purple Flame Sect’s top secret Supreme Flames!
These flames were something that none of the ordinary Elders had ever seen before!
However, after thinking about it for a while, that referee elder still pressed the switch, and the formation was instantly shut down!
But after thinking about it again and again, that referee elder still pressed the switch, and the formation was instantly shut down!
‘Stop ……’
Immediately after, the referee elder combined with a few other referees and made a move at the same time, which blocked Liu Sh*tong’s attack!
‘Liu Sh*tong, the winner has already been decided, so there’s no need to kill in pain!’
The referee elder said!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was helpless, if he was able to curse, he really wanted to curse this Referee Elder for meddling in his business!
Liu Sh*tong also frowned, he had used the Top Secret Supreme Flame in order to kill Chen Ping, he had not hesitated to cast the Black Demon Lotus!
After this battle, Liu Sh*tong was afraid that he would have to recuperate for a year and a half!
To pay such a large price in exchange for a Chen Ping losing, he would not agree!
What’s more, Chen Ping had yet to admit defeat.
‘Referee Elder, the other party hasn’t conceded defeat yet, do you strong items want to intervene?’
Liu Sh*tong asked with his eyes filled with anger!
‘Although he hasn’t admitted defeat, but the result is obvious to everyone, they are all from the same sect, there is no need to kill them bitterly!’
The referee elder slowly said!
‘Then what if I don’t stop?’
Liu Sh*tong’s eyes slightly stared!
‘If you don’t stop, then the few of us old guys will only be able to accompany you for practice, and the matter will be reported to the Sect Master.’
‘Although you are the new Sect Master’s favoured disciple, you have broken the rules of the Purple Flame Sect, let’s see if the new Sect Master will spare you!’
The referee elder threatened Liu Sh*tong!
At this moment, Liu Sh*tong wilted a little, if he were to make a move, he was afraid that things were going to get serious!
But just as Liu Sh*tong was about to let Chen Ping go, Chen Ping was in a hurry!
‘Who told you guys to mind your own business, I’m still waiting to beat this Liu Sh*tong down.’
‘Don’t be nosy with your dog, I won’t admit defeat even if I die on the martial arts stage.’
‘………………’
Chen Ping turned to that head referee and gave a mouthful of output!
This time, it made that referee elder angry enough!