The bar lobby, by this time Lin Tianhu had already brought people and kicked all the customers out, all the staff inside the bar were surrounded in the corner and crouched on the ground!
Wang Han Han saw so many people, and they were all armed, she was so scared that her face turned pale, one hand clutching Chen Ping’s arm, trembling slightly!
“Don’t be afraid ……” Chen Ping softly comforted Wang Han Han!
Lin Tianhu saw Chen Ping coming out and was about to go forward to speak, but was stopped by Chen Ping with a look.
Chen Ping didn’t want Wang Han Han to know that he knew Lin Tian Hu!
After all, Lin Tianhu was not a good person in the eyes of ordinary people, and if his parents found out that he was following Lin Tianhu, they would be furious!
Lin Tianhu instantly understood the meaning in Chen Ping’s eyes, and after a wave of his hand, the people guarding the entrance to the bar immediately flashed out of the way!
Chen Ping just pulled Wang Han Han and walked out under the watchful eyes of dozens of people!
The two of them had just walked out of the bar when they heard a scream and the sound of smashing from inside the bar!
After hailing a taxi, Chen Ping took Wang Han Han home.
On the way back, Wang Han Han looked at Chen Ping and tried to open her mouth several times to explain something, but every time she failed to say anything!
“Why did you come back to work in a place like this?”
Chen Ping was the first to speak up!
Wang Han Han lowered her head, rubbing her hands together, biting her lips to death, and only after a while did she say, “Brother Chen Ping, can you not tell my mother, if she finds out, she’ll be furious ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
Wang Han Han gathered her emotions and then continued, “I owe a million dollars to loan sharks now, if I don’t go to work in that kind of place, there is no way to pay back this money, if I can’t pay it back, they will go to my mother for it ……… …”
Wang Han Han said, tears snapping down her face!
“How can you owe so much money?” Chen Ping frowned slightly!
Wang Han Han’s family was not very well off, so Wang Han Han had been very frugal since she was young and never spent money indiscriminately, so how could she suddenly owe so much money all of a sudden!
When Chen Ping asked, Wang Han Han cried even harder, crying as she said, “When I was in college, I met a boyfriend, he was two years older than me, he was my senior, later after he graduated, because he needed money to start his own business, so he used my identity to borrow from loan sharks, but who knew that after borrowing the money, I couldn’t contact him anymore… ………”
When Wang Hanhan finished speaking, Chen Ping instantly understood that she had been cheated by that so-called boyfriend!
At this moment, the driver driving the taxi sighed: “Hey, nowadays, these little girls are too simple, too easy to trust people, one million is not a small amount, two days ago I even heard that a little girl committed suicide by jumping into the river because of loan sharks ……”
“Han Han, don’t cry, I’ll help you think of a way out of this one million ……”
Chen Ping gently patted Wang Han Han’s shoulder!
Wang Han Han raised her head and looked at Chen Ping gratefully, “Brother Chen Ping, I know you just got out of prison, you don’t even have a job, where can you get so much money, you just don’t tell my mum, I’ll figure it out myself, don’t worry, I won’t do anything stupid, if I go, my mum will definitely not survive …… ”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, did not say anything, but Wang Hanhan this one million loan shark matter, he will certainly help to deal with.
Now he still has the card given by Su Wenzong, there is still ten million inside, even if it uses more money, Chen Ping can follow Lin Tianhu to ask, after all, now the whole Gathering Hall is their own!
When back to the community, the taxi driver did not take Chen Ping their money, but a smile on his face to look at Wang Han Han said: “Little girl, think happy, the sky can pa*s ………… ”
After saying that, the taxi driver left with a kick of the gas, looking at the back of the taxi, Chen Ping lamented, this world is still good people!