Hongcheng Hospital!
Xiao Yan hurriedly arrived and directly threw a suit to Xiao Lei saying, “Change your clothes and come with me!”
“Dad, I’m recovering from my injuries, where are we going?”
Xiao Lei asked with a puzzled face.
“Take you to a banquet!” Xiao Yan said.
“No, I broke my arm and I am now recuperating, what kind of banquet am I going to!”
When Xiao Lei heard this, he lost interest.
He had attended quite a few banquets, but they were just about eating and drinking and bragging to each other, and he had to be very formal in a suit, so he was not happy to go.
“b*****d, do you know who is organising this banquet? That’s ancient, the whole Hong City has dignified people went there, this time you give me a good performance, in the future the Xiao family industry is to be handed over to you, don’t give me defeat ……”
Xiao Yan said as he slapped towards Xiao Lei’s head.
Once he heard that it was a banquet held by the ancient, Xiao Lei did not dare to say anything else and hurriedly changed his clothes, but with a broken arm, Xiao Lei himself simply could not change!
“Where is your girlfriend, she is not here to take care of you, where did she go? Let her come and help you change, eleven o’clock at noon at the Regal Hotel, don’t give me permission to be late, I have other things to do!”
Xiao Yan said and left!
Xiao Lei looked at the time and didn’t dare to delay, he called Geng Shanshan and called her back straight away!
…………
At 10:30 at noon, the entire Regal Hotel was already piled up with luxury cars in front of it, and all the dignified people from the political and business worlds had arrived early in advance!
One by one, they exchanged pleasantries, then took the invitations in their hands and walked inside the hotel one after another!
However, the family members of the entourage could only wait outside the hotel.
The reason why Gu Mantian only invited people at the helm of each family or department was to reduce the number of people at the banquet, he was afraid that there would be too many people, and Chen Ping would be bored with the chaos!
Xiao Lei came too with one arm crossed, Geng Shanshan was supporting him on the side, seeing so many bigwigs on the scene, Geng Shanshan’s heart was beating out with excitement!
“Stand here properly for me, don’t cause me any trouble, the ones who are here this time are not ordinary people!”
Xiao Yan barked at Xiao Lei!
“Dad, I’m not going in?”
Xiao Lei was dumbfounded, he had called him here, but he was not allowed to go in!
“Nonsense, the people invited to this banquet are all family heads or leaders at all levels, what qualifications do you have?”
Xiao Yan said as he glared at Xiao Lei.
Xiao Lei was immediately a little upset, “What’s the point of shouting me here if you won’t let me in? It’s all going to be sunburnt!”
Hearing Xiao Lei’s words, Xiao Yan really wanted to give him two fierce kicks, so many people were waiting outside, could it be that these were all fools?
This was a once-in-a-lifetime good opportunity, making more friends would always be good for his company’s development, it was just a pity that Xiao Lei would just eat, drink and have fun without thinking about anything else.
“Remember, if I don’t see you when I come out, I will cut off your pocket money for half a year!”
Xiao Yan threatened at Xiao Lei, he was really afraid that Xiao Lei would run back again if he was not happy!
When he heard that his pocket money would be cut off for half a year, Xiao Lei trembled in fear and nodded his head, “I won’t leave, I’ll stay here!”
Xiao Yan walked into the hotel relieved, Xiao Lei and that Geng Shanshan could only bask in the sun at the entrance!
At this time, Chen Ping and Su Yuqi also arrived!
“Wait for me here, I will go and make some arrangements, later on, the two of us will sneak in through the back door!”
After getting out of the car, Su Yuqi said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Su Yuqi went to make the arrangements, while Chen Ping stood in place somewhat bored, these people who came were all from the upper cla*s, Chen Ping didn’t know any of them, so he could only fiddle with his phone in boredom.
The sharp-eyed Geng Shanshan saw Chen Ping at a glance, and when she saw that Chen Ping was playing with his phone by himself without anyone to take care of him, Geng Shanshan suddenly sneered.
“Brother Lei, isn’t that Chen Ping? Just like him is he worthy to come to the banquet?”
Geng Shanshan whispered to Xiao Lei.