Anna nodded, “We have encountered also several chases along the way, I guess these people were also sent by my brother, he didn’t want me to live ……”
“I really didn’t expect that the power struggle abroad, is also very cruel.”
At this time, Fan Jiang spoke.
“In that case, let’s go back ……”
Chen Ping took Anna and prepared to go back!
But just after turning around and taking two steps, four men in black appeared, all four of them masked, holding machetes in their hands, each with murderous intent in their eyes!
Seeing the sudden appearance of the four men in black, Andrew was like a great enemy, protecting Anna tightly!
Chen Ping took a look at these four men, all of them were Martial Marquis, they were considered experts!
If these four men were to deal with Andrew, then Andrew would definitely not be a match.
“Andrew, if you hand over Princess Anna, I can spare you from death, otherwise I will strip your bear skin for clothes ……”
A man in black, full of mockery, said to Andrew.
“Impossible, I am Princess Anna’s guard, I can die, but I will never let you hurt Princess Anna!”
Andrew said with an icy face.
“Good, since you kid is obsessed, then we will kill you and then kill Princess Anna before ……”
After saying that, a burst of icy coldness radiated from all four men in black.
The four men’s auras instantly locked onto Andrew!
As for the nearby Chen Ping and Fan Jiang, they acted as if they didn’t see them!
For Chen Ping and Fan Jiang, who were relatively thin and weak, these four men in black simply ignored them.
“Roar ……”
Seeing this, Andrew directly activated his transformation mode and raised his strength to the maximum!
Only to see Andrew’s body wrapped in fur, revealing his sharp fangs!
Transforming into the form of a brown bear, he hissed loudly and clung to Anna’s protection!
“Hmph, even if you transform, what can you do?”
One of the men in black snorted coldly, followed by the four men heading towards Andrew together.
Andrew roared, and rushed up too, following the four men in black in a tangle!
With the strength of the same Martial Marquis, the melee of several men instantly caused explosions all around and snow to be thrown into the sky and slowly fall down again!
Even though Andrew had transformed and raised himself to his full strength, he was still no match for the four men in black!
Andrew’s huge body was hit by one of the black-clad men, and he rose up in the air and hit the ground hard, making a deep crater in the hard ground!
Anna saw this, her eyes full of panic and anxiety.
“Roar ……”
Andrew roared again and rose up violently, followed by that wide bear paw, slapping towards those four men in black!
At that moment two men in black directly stopped Andrew.
The other two men in black, on the other hand, came towards Anna!
Anna saw this and her body kept regretting it, but soon the two men in black reached Anna’s face.
“Princess Anna, are you going to make your own decision or do you need us to do it?”
One of the men in black asked at Anna.
“Who the hell are you people? Have you been sent by my brother?”
Anna asked at the man in black.
“You don’t need to know that, we’ll tell you when you’re dead.”
The man in black said with a cold smile.
Anna bit her lips to death, facing the man in black who was so powerful, Anna knew she was in deep sh*t this time!
“Mr. Chen, these guys seem to be ignoring us a bit.”
Fan Jiang said as he looked towards Chen Ping.
“En, being ignored ……”
Chen Ping smiled!
One should know that Chen Ping was now a household name in Grand Xia, and would never be ignored.
But here, he was directly ignored!
“Since it’s useless for these guys to grow eyes, I’ll just hold it for them ……”
Fan Jiang asked.
“I think it’s fine!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
This was Fan Jiang wanting to take a shot, and Chen Ping agreed.