Chen Ping knew that once he made a move to entangle himself, the remaining demonic cultivators would soon arrive!
Along with a fist shadow hitting Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping did not stop for a second!
“You won’t be able to escape ……”
Another demonic cultivator blocked Chen Ping’s path to them!
Without any nonsense, Chen Ping directly offered his Dragon Cutting Sword and chopped out in a smooth motion!
The roiling sword awns directly decimated that demonic cultivator, and even his divine soul did not have the slightest chance of escaping!
When he died, that demonic cultivator’s eyes were wide open, his face full of incredulity, he didn’t expect that he would be killed in seconds by a seventh grade cultivator of the Transitional Appearance realm!
If it was that green-clothed cultivator and the others, they definitely wouldn’t have faced Chen Ping straight on like this, after all, they had fought with Chen Ping and knew his true strength!
After all, they had fought with Chen Ping and knew his true strength! The devil cultivators brought by Ning Zhi in the back, all of them had not seen Chen Ping’s true strength, and that was why they were careless and were killed by Chen Ping with a single stroke of the sword!
However, it was this sword that also weakened Chen Ping’s speed at the same time!
In a moment, more than a dozen demonic cultivators surrounded them in all directions!
Ning Zhi also flew from the sea and came straight this way!
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed, knowing that it was not good enough to escape, so he brought Zhu Qingxiu back into the Dead Sea once again!
This way, there was no way for these demonic cultivators to be chasing after them!
“Sir Ning, that Chen Ping rushed out of the sea and after decapitating one of us, he ran back into the sea again, there’s no way for us to chase after him!”
The green-clothed cultivator said after seeing Ning Zhi!
“Don’t worry, they won’t be able to run away ……”
Ning Zhi looked at the sea with a ruthless look in his eyes!
Only to see his palms slowly raised, the sky and the earth instantly changed colour, and a mass of black mist came from far and near, finally covering the sea in a hundred mile radius!
Rumble …………
Chen Ping had just reached the bottom of the sea with Zhu Qingxiu when he felt the entire sea shake!
The calm seawater began to churn up, and the entire sea was in chaos!
A stream of black gas surged into the sea, causing the surroundings to instantly become as black as ink!
Deafening roars resounded through the heavens and earth!
Zhu Qingxiu was so scared that her face turned blue, unconsciously pulling on Chen Ping’s arm, her body trembling slightly!
The surrounding black qi slowly coalesced into a thick cylinder, which was then directly inserted into the seabed!
A cylinder was inserted into the seabed like a cage, followed by a pattern constantly lighting up on the black cylinder!
Spiritual light filled the air and the ripples flickered as the black mist wrapped around these columns, forming a large net!
This time, Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu were directly surrounded in the middle, as if they were in the middle of a prison!
“What is this …… thing, so scary ah ……”
Zhu Qingxiu’s brows furrowed as she said with some trembling!
“This Ning Zhi, it seems that he has also learnt a lot of things, but if he wants to play with me in a formation, he is still a bit young.”
“You help me to protect the spell, I will also re-carve the formation, I would have a look at whose formation is powerful.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and began to continuously carve formation patterns on the seabed, only this time, the formation patterns were somewhat special, the shapes were incredibly complex not to mention that each formation pattern emitted a golden glow!
If Zhu Qingxiu knew about formations, she would definitely be able to tell that what Chen Ping was carving was not just a formation pattern, this was a divine pattern!
This was something that he had learnt from the Divine Pattern Ancestor!
Zhu Qingxiu nervously surveyed the surroundings, he wanted to protect Chen Ping, so that Chen Ping could calmly lay down the formation!
However, she didn’t have a sword, but by relying on her bare hands, Zhu Qingxiu didn’t have any confidence at all!
Only to see the eerie sound of water around her getting louder and closer!
It was like there were countless figures swimming inside the seawater!
If it was before, Zhu Qingxiu wouldn’t be afraid because she didn’t believe that anyone could enter this Dead Sea!
But now, she had to be afraid because there were some cultivators that didn’t care about the temperature inside the Dead Sea!