“You know too much, so you’re going to die too ……”
Tiger Li Daxian looked towards Du Nan and slowly spoke!
Facing Tiger Li Daxian, Du Nan surprisingly did not have the initial panic, instead, he was replaced by a helpless face!
He knew that if the other party told him to die, there was no chance of him surviving!
Slowly closing his eyes, Du Nan waited for his fate to befall him!
“Everything you have was given to you by me, and now I am going to take it back ……”
With that, Tiger Li Daxian slowly raised his palm, and in his palm, a black ball of light appeared!
There seemed to be lightning flowing in the ball of light!
A suction force instantly hit Du Nan’s body, and the spiritual energy in Du Nan’s body was slowly draining away a little!
While Tiger Li Daxian was sucking up Du Nan’s strength, he didn’t notice that there was a deep pit not far away!
Chen Ping, whose face had long ago been disfigured and whose body had been disintegrated, was now flashing with light!
Chen Ping’s body was recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye!
In the blink of an eye, Chen Ping’s body no longer had a single wound, and his skin was glowing with a lustre.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s fleshly body had once again become a little stronger, and even his strength had broken through to the 8th realm of YuanYing!
Only one step away from the peak of YuanYing, Chen Ping did not expect that his desperate fight to the death would allow him to break through a realm.
Suddenly, Chen Ping opened his eyes with a cold chill in them!
Chen Ping rose up into the air, and then saw that Tiger Li Daxian, at this moment, was actually sucking up Du Nan’s strength!
Du Nan’s eyes were tightly closed at this moment, without a single struggle!
He had resigned himself to his fate!
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned, then let out an explosive shout and smashed his fist towards that Tiger Power Great Immortal!
Hearing Chen Ping’s shout, he startled Tiger Li Daxian!
Turning his head and seeing that it was Chen Ping, Tiger Li Daxian hurriedly stepped backwards with a look of surprise in his eyes!
“How is this possible? How could you have survived in the midst of that explosion?”
“Even if you had a YuanYing, under that kind of explosion, the YuanYing would have shattered long ago!”
Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes were filled with incredulity!
Du Nan also opened his eyes at this moment, and when he saw that Chen Ping was actually still alive, and as if there were no injuries above his body, his jaw dropped in shock.
“You a tiger spirit is not dead, how can I die ……”
Chen Ping coldly looked at that Tiger Li Daxian and said.
Upon hearing this, Tiger Li Daxian’s body shook slightly, and a huge aura instantly enveloped Chen Ping!
“I have now broken through the realm of Transformation, even if you are not dead, would you be my opponent.”
Tiger Li Daxian snorted coldly, his eyes filled with contempt!
Even if Chen Ping hadn’t died, it was impossible for a YuanYing to beat a Transformation, there was no small gap between the strength of such large realms!
Chen Ping frowned, feeling the aura on that Tiger Li Daxian, it did make Chen Ping feel a lot of pressure!
“Is it your opponent, and will not be your family’s word, only to try to know ……”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body likewise erupted out, the aura of the 8th realm of YuanYing, resisting Tiger Li Daxian’s intimidating pressure to death!
“You still want to try? What an ungrateful fellow ……”
After saying that, Tiger Li Daxian raised his palm, followed by a light slap out.
An unprecedented force instantly pounced towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body glowed with golden light, the Incorruptible Golden Body activated, scales began to cover Chen Ping’s entire body, resisting this terrifying force!
The biting wind, like a sharp blade, left a scar on Chen Ping’s body.
The imperishable golden body then crumbled, leaving Chen Ping completely exposed to this terrifying power!
Chen Ping glanced at Du Nan, who was not far behind him. If he fled at this moment, this Du Nan would definitely die, and the inhabitants of the entire Penglai Island would not know what would happen to them!