Seeing this, Chen Ping hurried towards Ji Meiyan!
But at this time, Ji Meiyan, her eyes were slightly closed, and her entire body was also wrapped in red light, and just as Chen Ping was approaching, a sudden huge force sent him flying!
“Roar …………”
The Origin Illusionary Beast let out a roar, followed by surprisingly turning its head and running towards the outside of the cave!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that this stone emitting red light must be the thing controlling this Origin Illusion Beast!
Only he had no way to get close now, so he shouted “Miss Ji, Miss Ji …………”
He wanted Ji Meiyan to wake up and pick up that stone!
But Ji Meiyan was as if she had fallen asleep, and did not move at all!
And that stone, too, slowly floated, followed by instantly entering Ji Meiyan’s body!
After that stone entered Ji Meiyan’s body, the aura of Ji Meiyan’s body burst out explosively!
A ravaging aura began to sweep through, and Ji Meiyan’s eyes opened, only at this time, her eyes were glowing red!
A large amount of Origin Qi in the surroundings unexpectedly swarmed towards Ji Meiyan’s body!
“How could this happen?”
Chen Ping was astonished, he did not expect that the stone, after entering Ji Meiyan’s body, would allow Ji Meiyan to absorb Origin Breath!
Could it be that a piece of stone had allowed Ji Meiyan to open up the Origin Space and perceive the Origin?
If this stone was really that magical, it would be a priceless treasure!
I don’t know how long, the red light around Ji Meiyan’s body slowly disappeared, and the Origin Breath tended to stabilise, not surging madly towards Ji Meiyan’s body!
“I …… what is wrong with me?”
Ji Meiyan looked at herself with some surprise!
She felt that her body was full of strength at the moment, and there was also an unknown aura surging through her body.
Chen Ping saw Ji Meiyan waking up, so this time he came closer and said “You have sensed the origin breath, just now your body has a large amount of origin breath surging in, now you can try to see what your own origin space is.”
After hearing this, Ji Meiyan somewhat half-heartedly sank her divine sense into her body, and soon realised with astonishment that in her sea of consciousness, there was a vast forest!
This was Ji Meiyan’s Origin Space, although it was not comparable to Chen Ping’s Cosmic Stars and Rivers, this Ji Meiyan’s Origin Space was also large enough!
It was much bigger than those whose opened Origin Space was a house, a palace!
“I …… I really perceived the Origin? I opened the Origin Space?”
Ji Meiyan was filled with disbelief!
“You try your own Origin breath ……”
Chen Ping said to Ji Meiyan!
Ji Meiyan nodded, then she slightly closed her eyes and mobilised the Origin Breath in her body, soon in front of Ji Meiyan, a War Wolf clad in golden armour unexpectedly appeared!
The war wolf hissed, revealing a bloody mouth, and this war wolf clad in golden armour was precisely conjured by Ji Meiyan’s Golden Origin!
It looked like this War Wolf was very powerful and majestic!
When Chen Ping saw this scene, he could not help but be a little awestruck, he did not expect that Ji Meiyan’s means of controlling her Golden Origin was to be illuminated into various items with offensive properties!
Whereas Chen Ping’s Golden Origin was more of a defensive nature, strengthening his Unbreakable Golden Body, in conjunction with the Thunderbolt Origin, it was a perfect match!
However, the means of manipulating the Origin was different, so even if it was the same Origin that was perceived, the way it manifested was different, just like the aura in the heavens and the earth, after it was transformed into Spiritual Power, the same Spiritual Power, different hand breaks, it would definitely manifest differently!
“What about the Origin Illusion Beast?”
Ji Meiyan asked to Chen Ping!
“Ran out, it’s not too late to chase it ……”
Chen Ping said!
After hearing this, Ji Meiyan instantly rushed towards the outside of the cave, and Chen Ping followed closely behind!