“What a big talker, if you are that confident, I can let you challenge me, as long as you can defeat me, I’ll let you become an inner disciple.”
At this time, Liu Sh*tong walked out with Lu San as well!
He happened to hear Chen Ping’s words, so Liu Sh*tong said with a disdainful face!
He simply did not believe that Chen Ping, a fellow of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, could still defeat himself!
He could defeat Chen Ping with one hand!
Liu Sh*tong’s words caused many people to gather around, and everyone was surprised to see that Chen Ping wanted to challenge Liu Sh*tong to join the inner disciples!
One must know that Chen Ping was only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, while that Liu Sh*tong was at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm!
This was too much of a difference!
“Senior brother, don’t listen to him, we’re thinking of a way, when master comes out of the council chamber, we’ll discuss it with master.”
“If you follow Liu Sh*tong in a match, it’s certain death, this guy is not good at keeping his hand.”
“Besides, even if it’s a ring match, you don’t need to look for Liu Sh*tong, you can just pick from the deacon disciples, it’s your right.”
Wei Qing hurriedly said after Chen Ping!
He was afraid that Chen Ping did not know the rules and fell for that Liu Sh*tong’s trick!
“Wei Qing, what right or not, he has no choice but to compete with me, he chooses someone else and I don’t pass, don’t forget that I’m the chief examiner of the examination.”
Liu Sh*tong said with gloomy eyes!
This time the assessment stabbed such a big basket, Liu Sh*tong’s heart is not comfortable, this is just the right time to find Chen Ping out of anger!
“You are too despicable ……”
Seeing this, Qian Xiu looked at Liu Sh*tong angrily!
“Despicable?”
Liu Sh*tong smiled, “This is the clan’s rules, are you saying that the people who make the rules in the clan are despicable?”
“Hahaha, if you guys want to pass the hurdle of becoming an inner disciple, you have to pass through Senior Brother Liu.”
“Otherwise, none of you will be able to become an inner disciple.”
Lu San smiled smugly!
“Kid, seeing that you have not bad qualifications, if you switch to our lineage now, I can easily make you an inner disciple.”
Liu Sh*tong said to Chen Ping.
“Are you worthy?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
“Kid, there’s a time when you don’t talk tough, if you want to become an inner disciple, then beat me!”
Liu Sh*tong’s eyes were slightly condensed!
Wei Qing was about to be infuriated at this point!
He was also a deacon disciple, but he didn’t have any power at all right now, who let that Liu Sh*tong’s master become the new sect master!
He was now worried that Chen Ping would definitely be injured if he followed that Liu Sh*tong!
It might even be directly wasted!
“Beating you is much easier than sh*tting and farting!”
Chen Ping looked at that Liu Sh*tong with a disdainful face!
Chen Ping’s words instantly caused everyone to look at him, all of them with a look of surprise!
A Transition Realm 4th Grade cultivator dared to say that defeating a Transition Realm 8th Grade cultivator was easier than sh*tting and farting?
This was too much bragging!
“Senior brother, stop talking and shut your mouth!”
Wei Qing frowned, he was afraid that this Chen Ping was irritating that Liu Sh*tong and it would end badly!
Qian Xiu and the others also persuaded Chen Ping not to open his mouth anymore!
“Senior brother, what I said is the truth, why can’t I say it?”
“With his kind of strength, I can crush him with one hand!”
Chen Ping coldly laughed!
Since he couldn’t be hiding his strength anymore, Chen Ping simply took the bull by the horns!
What Chen Ping said was indeed the truth, as far as Liu Sh*tong’s strength was concerned, Chen Ping was indeed able to defeat him with one hand!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Liu Sh*tong’s face turned red with anger and said, “Kid, you’re too crazy, I’m telling you, in the ring even if I waste you, that’s what you deserve, there won’t be any punishment.”
“Then in the ring, if I waste you, will there be any punishment?”
Chen Ping asked!
Wei Qing was also speechless as he listened to Chen Ping’s words.
There had to be a limit to pretending, Chen Ping’s pretence was a little too much!
The other brothers and sisters all looked at Chen Ping, their eyes full of shame and laughter!