Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun were also worried about Chen Ping, after all, those demonic cultivators were not easy to deal with!
However, just as everyone was worried, Chen Ping had brought Old Man Miao and the others over!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?”
Seeing Chen Ping, Ji Yun hurriedly greeted him!
“Grandpa ……,” Miao Miao also shouted happily when she saw that Miao Lao was also fine!
“It’s alright, those demonic cultivators have all been beaten away.”
Elder Miao said with a faint smile!
At this time, Pill Master Chen, who was refining pills, saw Chen Ping coming and immediately came over and said “Pill Dignitary, although Boss Cai’s injuries are not serious, but if he wants to walk out of this Chilian Mountain Range on foot, it is estimated to be difficult enough, and he needs to recuperate for two days before he can do it, or else you can help to take a look at it?”
Pill Master Chen knew that he was not as good as Chen Ping, so he said with great humility!
Chen Ping just glanced at Cai Hongwei and then said “He has injured his meridians, he does need to recuperate for a while, but we must now find a safe place first.”
“This Chilian Mountain Range is infested with demonic beasts and now there are demonic cultivators, where is a safe place ah?”
Apothecary Chen was a bit worried!
Many of them were entering the Chilian Mountain Range for the first time and had no idea where it was safe!
“I know a place where it should be safer, even if there are demonic beasts, they will hide in that area.”
“There’s a cave there, I’ve been in there before, there’s nothing in there, but there’s no demonic beasts entering within a ten mile radius of that cave, it’s very strange.”
Cai Hongwei opened his mouth and said!
He had walked in this Chilian Mountain Range many times, so it was normal for him to know places that others didn’t know about!
“None of the demonic beasts dare to set foot in it?” Chen Ping looked a little puzzled after hearing that “If that’s the case, that place is afraid that there is something that the demonic beasts are afraid of, right?”
“That was what I thought at the time, but I did check in that cave and found nothing, I also suspected if there was a treasure in that place, only I never found it.”
Cai Hongwei explained after Chen Ping!
r> “Then let’s go to that cave and rest for a day, and wait for Boss Cai to be in better health before we rush.”
Chen Ping proposed.
Chen Ping’s proposal was very much agreed to by the crowd, after all, without Cai Hongwei leading the way, they wouldn’t be able to get out of this Chilian Mountain Range.
What’s more, the battle just now had also made the crowd very tired, and they needed to take a good rest and replenish their spiritual energy before they could do so!
The crowd assisted Cai Hongwei and began to head towards the cave that Cai Hongwei had mentioned!
On the other hand, Protector Gong also followed Elder Fei and the others to join together!
What was originally a sure win ended up getting to the point where he was being chased!
“Damn, I didn’t expect this kid to have an expert by his side, almost planted ……”
Elder Fei gritted his teeth and said with an angry face!
“Elder Fei, then what do we do? Now that those human cultivators are very united, it is estimated that it will be difficult for us to make a move against that Chen Ping in this Chilian Mountain Range.”
Protector Gong asked!
A Chen Ping had almost cost him his life, and he had also released all the Golden Silkworm Compass Poison that he had managed to cultivate with great difficulty, it was simply a great loss!
“After this Chilian Mountain Range, it’s the Southern Region’s Meteorite Sun City, they’ll definitely be refurbishing there, we’ll first go to Meteorite Sun City to contact the city’s Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Right now, relying on our strength alone, I’m afraid that we won’t be able to kill that brat Chen Ping.”
Elder Fei said with a grave expression!
“Elder, if we go to Meteor Sun City, the aura on our bodies will be discovered as our identities, we are all Demon Cultivators, going to that kind of densely populated city is too dangerous, isn’t it?”
Protector Gong asked in surprise!
If he wasn’t afraid of discovery, Protector Gong wouldn’t have been able to bring people to stay in this Chilian Mountain Range for years, suffering like a savage!
“Don’t worry, I have pills here to mask my breath, so if you eat them, you won’t expose your identity.”
Elder Fei pulled out some pills from his body and distributed them!
Protector Gong knew that this pills from Elder Fei must have been given by the Demon Sealing Alliance as well, after all, he was the only one in their Soulless Hall who was a pharmacist himself and was able to refine pills.