“Mr. Chen, feel free to ask whatever you want to know, there’s nothing I don’t know about the Eight Great Mysterious Realms!”
Walking out of the Ge family grounds, Hou Zhen said with confidence.
“Brother Hou, I wonder what the rules of this Secret Realm a*sembly are like, and what strength the experts in this Secret Realm can actually reach?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Mr. Chen, just call me monkey directly, it’s closer this way.”
Hou Zhen smiled lightly and continued immediately afterwards, “This Secret Realm a*sembly has not been held for many years, and this time the restart of the Secret Realm a*sembly should be related to the recovery of spiritual energy following the secular world!”
“The rules of the Secret Realm a*sembly are very simple, that is, each secret realm will send ten disciples, only the younger generation will be allowed to do so, there will be ten rings at that time, and they will take turns to compete.”
“If a person is defeated, they can choose another ring to fight in, and the victorious party occupies the top of the ring!”
“But being defeated three times in a row, that person will also be eliminated, while if a person can occupy a ring from the beginning to the end, that person will be written into the Wind and Cloud Ranking.”
“The characters who can be written into the Wind and Cloud Ranking are all gifted and unparalleled geniuses, and there are only five experts on the Wind and Cloud Ranking so far!”
“The results of the competition are determined based on each secret realm disciple, the number of times they win in the end, and will be divided into three rankings, with the remaining five secret realms having to take out resources and distribute them to the top three secret realms!”
“As for what realm is the strongest of these eight secret realms, I really don’t know anymore, but I heard that Yao Shenghui, who is number one on the Wind Cloud Ranking, should have reached the peak of the Divided God Realm by now, right?”
Hou Zhen gave Chen Ping a very detailed introduction, afraid that Chen Ping wouldn’t understand!
“The peak of the Divided God realm?” Chen Ping was slightly stunned, the peak of the Sub-Divine Realm would be the strength of a peak Martial God if cla*sified according to martial artists, Chen Ping was now at the strength of the third realm of Sub-Divine, but it was no longer a problem to deal with a peak Martial God martial artist!
In that case, Chen Ping could now take on someone at the top of the Wind Cloud Ranking, so the competition would not be as difficult as he had thought!
Moreover, the people in this secret realm did not have much higher cultivation realms either!
In fact, Chen Ping did not know that he could basically fight across a large realm against a secular martial artist, but if he was also an immortal cultivator, there was no way for Chen Ping’s strength to cross such a large span!
With Chen Ping’s strength at the Third Realm of the Distinctive Spirit, he would have little problem fighting an immortal cultivator at the Fifth Realm of the Distinctive Spirit, but if he came across a heavenly pride or an immortal cultivator with exceptional talent, Chen Ping would have to struggle against the Fifth Realm with the Third Realm!
Chen Ping had always fought with martial artists in the secular world, and he had always fought beyond his level, which made Chen Ping mistakenly believe that he could do the same when facing immortal cultivators!
“Mr. Chen doesn’t need to worry too much, like that Yao Shenghui, although he is powerful, Mr. Chen won’t necessarily run into them, after all, with so many people, they are all decided by lottery.”
Hou Zhen thought that Chen Ping was scared once he heard about the peak of the Distraction Realm, so he comforted him!
Little did he know that Chen Ping wasn’t scared, but was secretly happy inside!
The three of them walked and chatted while Chen Ping looked at the vast Gobi and could not help but sigh, “This secret realm of your Fire Sect is so desolate, I am afraid that there are very few resources, how exactly do you cultivate? Couldn’t you just rely on the spiritual energy of heaven and earth and slowly cultivate?”
“Mr. Chen doesn’t know, the major secret realms don’t have a lot of resources, or else they wouldn’t have cultivated spokesperson families in the secular world, and these spokesperson families would not only wait for the spiritual qi to recover, but also collect resources to send to the secret realm!”
“However, along with the Spiritual Qi recovery breaking, the demonic beast secret realm, which was already closed, is estimated to be open!”
Hou Zhen sighed and said.