Song Qingping’s words rendered Hu Ma Zi speechless!
Zhou Jie, on the other hand, was ashamed and cursed angrily at Song Qingping, “Song Qingping, you beast, kill me if you can, kill me ……”
“Mr. Chen, leave me alone, kill him, kill him ……”
Song Qingping’s hand was so hard that Zhou Jie couldn’t say anything instantly!
“Chen Ping, get out of the way quickly, as long as you let me go, I won’t kill her.”
Song Qingping said to Chen Ping.
“Whether you kill her or not doesn’t seem to have much to do with me, she’s from the Demon Spirit Sect, and we’ve only known each other for a short time, not even ordinary friends, so why should I let you go for her sake?”
Chen Ping sneered disdainfully.
When Song Qingping heard this, he directly froze, and then continued to increase the force in his hands, “I’m telling you, I’ll really kill him, think carefully ……”
“Kill it, you kill her, I’ll kill you ……”
Chen Ping walked towards Song Qingping!
But as Chen Ping was walking towards Song Qingping, he quietly gave a look towards Hu Pazzi!
Hu Puzi understood and quietly went to Song Qingping’s side!
“Stand still, you stand still, take one step forward and I’ll kill her ……”
Song Qingping started backing up and said loudly to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping sneered and didn’t stop, which caused Song Qingping to panic a little!
But at this time, Song Qingping’s attention was on Chen Ping and didn’t notice that Hu Ma Zi had reached his side!
Just as Song Qingping continued to retreat backwards, a sharp palm wind suddenly struck next to him!
He saw that Pocky Hu had struck out at Song Qingping!
Seeing this, Song Qingping instinctively swung his palm out towards Hu Ma Zi, blocking his attack!
Because Song Qingping had broken his arm, his palm strike must have loosened Zhou Jie’s grip!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took the opportunity to pull Zhou Jie back from Song Qingping in a hurry!
Boom!
Song Qingping followed Pocky Hu and exchanged a slap!
Even though Song Qingping was injured, he was at the peak of the Great Martial Marquis’ strength after all, so Pocky Hu was no match at all!
Hu Pocky’s body instantly flew backwards and a mouthful of blood gushed out!
Pockmark Hu fell heavily to the ground.
“Master Hu ……”
Seeing this, Zhou Jie’s eyes were filled with relations, only to rush over!
Song Qingping turned around and tried to run, while the Chopping Dragon Sword in Chen Ping’s hand struck, and the Chopping Dragon Sword directly pierced through Song Qingping’s body.
Looking at his pierced body, Song Qingping fell to the ground with a poof!
To his death, Song Qingping’s eyes had not yet closed!
On the other side, Zhou Jie held Hu Ma Zi’s head tightly and kept wiping the blood from the corner of Hu Ma Zi’s mouth.
“Master Hu, wake up, wake up! ……”
Zhou Jie shouted in concern!
And Pocky Hu’s eyes were tightly closed, his head in Zhou Jie’s arms, a body odour burrowing inside his nose!
Chen Ping walked over and just looked at Pocky Hu with a faint smile at the corner of his mouth!
“Mr. Chen, take a look at Master Hu, take a look at him ……”
Zhou Jie told Chen Ping to take a look at Pocky Hu and heal him!
While she looked at the dead Song Qingping, she ran straight over, took a knife, and slashed towards Song Qingping’s corpse!
Blood splattered and Song Qingping’s corpse was almost chopped into mush by Zhou Jie, the scene was unbearable.
And Chen Ping put one hand on Hu Ma Zi’s wrist and with a slight push, Hu Ma Zi opened his eyes and then desperately winked towards Chen Ping!
After Zhou Jie had finished venting, she turned around and walked over, asking with an anxious face, “Mr. Chen, how is Master Hu doing?”
Chen Ping had a gloomy face, then sighed, “Grandmaster Hu is badly injured, I need to bring it back to the hotel to heal before I can do so.”
After saying that, Chen Ping looked at Jiang Wei and said, “Brother Jiang, send someone to carry Master Hu back to the hotel, I need to treat him.”
Jiang Wei nodded and immediately ordered the Jiang family’s men to carry Grandmaster Hu out of the secret realm!