Qiu Tu glanced at the youngest sister’s brother, nodded and said, “Alright, but don’t be a womanizer, in front of interests, what are relatives ah, if I know that you dared to let them go, I will break you into pieces.”
“Duke Qiu don’t worry, since I chose to serve you, I will never have second thoughts.”
The youngest sister’s brother said fawningly!
Qiu Tu waved his hand in satisfaction and let Brother Missy press Xiong Gao and the three of them to leave!
At this time, Chen Ping, was sucked inside that precious gourd, surrounded by a dark void of space!
Stay here, Chen Ping is not afraid at all, but opened the heavenly dark eye to look around, some curious: “This is really a treasure gourd ah ……”
“Bullshit, this is an ordinary gourd, and then use the engraved formation, into the current appearance, this is not what a treasure gourd, more not what a spiritual treasure.”
“That idiot also said what this is what swallowed the sky gourd, really can blow ah, this if swallowed the sky gourd, I that swallowed the sky beast is what?”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch snorted coldly and said unhappily!
Obviously, this guy didn’t want anyone to borrow the two words Heaven Swallowing, only his Heaven Swallowing Beast could be worthy of the two words Heaven Swallowing!
“What are you so excited about? Of course I know that this gourd was condensed using formations plus space and time origin.”
“Otherwise I couldn’t have been sucked in by him ah, just the spatial origin within this gourd of his, it’s not worth mentioning at all, and the formation master who carved the formation is also very average.”
“If it really turns this gourd inside into a party world, I still respect some, as for now this void and chaos, it can only scare the little children!”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
True cultivators with skillful mastery of time and space essence were able to open up a side of the world.
A blade of grass, a tree, a mountain, a stone, all of them could open up a side of the world from it, and as for the size of the world to be opened up, that would depend on the strength of the cultivator!
Not like this, a chaotic space, there is no world at all.
Such a means, for cultivators who had not comprehended the origin of space or time, was still somewhat useful!
However, facing Chen Ping, a cultivator who had mastered the art of divine lines, and had also comprehended the time origin, this kind of childish trick could not trap him at all!
Although this small gourd had been inscribed with a hundred spell formations, they were all not very powerful and Chen Ping could break them with his hands!
Brush brush brush!
Suddenly, the void around him trembled, and Chen Ping saw a powerful wind blade shooting towards him from all directions!
“It turns out that there are also wind formations inscribed here ……”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, and then activated his Unbreakable Golden Body to hard receive these wind blades.
The golden light wrapped around Chen Ping, and these wind blades hit Chen Ping’s body as if they were scratching an itch, and were instantly shattered!
“These wind blades are not generated by a formation?”
Chen Ping could not help but frown as he felt the aura filling the surroundings!
He thought that these wind blades were generated by the wind formation engraved within the gourd, but having just been struck by that wind blade, although he was not injured, the aura that erupted from the wind blade after it shattered clearly felt a little off, giving Chen Ping a very peculiar feeling!
It was the shattered wind blades, which then transformed into aura, before regrouping and launching an attack towards Chen Ping!
Moreover, these wind blades were not attacking in a fixed position, but were constantly searching for their weak points!
In other words, it was as if these wind blades possessed spirituality and were not dead things!
With the help of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Chen Ping realized that these wind blades all came from a formation, and within this formation, there was a force of origin!
It was obvious that the person who carved the formation had left his wind origin within the formation, making the wind blades as if they had a spirit!