Peng Wu smiled faintly and said, ‘Compliments, but no one has been able to break this triple formation of mine in one incense stick time so far.’
‘You’d better stop gossiping, the time for one incense stick will come soon, hurry up and break the formation.’
Chen Ping however shook his head, ‘There is no hurry!’
‘What? Are you planning to admit defeat directly?’
Peng Wu asked!
‘Of course not, I’m just saying that there’s no rush to break the formation, just this kind of formation is ingenious, but I only need three breaths of time to break it.’
‘I said one incense stick, just to give Sect Master Peng some face ……’
Chen Ping said with a smile!
Chen Ping’s words immediately made Peng Wu’s face red with anger!
Three breaths of time?
What kind of joke is that?
‘Don’t try to show off your tongue, now that the incense has been burned halfway.’
Peng Wu said coldly!
White Chicory looked at Chen Ping’s pretentious appearance and also secretly snickered!
This guy, to be capable does have real ability, just too fond of pretending!
Gu Tianzhao on the side had long been tense at this time, if Chen Ping could not break the formation, then Peng Wu would remain as this door master and he would never have a chance!
Chen Ping was leisurely and comfortable with no hurry at all, but Gu Tianzhao was anxious!
‘Mr Chen, don’t waste your time, hurry up and break the formation, time is running out.’
‘This has wasted half an incense stick of time, hurry up, please ……’
Gu Tianzhao was going to be anxious to death!
Zheng Cai is the real Emperor is not in a hurry, but the eunuch is in a hurry!
Seeing Gu Tianzhao’s anxious look, Chen Ping laughed!
As for that Peng Wu, he looked at Gu Tianzhao curiously and said, ‘Elder Gu, do you know each other? It looks like you are in a hurry, are you hoping that I lose?’
‘No, I don’t ……’
Gu Tianzhao immediately looked embarrassed and stopped talking, but his fists were clenched and his hands were sweaty!
‘Alright, seeing that someone is in a hurry, I’ll break the formation then.’
‘You guys watch, in three breaths of time, these three formations will be broken!’
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his right hand opened, while he grabbed the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
Seeing Chen Ping breaking the formation and even offering his sword, Peng Wu frowned and said, ‘What, are you going to forcefully break the formation?’
‘Not bad, searching for the eyes of the formation is too much of a waste of time, I’m going to forcefully break this formation.’
Chen Ping nodded!
When Peng Wu heard this, he laughed out loud, ‘Kid, don’t blame me for not reminding you, if you look for the formation eye to break the formation, even if you can’t break the formation, there won’t be any harm done.’
‘But if you forcefully break the formation, you will suffer from the backlash of the formation at that time, and I won’t be responsible if you get hurt.’
‘Don’t worry, I won’t hold you responsible.’ Chen Ping smiled faintly!
‘Is this brat crazy, a mere sixth rank of the Transition Realm, to forcefully break the formation?’
‘I think it’s just madness, if he is proficient in the art of formations and searching for the formation eye there is still hope to break the formation, with his strength of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, it’s simply impossible to forcefully break the door owner’s formation!’
‘Let’s just dodge farther away, be careful of letting him get dragged into it later.’
When the crowd of the Two Yi Sect saw that Chen Ping was going to forcefully break the formation, they immediately discussed!
None of them believed that Chen Ping would be able to forcefully break the formation!
After all, Chen Ping’s strength was only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, how could this strength possibly break open the Triad Formation?
Just as the crowd was whispering, Chen Ping struck out!
One could only see Chen Ping’s body leap up, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand suddenly appeared in golden light!
Along with Chen Ping’s sword strike, a dragon’s roar resounded through the heavens and earth!
A large golden dragon appeared and roared as it rushed towards the formation!
‘What is this? A golden dragon?’
‘Too awesome, a mere sixth ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm is able to transform his sword qi into a golden dragon.’
‘Looks like this kid has some tricks up his sleeve!’
The crowd was astonished when they saw Chen Ping’s sword come out and the sword aura instantly transformed into a golden dragon!
Even that Peng Wu’s eyes were wide open, somewhat incredulous!
But even then, he did not believe that Chen Ping could forcefully break through his formation!