Are you kidding me?
He’s fighting with a Demon Lord from the Heavenly Realm?
Not to mention that the other party had a wisp of residual soul left, even if there was a divine sense left here, it was not something that he, a Mahayana Realm, could handle!
Now Wei Tianya finally understood why Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the fifth rank of the Transition Realm, was bullish!
Moreover, his own Elder Tu and Huo Dong, the Mahayana Realm cultivators, had all died in Chen Ping’s hands!
It turned out that there was such a Demon Lord living in the Sea of Consciousness, so there was still nothing to be afraid of!
However, Wei Tianya didn’t know that Chen Ping didn’t rely solely on the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
In addition to his own bloodline strength, Chen Ping had many other things he could use!
The Fire Essence, the Dragon Tattoo Bell, the Divine King’s Bow, and the little Heaven Swallowing Beast that only knows how to eat but doesn’t do much!
If this little guy woke up, he would also be able to kill the four directions!
At the same time, the origin space within Chen Ping’s body, that was a universe of stars, countless origin stars waiting to be lit up by Chen Ping!
These were also Chen Ping’s reliance, Chen Ping did not only have the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to rely on!
Wei Tianya didn’t know about all of this, all he knew right now was that the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, a Heavenly Realm Demon Monarch, had scared the piss out of him!
“Senior, ancestor, I was wrong, I didn’t know it was the ancestor divine soul, spoke out of turn and offended the ancestor ……”
Wei Tianya cried, crying and begging for forgiveness!
A great cultivator of the third rank of the Mahayana realm, the sect leader of the Ghost Face Sect!
Wei Tianya, who had a moment of unrivalled scenery and bullishness, cried at this moment!
Looking at Wei Tianya’s abject appearance, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch instantly lost interest!
At that time, when he came across Chen Ping, Chen Ping knew his identity and didn’t seem to cry in fear!
This f*cking goon, and he was still a Sovereign!
“Goon, what a f*cking disgrace to our demon race, get lost ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch had no more interest in playing and directly waved his hand, Wei Tianya’s silhouette instantly dissipated!
At the same time in the Ghost Face Sect’s main hall, Wei Tianya opened his eyes, his forehead was filled with cold sweat!
Underneath a look, a piece had already been wet!
Now, if he was given a few guts, he wouldn’t dare to seek revenge on Chen Ping again!
As for that Huo Yuan Ting, as he watched Wei Tianya crying and begging for mercy like a dog, and finally dissipating directly, his entire being was blinded!
He didn’t understand, what was the identity of this Demonic Soul within Chen Ping’s body, rather, that had scared Wei Tianya into tears!
Just now, when the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had announced himself, only Wei Tianya had heard it, and the others were not able to hear it at all!
But no matter what, just now, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spat and made Wei Tianya’s ghostly face instantly crumble, and this was seen with their own eyes!
This kind of strength, everyone of them present did not have!
Huo Yuan Ting knew that he was afraid that he would be in a bad way today!
However, looking at the Divine Flame Seal in Chen Ping’s hand, Huo Yuanting was also jealous!
This should have been his, he had gone to great lengths for the Divine Flame Seal, but now it had fallen into Chen Ping’s hands!
Wei Tianya left, and the entire Purple Flame Sect returned to peace!
The Red Cloud Demon Lord reentered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
“Junior Brother, you are truly wonderful ……”
Zhu Ling said as she looked at Chen Ping with eyes full of admiration!
Elder Yu, Wei Qing and the rest of them also gathered around, each of them praising Chen Ping!
“Huo Yuan Ting, now that your son is dead, and it was clearly you who colluded with the Ghost Face Sect, yet you falsely accused Elder Yu and the others.”
“Now I’m going to take back my order and remove you from your position as Acting Sect Master!”
The old Sect Master said as he coldly looked at Huo Yuanting!
“Remove me? On what grounds can you remove me?”
“You’re no longer the Sect Master, and I’m not the Acting Sect Master, I’m the real Sect Master of the Violet Flame Sect now, I have the Divine Flame Seal to recognise me.”
Huo Yuan Ting snorted coldly!
“Divine Flame Seal of Recognition?” The old Sect Master smiled, “Now that the Divine Flame Seal is no longer in your hands, what kind of Sect Master are you.”
“You don’t have the Divine Flame Seal anymore either, so you’re not the Sect Master either, so on what basis do you remove me?”
“According to the rules, I’m the final Sect Master of the Violet Flame Sect, and until a new Sect Master is born, even if I don’t have the Divine Flame Seal, I’m still the Sect Master.”
Huo Yuanting began to use the loopholes in the Violet Flame Sect’s rules to retort!