………………
Many people began to draw discussions, and Du Da, who had come from Penglai Island, was slowly becoming known.
But at this time, Du Da no longer cared, his main objective now was to kill Chen Ping as soon as possible and take away the Dragon Crystal and the YuanYing!
It was not even certain whether he would come to Grand Xia again in the future.
“Kid, no matter what conspiracy you play, it’s useless, you’re dead today ……”
Du Da thought that Chen Ping must have played some kind of conspiracy by informing so many people to come.
“Hmph, old thing, do you still need to play a conspiracy to deal with you?” Chen Ping smiled coldly, “But Penglai Island is really a good place, to be able to let you practice to the YuanYing realm, I think there must be some kind of relic on that Penglai Island, otherwise how could there be such a dense spiritual energy.”
Du Da’s eyes narrowed slightly, “Kid, you don’t need to care if there are any relics on Penglai Island, but you’re young and you’ve practiced to reach the YuanYing realm, and you’re still in the inland where spiritual qi is scarce, it seems that you have quite a few secrets hidden in you.”
“Although this skill of yours can be invincible in the same cla*s in the martial world, but compared to me, you are still a bit young, but seeing that it is not easy for you to cultivate, I will take your Dragon Crystal and YuanYing, so I will not destroy your three souls and seven bodies, so that you can be reincarnated as a human being ……”
The trees around him broke, and even the crowds of people hundreds of meters apart felt the strong aura and retreated into the distance.
Duda’s strength of a Third Grade Martial Marquis instantly appeared, but unlike other martial artists, Duda’s aura was even purer and had a great deterrent effect.
Feeling the aura on Du Da’s body, Chen Ping’s face wore a bit of disdain, but the golden light on his body flickered, followed by the Incorruptible Golden Body instantly covering his entire body.
“Chen Ping, the physical body of the YuanYing realm has long since ceased to be important, what use do you have to protect this body of yours? What you should be protecting is your YuanYing ……”
When Du Da finished speaking, an instant burst of spiritual energy erupted and struck towards Chen Ping’s chest.
Chen Ping’s right foot gave a violent burst, also a spiritual energy burst out, immediately after the two violently collided into each other.
A simple test and collision instantly caused the earth to tremble and heaven and earth to change colour!
Chen Ping and Du Da took three steps backwards at the same time!
This time, the two men were evenly matched.
At this very moment, several cars stopped a thousand metres apart.
Long Jingguo stepped down from the car, he had come to observe Chen Ping, to see how far Chen Ping’s strength had reached!
And in the other car stepped down was Mr. Shi.
“Mr Shi ……”
After seeing Mr. Shi, Long Jingguo’s body shook slightly, but he still went up to greet him!
Mr. Shi however nodded slightly and did not say anything, but instead, with a quick movement of his body, he went straight to the side of the hill and watched Chen Ping follow that Duda’s sparring match.
Long Jingguo looked at Mr Shi and his face turned ugly, he did not understand what Mr Shi’s purpose was in coming here, was he here to help that Chen Ping?
If Mr Shi had come to help Chen Ping, or even to step in when Chen Ping was in trouble, then their strategy in dealing with Chen Ping would have to change, after all, Mr Shi was so blatantly biased in favour of Chen Ping, who would dare to touch Mr Shi’s bad luck, these people in the martial arts community in Kyoto?
Mr. Shi followed Xing Jun and stood on the other side of the hill, quietly watching what was happening in front of them, although they were thousands of metres apart, to them, it was as if they were right in front of them.
“Captain Xing, tell me, who will win in the end, Chen Ping or this Duda?”
Mr Shi asked Xing Jun who was beside him.
Xing Jun looked at both Chen Ping and Du Da, and then said, “Mr. Shi, these two people’s auras are pure and similar, except that Chen Ping’s aura appears rigid and full of bloody killing aura ……”
“And although this Duda’s aura is also tyrannical, but this tyrannical aura carries a bit of calmness and introspection, and it can be seen that this Duda has not exerted his full strength.”
“This time it looks like Chen Ping has met his match, and I’m afraid his life will be in danger ……”