Chen Ping and the three of them continued to walk forward, but had just gone some distance when the flames, which had not been too hot, suddenly burst into violent flames!
Even though all three of them were protected by spiritual energy, they still felt a wave of heat coming over them!
Liu Ruyan and Fang Shu felt that it was becoming difficult to breathe, and the aura shield around them was weakening.
Seeing this, Chen Ping pinched his fingers, and then several golden lights shot out from his fingertips!
A moment later, the scorching flames instantly disappeared!
“Such a clumsy formation, and you still want to target me ……”
Chen Ping sneered!
Liu Ruyan looked at Chen Ping with a few moments of surprise in her eyes, she did not expect Chen Ping’s art of formation to be so powerful as well, he had cracked the formation in an instant!
At this moment, Liu Ruyan looked at Chen Ping with a little more tenderness in her eyes!
In the past, she wanted to form a daoist couple with Chen Ping because she wanted to take back the Jade Tripod Sect, but now, Liu Ruyan really had feelings for Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, you really are a strange man, it seems like there is nothing you can’t do.”
Fang Shu praised Chen Ping with envy, then glanced at those other disciples, then said with some indignation “This is going to be cheaper for these defeated calves, the formation is broken and they don’t have to break through.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t let them get away so cheaply.”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, then he put his fingers together and recited the words under his breath, then gestured in the void!
Fang Shu and Liu Ruyan watched Chen Ping quietly, and soon Chen Ping withdrew his hand and stopped!
In the void in front of Chen Ping, a spell formation suddenly began to glow with white light!
“Let those guys have a taste of my formation, let’s go ……”
After Chen Ping had relaid the formation, he took Fang Shu and Liu Ruyan away with him!
And those other Jade Tripod Sect disciples, seeing Chen Ping and his group slowly disappearing without incident, could not help but frown!
“Did Master forget to mobilise the formation mechanism?”
The disciples of the Second Elder’s lineage were filled with puzzlement, but as Chen Ping and the others were about to disappear from sight, these people finally had no choice but to chase after them!
But when they, the men, stepped in, it was accompanied by a blinding flash of light!
Countless ghostly blue flames surrounded these people in an instant!
These flames were not ordinary flames, but spirit flames, so even though these people were protected by aura shields, they could not stop them at all!
“Ah …………”
Harsh, miserable screams rang out instantly!
Hearing the miserable screams behind him, Chen Ping smiled coldly and did not stop!
And at this moment, Hu Yixiao and the Second Elder, who were still at the pass, all followed with cold smiles when they heard the screams coming from inside!
From their point of view, the screams should have come from the disciples of the Third Elder’s line!
At this moment, the Third Elder was frowning and was indeed worried, after all, Liu Ruyan was inside, if anything really went wrong, then he would be guilty of a great crime!
But soon, ten firemen inside the defile were flying towards the outside!
When the crowd saw this, they were all stunned, no one could understand what was happening!
“Master, help, help! …………”
“Ah …………”
“It’s burning me ……”
The firemen who had run out, hissing desperately, some already on the ground writhing in pain!
At this, the Second Elder and Hu Yixiao were all startled, for they had heard that these were their disciples!
“Quickly save the people …………”
Hu Yixiao waved his big hand!
Immediately afterwards many people stepped forward and put out the flames on those people!
Although the flames were extinguished, these people had long since been burnt beyond recognition, and even if they didn’t die, they were afraid they would become invalids.
The Second Elder and Hu Yixiao looked at the ten people in front of them, all of whom were actually their disciples, and their lungs were about to explode with anger.