After making his rounds in the Mortal Realm, Chen Ping tore open the void and brought his mother, Long Ruotong, Ji Ruxue, and the others to the Celestial Human Realm!
After all, the environment of the Celestial Human Realm was far more suitable for Ji Ruxue and the others’ cultivation, and Hu Mazi tagged along too!
In the Celestial Human Realm, the women reunited, and Chen Ping introduced them to one another!
They got along harmoniously, without the arguments Chen Ping had imagined, which put him at ease!
“Chen Ping, I brought you something good from the Mortal Realm!”
Hu Mazi said, pulling out a small tower!
Chen Ping recognised it at a glance, it was the Demon-Suppressing Tower, once used to imprison the Wind Demon!
“Isn’t this the Demon-Suppressing Tower? I remember tossing it to the Valley of the Wicked to use. Time flows slower inside the tower, while it moves faster outside!”
“It’s fine for cultivating in the Mortal Realm, but in a place like the Celestial Human Realm, it’s not quite suitable!”
Chen Ping remarked!
“This is a treasure tower. It only seems like time flows slower inside because of the Mortal Realm’s conditions. In the Celestial Realm, it’s a different story!”
“You’ve heard the saying, ‘A day in the heavens, a year on earth,’ right? In the Celestial Realm, this tower’s time flows a hundred times faster than the outside world.”
“So, a hundred years of cultivation inside the tower is just one year outside!”
Hu Mazi explained!
“Really?” Chen Ping’s face lit up with delight as he snatched the Demon-Suppressing Tower!
“I’ve brought you such a great treasure, how are you going to thank me?” Hu Mazi grinned!
“Master Hu, name your price! This Celestial Human Realm is my domain, if you want beauties, I’ll round up a hundred or eighty right now and wear you out!”
Chen Ping said!
“No rush on the beauties, I can find those myself, but if you’re going to the Celestial Realm, you have to take me along,” Hu Mazi chuckled!
Chen Ping paused, glanced at the Heavenly Ladder, then nodded, “No problem!”
“Mr. Chen, with your current strength, if you go to the Celestial Realm and encounter danger, it might be hard to handle. I think you should raise your realm a bit more before heading there!”
Lin Chong advised Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at the Heavenly Ladder, then thought of Su Yuqi. He knew he didn’t have time to cultivate slowly anymore!
He had to get to the Celestial Realm as soon as possible to find Su Yuqi!
“I don’t have time, I need to reach the Celestial Realm quickly. Besides, this Heavenly Ladder won’t wait around forever.”
Chen Ping knew that if the Heavenly Ladder disappeared, he’d have to cultivate to ascension on his own, and who knew how long that would take!
“Don’t you have the Demon-Suppressing Tower? Cultivate inside it, time flows fast in there, so it won’t take much time outside!”
Lin Chong suggested!
Chen Ping turned to Hu Mazi, “Master Hu, does the Demon-Suppressing Tower work in the Celestial Human Realm too?”
“Of course it does! It’s just that, due to the time flow difference, one year outside in the Celestial Human Realm equals about fifty years inside the tower!”
Hu Mazi replied!
Chen Ping thought it over and decided to cultivate in the tower first, boosting his realm a bit before heading to the Celestial Realm!
Otherwise, with his current low realm, if he ran into danger, it’d be trouble!
If Master Shi couldn’t spare the time to help him then, what would he do?
Right now, Chen Ping had countless resources at his disposal, all he lacked was time!
After settling some matters, Chen Ping stepped straight into the Demon-Suppressing Tower!
“Kid, your whole family’s reunited, and you’ve become the biggest shot in the Celestial Human Realm. Have you forgotten about this old geezer?”
The Crimson Cloud Demon Lord asked!
“I…” Chen Ping felt a bit awkward. While he hadn’t forgotten, finding all of the Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s bones and piecing them together could take forever!
Chen Ping simply didn’t have the time to search right now!
“Senior, I’ve made arrangements, but I can’t say for sure when we’ll find all your bones. How about you stay in the Celestial Human Realm for now? Once we’ve gathered them and rebuilt your body, you can return to the Celestial Realm then?”
Chen Ping said to the Crimson Cloud Demon Lord!