At this moment, the aura within Chen Ping’s body continued to climb, while he desperately tried to suppress that power to prevent it from exploding too quickly and causing his body to be injured, he could only calmly allow his aura to rise!
Chen Ping had actually felt the arrival of Ning Zhi, but he didn’t dare to do anything rashly at this moment, he only hoped that the power inside his body would be absorbed by himself quickly!
Feeling the explosion of that aura on Chen Ping’s body, Ning Zhi knew that his chance had come, if he waited any longer, after Chen Ping had truly made a breakthrough, then he would be in trouble.
Undisguised, Ning Zhi walked up to Chen Ping with the four black and gold robes!
“Chen Ping, you didn’t expect that we would meet so soon, did you?”
Ning Zhi said with a cold smile on his face.
Chen Ping merely looked at him, but did not speak, though his eyes showed a bit of anxiety!
Seeing that look in Chen Ping’s eyes, Ning Zhi became even more smug.
“If the Great Power hadn’t taken a fancy to your flesh, I would have just let your head fall off right now ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes were filled with killing intent as he said.
He hated Chen Ping with a pa*sion, Ning Zhi would not forget the revenge of killing his father in, and the Ning family was also destroyed by Chen Ping.
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, Ning Zhi would still be a gentry now, able to enjoy everything!
Instead, now he had to run around and become someone else’s lapdog.
“Cut the crap, he is at a critical moment right now, you guys just happened to strike and absorb the spiritual energy within him, leaving the flesh behind ……”
The demonic amba*sador inside Ning Zhi spoke up!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi then glanced at the four black and gold robes, and the five of them pressed their hands together on Chen Ping’s body!
They intended to suck the spiritual energy from Chen Ping’s body and turn him into a ruined man!
Moreover, this spiritual energy was just the right amount to help them cultivate, and they knew that the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body was so surging that if they sucked it up alone, they were afraid that if they couldn’t finish it, their own bodies would explode!
But just as the five of them had put their hands on Chen Ping, suddenly several strong winds came at them, causing several of them to dodge out of the way!
“How dare you all plot against Mr. Chen in my South Lake City ……”
Zheng An Guo looked at Ning Zhi several people angrily and shouted!
And at that moment, Hu Ma Zi’s face turned a little ugly when he saw Ning Zhi and the hurried black and gold robes behind him!
“You’re from the Kyoto Martial Alliance?”
Pockmarked Hu asked in a cold voice.
Ning Zhi was slightly stunned, it was night time at the moment and they were all dressed in black robes, besides, now that the Kyoto Martial Alliance no longer existed, I didn’t expect anyone to be able to recognise them!
“Not bad, I didn’t expect there to be anyone here who could tell our identities ……”
Ning Zhi nodded in direct acknowledgement!
For he knew that the few people in front of him were simply no match for them.
Pocky Hu, Zheng Anguo and that Jiang Wei were all only Great Martial Marquis, and as for that Zheng Kai, he was only a Martial Marquis, so how could he possibly deal with these four Martial Saints of theirs!
The four Black Gold Robes were Martial Saints, so they would be more than capable of dealing with Pocky Hu and the others!
“People from the Kyoto Martial Alliance?”
Jiang Wei was also frowning, his expression very grave!
“Whatever Kyoto Martial Alliance, this is South Lake, it’s our Zheng family’s territory, whoever comes will have to be obedient ……”
Zheng Kai didn’t know the strength of the other party, so he shouted loudly!
“Zheng Kai, shut up ……”
Zheng An Guo also seemed to sense the strength of the other party and loudly reprimanded Zheng Kai.
But that Zheng Kai didn’t seem to have sensed the danger and still shouted at Ning Zhi, “You’d better get out of our South Lake, or else you’ll be left in the lurch ……”
Just as Zheng Kai finished his words, he only saw that Ning Zhi waved his palm, Zheng Kai’s body instantly flew backwards, and a mouthful of blood spurted out in mid-air!
“Son ……”
Zheng An Guo hurriedly leapt up and caught Zheng Kai!