………………
Penglai Island, within the highest part of the palace!
Du Ziteng was sitting on the throne, since Du Da had died, Du Ziteng had taken over the throne!
Although he was only at the peak of the Golden Dan realm, it was the highest realm on this Penglai Island!
In the martial world, this peak of the Golden Dan realm was only the peak of the Great Martial Sect, not even a Martial Marquis!
However, although immortal cultivation and martial cultivation were originally the same path, the peak of the Golden Dan of an immortal cultivator would still have the power to fight even against a newly promoted Martial Marquis in the martial world.
“Grand Elder, can that vision be ascertained, how did the spirit mist suddenly appear?”
Du Ziteng asked to the Grand Elder beside him.
“Du Wang, the two people I sent to investigate have not returned so far, not even a single word, they are probably killed ……”
The Eldest Elder said in a small voice.
“What?” Du Ziteng shot up, “Could there be someone else who dares to move the palace guards, this is looking for death ……”
“Du Wang, I suspect that the person who did it is not a child of my Penglai Island, it is likely to come from outside.”
The Grand Elder explained Ao.
“Our Penglai Island rarely clashes with the outside world, except for some tourist people, for so many years, there has never been such an incident of injury, you immediately go and investigate it personally!”
Du Ziteng said with a gloomy face.
“As you command ……”
The Grand Elder nodded, then led the order and went away.
Soon, the Grand Elder arrived at the compound that Chen Ping and the others had rented!
Looking at the two corpses of the guards, the Grand Elder’s brow instantly furrowed.
“How dare you, to dare to kill the palace guards ……”
With a face full of anger, the Grand Elder led his men and rushed towards the courtyard!
At this moment, Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu and left long ago, but when he left, Chen Ping had laid a defensive formation!
To ensure that Zhao Barging would not be disturbed while he was practising.
As the Grand Elder led his men to rush towards the courtyard, a white light suddenly flashed, followed by a terrifying force that directly knocked the Grand Elder and those guards out.
“A formation was actually laid down?”
The Grand Elder’s heart was shocked, he was now also an expert of the Golden Dan realm, but he didn’t expect that the formation the other party had laid would directly send him flying.
That person who had set up the formation must be very strong!
The Grand Elder slowly drew out a precious sword, a white light flashed across his chest, followed by a sword swing towards the front!
He was going to forcefully break through the formation!
Buzz …………
A tremendous rebound force caused the sword in the Grand Elder’s hand to fly off and the Grand Elder fell straight to the ground!
“It’s so strong …………”
The Grand Elder’s eyes were wide open, his face full of incredulity!
And at the same time, Chen Ping, who was eating at a hotel, suddenly changed his face: “Something is wrong ……”
“What’s wrong?”
Hu Ma Zi asked.
“Someone is forcibly breaking the formation ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and left the hotel with a flash of his body!
“Hey, wait for me ……” Hu Puzi saw this and hurriedly shouted towards Chen Ping, but Chen Ping had long since disappeared without a trace.
“Waiter, pack …………”
Hu Pazi looked at the table of dishes, all still uneaten, too bad to throw them away!
Soon, Hu Pazi carried the food towards Chen Ping and chased after him!
When Chen Ping returned to the courtyard, he found that there was a team of people who had long ago surrounded that courtyard.
One of them was a middle-aged man, holding a sword, and his face was very ugly.
“Who are you people? Why are you surrounding this place?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping went up to the middle-aged man and asked him.
The middle-aged man shot a glance at Chen Ping, then said with an angry face, “I am the Grand Elder of the Palace of Penglai Island, the bodies of two of our guards were found here and I suspect that you killed them, now go back to investigate immediately ……”
“Grand Elder?” Chen Ping swept a glance and found that this Grand Elder was only at the third realm of Jindan, while those other guards were even lower in strength, most of them were only Martial Zongs, not even reaching the level of Grand Martial Zong!
“I didn’t kill any of your guards, if you can’t produce any evidence, please leave now, you are not welcome here!”
Chen Ping said with a gloomy face.