…………
Inside the Devil Zapping Tower.
Chen Ping did not have the slightest idea of what was happening outside, and to Chen Ping’s perception, it seemed like he had only come in for a few hours.
But Chen Ping had already been in for six days, and in those six days, Chen Ping had absorbed countless amounts of spiritual energy.
But there was still no change within his dantian.
To break through to half-step Martial Marquis, he was afraid that there was still a distance to go.
Fortunately, Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique was a superior immortal cultivation technique!
If it were an ordinary magic technique, such intense distant rotation would have been too much for him to bear.
All around Chen Ping, countless water mists drifted away, causing the entire ground floor of the tower to be draped with immortal mists.
These water mists were all made from the evaporation of Chen Ping’s sweat!
Fortunately, this Demon Subduing Tower was able to provide Chen Ping with spiritual energy, otherwise, at such a rate of consumption, Chen Ping would have had to absorb the entire spiritual stone mine even if it was a whole one.
The great battle outside the Valley of the Wicked continued, and the sun rose in the sky, making it a brand new day.
But what this rising sun shone on was a bloody scene.
The ground was littered with corpses!
The smell of blood could be clearly smelt from miles away.
On top of the hill, not many people were watching the battle. After a day and a night of fighting, the battle was still going on and the crowd was getting a bit bored.
There was no more enthusiasm than there had been at the beginning.
And both sides of the battle have reached the point of exhaustion!
At the moment they were all relying on one breath to hold them up!
Whether it was Ding Bu Da, Ding Bu Er or Ding Bu Si, they were already bruised and battered.
Zhao Liguo and Xu Changsheng and the others were also covered in blood.
But those in the Desert North Martial Arts Community weren’t much better, almost everyone was wounded.
Especially Luo Jinzuo, who, as the instigator, had received special care, and now almost all the Luo family experts around Luo Jinzuo were dead or injured.
Luo Jinzuo himself, too, was badly wounded, his left arm was broken and he could not lift it.
After such an almost desperate battle, the fighting spirit and pa*sion that those in the Desert North martial arts community had at first had receded quite a bit.
They did not expect that the Valley of the Wicked was so strong, and with so many of them, they were hard pressed not to attack in.
Of course, the joining of the Shadowless Villa and the Pill God Valley was something they had not expected.
In particular, the Pill God Valley’s joining made it possible for the people from the Vicious Valley and the Shadowless Villa to be healed immediately if they were injured.
Moreover, Xu Changsheng had brought quite a few pills that could restore their strength in a short period of time.
This was what made it possible for the Vicious Valley to resist the attack of these people from the Desert North Martial Arts Community.
“Second Master Luo, at this point in time, I’m afraid we won’t be able to attack that Valley of the Wicked, and even if we do, I’m sure there will be people guarding inside.”
“The battle has been fought up to now, but we haven’t seen that Ding Bu San, so we can see that he should be guarding inside the valley!”
“We’ve been a bit reckless this time, let’s retreat for the time being and go back for a longer term plan!”
The old man with the white beard advised Luo Jinzuo.
Now it was obvious that if the fight continued, these people from the Desolate Martial World were going to suffer a loss.
After all, these people already had no desire to fight, and some were beginning to want to flee.
Especially that Fang Xingyue, who had originally wanted to take this opportunity to make himself famous at the beginning.
As a result, the battle was getting worse and worse, and just halfway through the fight, that Fang Xing Yue had led his men to run away.
He did not want to let the sect he had so easily established be ruined here.
Luo Jinzuo looked at the long-exhausted crowd and nodded with a resigned heart.
There was no way out, Luo Jinzuo had underestimated the strength of the Vicious Valley and had not expected Shadowless Villa and Pill God Valley to fight tooth and nail to help.
“Ding Da, remember, my Luo family will never give up until Chen Ping is captured.”
“When my big brother comes out of the gate, that will be the time when your Vicious Valley will be overthrown!”
Luo Jinzuo gritted his teeth and looked at Ding Dada.
“I’ll wait!” Ding Da said with an indifferent face.
Luo Jinzuo snorted coldly and led his men to turn around and leave.
Ding Bu Er wanted to chase after him, but was stopped by Ding Da Da’s outstretched hand!