“Clang!”
The two swords clashed; the sound of metal striking metal was deafening.
Qin Feng only felt a vast and mighty force coming; his arm instantly went numb, and the long sword nearly flew out of his hand.
He staggered back three steps, looking at Chen Ping in horror: “You… how did your cultivation recover so quickly?”
The guy who was seriously injured by Wang Shengguang three days ago could now erupt with such terrifying power; this simply exceeded his cognition.
Qin Feng knew Chen Ping was seriously injured, so he dared to come here to act wantonly.
Chen Ping did not answer and pressed the advantage.
The Dragon-Slaying Sword drew a perfect arc in the air; the golden sword light was as dazzling as the scorching sun, precisely the starting move of the “Dragon-Slaying Style”.
Qin Feng did not dare to be negligent; the spiritual power in his body circulated madly, fully displaying the Cold Ice Sword Technique.
Faint blue sword qi surged out like a tide; the ground instantly condensed a thick layer of ice, attempting to trap Chen Ping’s footsteps.
“Petty tricks.”
Chen Ping snorted coldly; the Fire Controlling Step erupted under his feet. His figure shuttled like a ghost on the ice layer; every step down stirred a circle of golden ripples, dispersing the cold air.
“Cold Ice Sword Technique? Ice Seal for a Thousand Miles!”
Qin Feng roared; he thrust his long sword into the ground.
In an instant, countless ice spikes drilled out from the ground, like spring bamboo shoots breaking through the soil, instantly forming a huge ice prison, trapping Chen Ping in the centre.
The walls of the ice prison were covered with sharp ice thorns, flashing with eerie blue cold light.
“Hahaha! Chen Ping, I see how you escape this time!”
Qin Feng laughed triumphantly. “This ice prison is formed from my natal spiritual power; the more you struggle, the tighter it freezes. If you know what is good for you, obediently surrender!”
Mo Chen and Hu Mazi exclaimed simultaneously, wanting to rush forward to rescue, but were firmly blocked by Qin Feng’s guards.
“Let us go!”
Ling Xue was anxious like on hot coals; the long sword in her hand burst out with brilliant light, forcibly repelling two guards, and rushed towards the ice prison.
“Catch her!”
A trace of cunning flashed in Qin Feng’s eyes; he signalled to the guards.
Two guards at the fifth grade of the Earth Immortal Realm immediately abandoned their opponents and pounced towards Ling Xue like hungry wolves.
Their movements were cunning and ruthless, clearly aiming to capture alive.
Although Ling Xue had reached the fourth grade of the Earth Immortal Realm, how could she be the opponent of two fifth-grade Earth Immortal Realm cultivators?
In just three moves, she fell into a disadvantage; she was slapped on the back by one guard, immediately spitting out a mouthful of blood, staggering back.
“Ling Xue!”
Chen Ping roared in anger from within the ice prison; spiritual power circulated madly. Golden sword light continuously bombarded the ice wall, but could only leave faint white marks on it.
“Tsk tsk, the appearance of a beauty injured is truly pitiable.”
Qin Feng slowly walked towards the fallen Ling Xue; a lewd smile appeared on his face. “Chen Ping, if you kneel down and beg me now, perhaps I can still spare her life.”
“You are courting death!”
Chen Ping’s eyes were bloodshot; the fire element origin in his body completely boiled. Unprecedented light burst out from the Dragon-Slaying Sword.
“Boom!”
With a loud bang, the ice prison was instantly melted by the flames erupted from Chen Ping.
Qin Feng’s face changed slightly; he did not expect Chen Ping’s explosive power to be so astonishing.
He no longer hesitated; he took out a small jade bottle from his bosom and threw it towards Ling Xue: “Since you refuse a toast only to drink a forfeit, then I will first enjoy your beauty!”
The jade bottle shattered in the air; colourless and odourless powder instantly enveloped Ling Xue.
As soon as she inhaled a bit, she felt her whole body hot and unbearable; her originally clear eyes gradually became blurred, and her cheeks flushed with an abnormal red.
“This is… Aphrodisiac Powder!” Hu Mazi cried out in shock, trembling with anger all over. “Qin Feng! You are after all the young master of Divine Sword Manor, yet you use such despicable means!”
Qin Feng licked his lips; the desire in his eyes grew stronger: “Dealing with you evil demons and heretics, why bother with morality?”
He looked at Ling Xue who was gradually losing consciousness, stepping forward step by step. “Ling Xue, since we cannot decide a winner in swordsmanship, then let us decide it in bed…”