But to sell their lives for the Demon Sealing Alliance, the Soulless Hall also simply could not see any hope, although their realm had been cultivating and growing, their true strength was weak, after all, the resources of the Soulless Hall were all needed to be rewarded by the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Not to mention the fact that there was now a Bai Shao, a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, beside Chen Ping, Song Tian Hai was not sure that he could kill Chen Ping!
“Master, let’s not be selling our lives for the Demon Sealing Alliance, they don’t see us as human beings at all, in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the three races are still in harmony, so why don’t we just stay here and develop.”
The man in black broke the silence and spoke.
“Master, we might as well break away from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the Demon Sealing Alliance borrows the slogan of getting rid of the demons in order to enslave our Demon Race, we can’t afford to be enslaved anymore, we have to fight back, and we also have to let the world know that our Demon Race aren’t all unforgivable people, and that Demon Sealing Alliance isn’t a good thing either.”
The woman in black also spoke!
Song Tian Hai still didn’t speak, his face was gloomy and uncertain, he still couldn’t decide!
Chen Ping saw that Song Tian Hai didn’t speak, so he stepped forward and said “Back then, the God-Devil War caused the Celestial Realm to be in constant strife, the people were in dire straits, and the Devil Race became everyone’s enemy as a result.”
“In fact, this is a conspiracy, I know that you demon race are not all great traitors and evil people, don’t you want to live in a dignified manner?”
Song Tian Hai glanced at Chen Ping, but still could not make up his mind, said somewhat helplessly “To break away from the Demon Sealing Alliance is easy to say, but to do, how can it be so easy, the Demon Sealing Alliance is able to spread all over the celestial and human worlds, so that the many demon races are like lost dogs hiding everywhere, that is not something that can be achieved overnight.”
“You know that the entire Demon Sealing Alliance has almost united the many sects and families among the five domains of the Celestial Realm of Man, and they are all still very strong, they all have interests in each other, and they use the slogan of eradicating the Demon Race for their own personal gain.”
“If I were to break away from the Demon Sealing Alliance right now, even in this Heavenly Demon Mountain, I believe that our Soulless Hall would definitely not have a place to stay.”
Looking at Song Tian Hai in that manner, Chen Ping also fell silent, the power of the Demon Sealing Alliance was too great for a small Soulless Hall to resist!
“You guys go, just pretend that we didn’t run into each other!”
After Song Tianhai hesitated for a moment, he waved his hand for Chen Ping and the others to leave!
Song Tianhai knew that in a fight, they wouldn’t be able to take any advantage!
“What about you guys?” Chen Ping asked!
“I still have three days left, in these three days, let’s run as far away as we can ……”
Song Tianhai forgot to glance at the borderline Heavenly Demon Mountain Range “If it’s not possible, I’ll take them to the top of the most dangerous mountain range, perhaps there can be a place to stay there!”
Chen Ping looked at Song Tian Hai before asking “Do you guys trust me?”
Song Tianhai froze, not understanding what Chen Ping meant!
“If you guys trust me, I can take you guys to a place where I think that Demon Sealing Alliance won’t find you guys for a while.”
“Also you guys have to unite with the other Demon Races and work together to resist the Demon Sealing Alliance, only then will that Demon Sealing Alliance be able to restrain itself.”
Chen Ping said to Song Tianhai!
Song Tian Hai looked at Chen Ping, but for a moment he did not know how to reply, after all, he followed Chen Ping and did not know him, it was impossible for him to easily trust a stranger!
“Master, I trust Chen Ping, I don’t think he will harm us.”
The man in black said!
“Right, if he wanted to kill us, he wouldn’t have let us go, wouldn’t it be better to just kill us with a sword when we were in the Spirit Beast Valley.”
“Let’s just follow him and take a look, maybe there really is a good place.”
The woman in black also spoke up!
They had always been grateful for Chen Ping’s kindness of not killing them!
Seeing that his two disciples all said so, Song Tian Hai finally nodded his head in agreement!
Chen Ping then took these people from the Soulless Hall and rushed to the Blood Spirit Valley together!