At this moment, City Lord Sun froze, his entire body in a state of confusion!
Soon after, City Lord Sun was instantly enraged, he did not expect Chen Ping to take advantage of his departure and do such a thing to his daughter!
Just as City Lord Sun was about to kick open the door of the room, he was stopped by his own wife!
It turned out that Mrs Sun was also worried about Sun Xiaoyun, so she wanted to come over to take a look, and after hearing this noise, she did not go in!
“What are you going to do ah?”
Lady Sun said as she stopped City Lord Sun!
“That kid is bullying our daughter, I’m going to kill him to ……”
Sun City Lord said with a huff!
“You rush in now, you let our daughter’s face where to rest? Anyway, that kid can’t run away, a moment later when there is no sound in the inside to see, and I listen to this sound, as if our daughter did not resist ah!”
Mrs Sun said!
Sun City Lord froze, listened carefully, and then the fire subsided quite a bit!
Lord Sun City and Lady Sun waited quietly outside!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not know and was still concentrating on detoxifying Sun Xiaoyun!
A lot of black blood had already flowed on the ground, and at the last moment, Sun Xiaoyun spat out a mouthful of black blood, and her body unexpectedly fainted as if she was deflated!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that all the poison in Sun Xiao Yun’s body had been drained out, so he removed the silver needle from Sun Xiao Yun’s body, and then a breath was struck into Sun Xiao Yun’s body, causing Sun Xiao Yun to wake up!
After Sun Xiao Yun woke up, she immediately looked for clothes to put on, followed by an exasperated glare at Chen Ping to make a move!
“I discharged the poison out for you, why are you still hitting people?”
Chen Ping hurriedly dodged!
Sun Xiaoyun’s body was relaxed at this time, and looking at those black blood on the ground, she knew that Chen Ping was indeed detoxifying himself to save his life!
But …… but this detoxification method, Sun Xiaoyun somewhat unacceptable!
“Now that you’re fine, there’s no need to thank me, there are conditions for me to save you.”
Chen Ping let out a long breath and said!
“You have taken advantage and still want conditions, do you want to be shameless?”
Sun Xiaoyun was furious at hearing this!
“I almost died of exhaustion, what advantage did I take? Speaking of which it’s you who took advantage.”
Chen Ping retorted!
“You ……” Sun Xiaoyun glared at Chen Ping, not knowing how to say Chen Ping, and finally could only exasperatedly say “A moment later when others ask, you absolutely can’t say how to save me … …”
“Don’t worry, if I say it, your father won’t beat me to death ……”
Of course Chen Ping would not say it, he has not stupid!
“Do you think that if you don’t say it, I won’t know?”
At this time, the door to the room was suddenly kicked open by City Lord Sun, followed by an angry walk in!
Lady Sun also followed behind and rushed to Sun Xiao Yun “Daughter, are you alright?”
Sun Xiao Yun’s face was still slightly red at this time, seeing that her parents were actually outside, her face became even redder!
“Mum, I’m fine, I’m already better ……”
Sun Xiao Yun said!
“It’s good to be fine!” Mrs Sun sized up Sun Xiao Yun “Were you bullied just now, your father and I heard it, you don’t need to be afraid, say it and let your father make a decision for you.”
Upon hearing this, Sun Xiaoyun hurriedly said “Mum, you misunderstood, I wasn’t bullied, just now it was also to cure me ……”
“Cure? Does healing still need you two …………”
Mrs Sun didn’t finish her sentence, but Sun Xiaoyun knew what her mother was going to say!
“Lady Sun, I think you and City Lord Sun are misunderstanding, Miss Sun is still innocent now, just now it was just to remove the toxins from Miss Sun’s blood, it can only be done by stimulating Miss Sun’s nerves and making her blood boil.”
“Now that the toxins in Miss Sun’s body have been removed cleanly, nothing will happen in the future!”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained!