The entire Celestial Realm was all about profit, no one would take them in, so where could they go to obtain resources?
Without resources, there was no way to cultivate, and their strength would stagnate!
In this way, they would slowly be eliminated!
“Huo Yuan Ting, I’ve already recognised you as the Sect Master, do you still want to drive everyone to extinction?”
The old Sect Master asked with round eyes.
“Old Sect Master, you’ve wronged me, didn’t I leave you and your daughter behind?”
“As for the others, they colluded with demonic cultivators, our Violet Flame Sect can’t accommodate them, and this rule was set at the very beginning of the Violet Flame Sect’s establishment.”
“Our Violet Flame Sect’s old ancestor was the most ruthless devil cultivator, there’s nothing wrong with me doing this!”
Huo Yuanting said indifferently!
This time, the old sect master was also speechless!
Although he believed that it was impossible for Elder Yu and the others to collude with the Ghostface Sect, there was no way for them to prove their innocence when Huo Yuan Ting was splashing dirty water!
“Huo Yuan Ting, right and wrong, heaven and earth can tell, who exactly colluded with the Ghostface Sect, do you dare to swear?”
An elder from the Old Sect Master’s lineage shouted angrily!
Huo Yuan Ting’s face turned cold, and the Divine Flame Seal in his hand instantly erupted with a flaming aura!
“No big or small thing ……”
After saying that, this flame breath went straight towards that elder.
However, in an instant, that elder was directly sent flying out, his entire mouth spitting out blood, his body covered in burn marks!
“Huo Yuan Ting …………”
The old Sect Master’s eyes were filled with rage, his eyes were covered with a murderous aura, his fists were clenched but he did not strike, he had been restraining himself.
“Huo Yuan Ting, now that you are the Sect Master, you can give orders, but you always need to talk about reasons and evidence, you said that Elder Yu and the others colluded with the Ghost Face Sect, what evidence do you have?”
The old Sect Master questioned loudly!
“Evidence?”
Huo Yuan Ting smiled coldly, “The Divine Flame Seal in my hand is the evidence, if I say they colluded with the Ghostface Sect, they colluded with the Ghostface Sect!”
Seeing Huo Yuanting holding the Divine Flame Seal with that arrogant look, the old Sect Master knew that they would definitely be expelled from the Purple Flame Sect today!
It was only a pity that his divine sense had never fully recovered, or else putting up a fight wouldn’t have been impossible!
However, he knew that if both sides fought, then the Violet Flame Sect would be completely finished!
At that time, if both sides lost, there would definitely be other sects that would take advantage of the situation and replace the Purple Flame Sect!
“Old Sect Master, this Huo Yuan Ting is bullying people too much, let’s fight him ……”
Elder Yu’s eyes were red as he roared loudly!
Huo Yuanting was clearly bullying them, this breath could not be swallowed!
“Hahaha, fight with me, you guys are also worthy ……”
Huo Yuan Ting laughed out loud, then with a wave of his hand, Huo Dong and Elder Tian and the others, directly surrounded the old sect master and them!
And that Gu Tianzhao cast a means, a formation constantly lit up on both sides!
Looking at the formations that were constantly lighting up, it made the hearts of the people from the old Sect Master’s lineage feel as if they were dead!
If they really fought, they were afraid that they would be directly confined to this area and wouldn’t be able to run away!
“My Purple Flame Sect’s internal matters don’t need your Two Yi Sect’s people to interfere!”
Elder Cui, who remained neutral, at this moment, his body instantly rose up from the ground, his fingers pinched the spell, a white light flashed, and the formation coefficients laid down by Gu Tianzhao were broken!
Seeing that Elder Cui was actually helping the old Sect Master’s lineage, Huo Yuan Ting frowned and said, “Elder Cui, you’re only responsible for the Purple Flame Sect’s assessment, as well as the Sect Protector Formation, and have never asked about anything else, are you trying to target me today?”
Although Huo Yuan Ting had obtained the Divine Flame Seal, he didn’t want to offend Elder Cui!
After all, Elder Cui was the only Formation Master of the Violet Flame Sect, and he had to rely on him for many things!