The terrifying aura spread in all directions, and the seawater backed up to form a huge whirlpool!
It was only then that Zhu Qingxiu remembered that Chen Ping had already laid down a spell formation, and the lance had just been blocked by the spell formation!
Zhu Qingxiu smiled, and then her eyes slowly closed, her whole body’s breath was rapidly dissipating, and her body was even more powerless as she fell to the ground!
Although the lance did not injure her, her final outburst had consumed the only trace of spiritual energy left!
Chen Ping subconsciously stepped forward to hug Zhu Qingxiu, he did not expect that at the critical moment, Zhu Qingxiu would make such a choice!
He did not expect that Zhu Qingxiu would make such a choice in the nick of time! He knew that he was not related to Zhu Qingxiu, and the two of them could not be said to have any friendship!
However, Zhu Qingxiu subconsciously chose to sacrifice herself to save Chen Ping!
Holding Zhu Qingxiu’s body and looking at the fallen mask, at this moment, Zhu Qingxiu’s scalded face was surprisingly not so ugly in Chen Ping’s eyes!
“Don’t worry, even if I have to go to the netherworld, I will still save you back!”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with anger as he raised his head violently, and the spell formation that he had just laid down was like a nuclear bomb as it erupted with countless rays of light!
These rays of light shot straight up into the clouds, and Ning Zhi in mid-air frowned while his entire body was wrapped in this light!
When the light dispersed, those demonic cultivators who had been sent flying also flew back, but the Dead Sea had long since calmed down!
Ning Zhi stared into the middle of the Dead Sea, his fists clenched tightly together, “Damn, letting them escape ……”
He didn’t expect that the formation that Chen Ping had laid down would be that powerful, not only did his own strike fail to break it, but instead, the moment the formation burst open, it left himself in no position to even be observing!
Chen Ping used this very moment to escape with Zhu Qingxiu!
With this many of them, they still let Chen Ping escape, Ning Zhi could only gnash his teeth!
This was the closest he had come to killing Chen Ping since coming to the Celestial Realm!
“It’s all because of that woman, Zhu Qingxiu, if it wasn’t for her desperate resistance, I don’t think that Chen Ping would have had the time to set up the formation at all!”
The green-clothed cultivator cursed!
However, he was right, if it wasn’t for Zhu Qingxiu’s desperate delay, Chen Ping really had no way to lay down that spell formation.
The Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manuals were not obtained, and Chen Ping, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering, had also run away ……
This time they not only didn’t get anything, but also lost several people, they really couldn’t steal the chicken but lost the rice!
“That Zhu Qingxiu won’t live long, that Chen Ping couldn’t have escaped far even if he did, follow me to find it!”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, his body instantly appeared several miles away!
Seeing this, the dozen or so demonic cultivators didn’t dare to say anything, and could only chase after them closely.
On the other side, on a desolate island in the Dead Sea, a light flashed, and Chen Ping appeared on that desolate island holding Zhu Qingxiu!
Holding Zhu Qingxiu and executing the Royal Fire Steps one after another caused Chen Ping to be a little out of breath as well!
Although the Royal Flame Steps were fast and capable of taking several miles in a single step, the consumption was also enormous!
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Qingxiu in his arms, his face was very grave, at this moment, Zhu Qingxiu’s breath was like a swimmer, hovering on the edge of death!
Chen Ping found a flat place, then put Zhu Qingxiu on the ground, Zhu Qingxiu who was covered in blood, her eyes were closed tightly, her face was hard to see!
But even then, Zhu Qingxiu’s hand was still clutching that jade secret scroll of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect!
Zhu Qingxiu had consumed too much essence and blood, if it was just an ordinary injury, or even a heavy injury, Chen Ping had the means to heal it, and there were all kinds of pills on his body!
But what Zhu Qingxiu consumed was his own essence blood, this kind of thing was not something that could be replenished back by any elixir!
Essence blood was formed by every cultivator in their continuous cultivation day and night, and could be said to represent the life of every cultivator!
Consumption of blood is followed by the consumption of life is no different, so many cultivators do not have to time, is not easily consume their own blood!