Pffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff …………
Gu Tianzhao and the others couldn’t carry some of them anymore, some of the spirit lights penetrated the shield and instantly hit the pill masters’ bodies!
Soon, some of the pill masters started to get injured or died miserably, some tried to escape, but just after leaving the shield, they were pierced by the ten thousand spiritual lights!
Chen Ping’s heart was burning with anxiety at this moment, although the spirit light from this grand formation had no way to injure himself, but if this continued, he was afraid that the Two Yi Sect and those pill masters would all be killed or injured!
“Kid, do you want me to help you? This kind of formation, your current ability is afraid that there is no way to break it!”
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke up!
“Senior, do you also know the art of formations?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
He hadn’t heard the Red Cloud Demon Monarch say that he also knew about formations ah!
“I don’t know, but to break this kind of formation, is there any need to know the art of formations?”
“I’ll break this formation for him with a slap, but whether or not this physical body of yours can resist, I don’t know.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping pondered for a moment before nodding and saying, “Come on, I can carry it ……”
“But senior, you also take it easy, don’t owl rush, regardless, you collect some strength!”
Chen Ping could only put up a fight, but still admonished the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
If the Red Cloud Demon Monarch played mad and exploded the strength of a Heavenly Realm Demon Monarch all at once, this body of his own would not be able to carry it 100%!
“Don’t worry, I still need to use you kid to help me collect skeletons, I won’t let your soul fly away.”
After the Red Cloud Demon Monarch finished speaking, he instantly took control of Chen Ping’s physical body!
It was in an instant that Chen Ping’s eyes began to become pitch black, and the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body slowly dissipated, but in its place was a layer of seemingly black mist!
Chen Ping was wrapped in the black mist, and his entire person was like a bloody devil!
Along with Chen Ping’s palm gently lifting up, the demonic aura began to fill the sky, and then surged towards the front!
When the crowd saw Chen Ping in this state, they were all dumbfounded!
Especially Mu Qiufeng, his eyes widened as he said, ”How is this guy also a demonic cultivator? Then he surely can’t be a royal son of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
Countless auras struck Chen Ping’s body, but Chen Ping did not react in the slightest.
And the demonic aura that stirred out transformed into a huge fist that soared towards the sky!
Boom!
The huge fist that the demonic qi had transformed into fiercely impacted on top of that formation!
The formation stirred, and the four shoots of spiritual light began to attack aimlessly!
Even the people from the Heaven Slaying Dharma Sect suffered from the attacks of spiritual light!
This time, the people of the Heaven Slashing Dharma Sect had to use their formation shields to form protection!
Boom!
With another loud bang, the formation directly shattered and countless formation patterns began to fall into the sea!
“What? It broke our formation so easily?”
Mu Qiufeng was going crazy, this was a grand formation that their successive generations of Patriarchs of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had spent thousands of years laying down!
The purpose was to directly use this grand formation to reverse the battle situation when the Zhentian Dharma Sect was at the point of life and death.
But before the battle could be reversed, the grand formation was broken open by a single punch!
Just now, he was still bragging about how the peak of the Mahayana Realm was useless, and Chen Ping, who was just the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, had broken the grand formation!
Chen Wenliang and the rest of them also looked at Chen Ping in shock, they suddenly sensed that the aura on Chen Ping’s body had unexpectedly changed, becoming very unfamiliar!
Especially Liu Ruyan, she was very familiar with Chen Ping, she often slept together, but the current Chen Ping made her feel terrifying and unfamiliar!
She was certain that the Chen Ping in front of her was definitely not the same Chen Ping from just now!
“You bunch of ignorant children, to be able to die in the hands of Lao Fu is a blessing that you have cultivated in your ten lifetimes!”
Chen Ping looked at Mu Qiufeng and the others and shouted coldly!
Mu Qiufeng looked at Chen Ping, he could conclude that Chen Ping had definitely had his soul swapped, or else he was possessed by a demonic soul!