Seeing this scene, Chen Ping’s brows instantly furrowed!
Everyone else’s expressions also became grave, it was obvious that this pagoda did not look like a treasure, but more like an object to suppress evil spirits!
Especially when Chen Ping saw the runes on those four stone lions, he could not help but feel his body tremble, even the Da Luo Golden Code in his sea of consciousness actually followed and trembled lightly!
Chen Ping’s face was shocked, he did not understand how the Great Luo Golden Dictionary in his sea of consciousness could suddenly tremble.
He did not understand how his Great Luo Golden Dictionary could have suddenly trembled. He knew that his Great Luo Golden Dictionary had always been in the sea of consciousness, and had never moved, unless there was a residual soul that had invaded the sea of consciousness and was about to take over the body, then the Great Luo Golden Dictionary would only be activated!
Chen Ping carefully observed the runes, but found that he did not recognise any of them.
“This is the Heavenly Exalted Rune, it looks like the thing that this pagoda suppresses is a bit uncomplicated ah.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“What are Heavenly Exalted runes? Is that Heavenly Sovereign even more powerful than you?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch gave him a blank look and said, “Don’t ask such unintelligent questions in the future, compare me to the Heavenly Father and people won’t even look at me.”
“I advise you to stop hitting this tower, it’s better to leave quickly!”
“You have really piqued my interest.”Once Chen Ping heard this, he instead became more interested in this tower!
“Chen Ping, I’m afraid that there is a very strong existence inside this tower.”
Lin Ke Ting’s face was very grave as she squeezed the life-preserving jade pendant in her hand, and at this moment, that jade pendant was actually slowly emitting light.
This was only when encountering something extremely dangerous that the jade pendant would actively emit light!
At that time, when Lin Ke Ting was bound and could not move a muscle, the jade pendant did not even actively emit light, so it was evident that the current situation was even more dangerous than at that time.
Chen Ping’s face was also gloomy, his brows furrowed, could there really be a very terrifying existence in this tower?
This was only a small Celestial Realm, back then, could the God-Devil War have involved very impressive figures in this Celestial Realm?
Chen Ping was a bit torn, but the curiosity within his heart was a few points heavier!
Curiosity kills the cat ……
Everyone else on the scene also had a look of gravity and wariness on their faces!
“Thunder Beast, what exactly do you think is in this tower? What exactly are your intentions in luring us here?”
Lin Keting suddenly looked at the Thunder Beast and asked!
Since this Thunder Beast knew that there was a pagoda here, and that there was a barrier, it proved that he had definitely been here before, and perhaps he knew something!
“Fellow Daoist, unjustly ah, I really don’t know what’s inside this pagoda, I admit that I’ve been here, but I’ve never been close ah.”
“I haven’t gone in either, with my current strength, I don’t dare to go in ……”
The Thunder Beast hurriedly explained!
“He hasn’t gone in!”Chen Ping opened his mouth!
He knew that with the strength of the Thunder Beast, he definitely wouldn’t dare to go in, just those four stone lions around him would probably scare many cultivators away!
“Then what to do? Do we leave, or do we go in?”
Lin Keting asked!
Chen Ping was also in a difficult position at the moment!
If we go in, we are afraid of danger!
If we don’t go in, we are very curious!
After hesitating, Chen Ping looked at Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu and said, “I’ll go in by myself, you guys wait for me outside, if anything goes wrong, you guys run immediately!”
Chen Ping did not want Ji Yun and the others to follow them in and risk their lives, after all, no one knew what was going on inside!
“Mr Chen, I can never let you risk your life alone, I’m going with you!”
Ji Yun said with a firm expression!
“I’m going too, the big deal is death!”Zhu Qingxiu also wanted to follow!
“I’ll follow too, don’t forget that here, I’m stronger than you guys.”
Lin Keting also wanted to follow!
At this moment, everyone looked at the thunder beast!
“Don’t look at me, I brought you guys here, of course I have to go in, otherwise I wouldn’t have come for nothing!”
The Thunder Beast hurriedly took a stand!