Guanghan Palace!
Chen Ping followed the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace to sit in the town!
Commanding the crowd to lay down layers of defences, each of them were full of spirit and on standby!
At this moment, they were only waiting for the arrival of the Mu Family!
“Mr Chen, Palace Master, the Mu Family has come!”
Bing Lu walked into the hall, her face slightly tense as she said!
Upon hearing that the Mu Family had arrived, Chen Ping and the Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace rose at the same time, before their figures flickered away!
When it reappeared, the two had already arrived in front of the Broad Cold Palace’s door!
Their bodies were suspended in the air as they looked at the blackened mass of people that were rushing towards the Guanghan Palace!
“Master Luo Gu, command down, prepare for battle!”
Chen Ping looked at the immediately arriving Mu Family crowd, so he said to Luo Shouhai!
“Good!” Luo Shouhai nodded!
Soon, all the sects and families, as well as the several great beast kings all got ready!
A heavenly aura erupted from within the Guanghan Palace and shot up into the sky!
The aura that erupted from thousands of cultivators, it was absolutely terrifying!
Feeling the aura that erupted from within the Guanghan Palace, a lot of the Mu Family members began to be on edge!
After all, the head of the family hadn’t come out of the gate, and they had followed that Mu Qing to come on a crusade, and there was really no way to say whether they would win or lose!
Mu Qing felt the aura that erupted within the Guanghan Palace and also frowned slightly!
But having already come, no matter what, it was impossible to go back in silence!
Wouldn’t that be too humiliating!
Chief Administrator Liu’s face also changed slightly as he felt the terrifying aura!
“This Chen Ping, where on earth did he find so many cultivators from, and they are all so strong?”
Butler Liu said with a frown!
From these auras, most of them were surprisingly Transition Realm experts, and there was no shortage of Transition Realm 8th or 9th ranked Great Cultivators among them!
Originally, he thought that even if Chen Ping had gathered thousands of cultivators, they would all be small trash of the Harmonisation Realm!
Who could have imagined that many of them were Transition Realm cultivators, and they were also strong!
“Since we’re here, why don’t we go up and take a look!”
Mu Qing finished speaking and led the crowd to the front of the Guanghan Palace!
At a glance, the Guanghan Palace was wrapped in a ray of light, and it was obvious that formations had been placed all around!
At the same time, Chen Ping and the others were all hovering in mid-air, each of them standing by!
Seeing this, Mu Qing also leapt forward!
On the Mu Family’s side, there were also a dozen or so cultivators levitating into mid-air!
“Chief Liu, you brought so many people to my Guang Han Palace, what do you want?”
The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace asked at that Chief Steward Liu!
She didn’t recognise Mu Qing, after all, the Broad Cold Palace had just been formed here, and that Mu Qing had been away from home for years!
It was normal for the Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace not to recognise it!
“What your Guanghan Palace has done, you know it in your own heart, we are here today to avenge the Grand Duke and the Grand Miss.”
“Also I would like to advise the other Daoists, this muddy water that our Mu Family is following the Guanghan Palace, it is best for you not to get involved.”
“It would be inappropriate to put your own lives on the line simply for the sake of a little profit.”
Chief Liu was threatening the others!
He thought that Chen Ping was able to find so many people, and many of them were here for the sake of profit!
“Do you think they all came over to help our Guanghan Palace because of benefits?”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said with a smile!
“Of course, otherwise who would sell their lives to your Guanghan Palace.”
“However, if your Broad Cold Palace hands over that Chen Ping and leaves him at the mercy of our Mu Family, we might be able to bypass your Broad Cold Palace.”
Chief Liu said!
“I shucks, what kind of a thing are you, you still want to deal with Mr Chen, then you have to ask us if we’ll agree first!”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder spat viciously and cursed loudly!
Chief Liu’s face turned cold and his eyes began to shine with killing intent!
And Mu Qing, who hadn’t said anything all along, spoke up, “Fellow Daoists, I’m Mu Qing, the second son of the Mu Family, if you guys give my Mu Family face to leave today, my Mu Family has decided to come up with resources to give away to all of you.”
“But if you guys are hell-bent on leaving, then report your names, don’t blame our Mu Family for decimating you!”
Mu Qing was playing both soft and hardball, hoping that someone would know better!