“How did you guys know my location?”
Chen Ping asked in a cold voice as he looked at the several people who were burning and screaming!
The Pill Cauldron Mountain was immense, Chen Ping and the others were still the last to enter, and it was surprising that these few fellows could be a long distance away and come straight to them!
It was obvious that these few people had already known their location in advance, which was why they had come straight over!
The several pill masters were burning and screaming miserably, and there was simply no one to answer Chen Ping’s question!
And at this moment, after that Nie Lei and Nie Hong siblings looked at each other, they instantly raised their swords!
“Hey …… you guys ……”
Seeing this, Nie Heng was about to open his mouth, but the two siblings had already rushed up!
A few strikes then decimated all of those few pill masters!
“Hmph, these guys are disrespectful to Fellow Daoist Chen, this amount of strength and still wanting to get the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering, they really don’t know what they’re doing!”
Nie Lei said with a cold snort immediately after killing a few people!
“Why are you killing people, can’t you see that Mr Chen is asking questions?”
Seeing this, Nie Heng hurriedly frowned and said!
“These guys definitely won’t say anything, not to mention being covered in burning flames, they’re afraid they won’t have a chance to say anything even if they want to.”
“It would be better to kill them simply, after all, they are the same Medicine Master, we can’t be so cruel to watch them being burnt alive!”
Nie Hong started her moral discourse again!
Once Nie Heng heard that, he didn’t know how to reply!
“Alright, just kill them, even if they don’t do it, these people won’t survive.”
“Let’s go, we only have three days, don’t delay!”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he then walked straight ahead!
A few people followed Chen Ping at the back, and they did not encounter any dangers along the way!
However, just as they reached the halfway point of the mountain, they suddenly realised that underneath the top of the mountain, there was a curtain of light hanging down, and before the curtain of light was a large, flat open space!
On top of this open space, there were quite a few Apothecaries stationed, and there were also some Apothecaries lying on the ground, obviously injured!
After Chen Ping got closer, he realised that most of these pharmacists were from the Western Region Pharmacist Association following the Bao and Diao families!
There was also a portion of pharmacists from other regions!
At this moment, Su Tianshuo and Pao Longxing and Diao Changmin were looking at the light screen in front of them with furrowed brows!
“President Su, that Chen Ping is here!”
At this moment, someone came up to Su Tianshuo and whispered!
“What?”Su Tianshuo turned his head to look, and sure enough, he saw that Chen Ping was walking over with Liu Ruyan and the girls!
“What are Lu Qing and the few of them doing, did they not find anyone? How did they let him run here?”
Seeing this, Bao Longxing said with great dissatisfaction!
“Since he’s here, he can’t run away, our priority is to find a way to break through the light curtain in front of us.”
“If we are climbed to the top of the mountain first by other people and get the Pill God’s inheritance, won’t we be playing for nothing.”
Diao Changmin said!
“Don’t worry, even if they get the Medicine God Inheritance, they won’t be able to leave Medicine God Island.”
A cold smile appeared on the corner of Su Tianshuo’s mouth, then he walked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had healed Xiao Feng and had become a VIP of the Xiao Dynasty, and was considered a celebrity!
“President Su ……”
Seeing Su Tianshuo, Chen Ping then went forward and took the initiative to greet him!
After all, he had to help the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family follow Su Tianshuo to make peace!
They were all pharmacists, and they were also all from the same place, it was best to be able to mediate!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I didn’t expect you to go in this direction as well, we’re really meant to be!”
Su Tianshuo said in a conspiratorial manner!
Unfortunately, Chen Ping did not hear it and instead looked at Bao Longxing and Diao Changmin behind Su Tianshuo and said, “These two should be the Bao Family Master and Diao Family Master, right?”
“Not bad!”Su Tianshuo nodded!
“President Su, I happen to have something I want to talk to you about!”Chen Ping said.