When the crowd saw that Chen Ping was going to break the formation alone, they could not help but all show their sneers, knowing that so many of them, Hong Qianjiu, and the Martial Saint Weapon had failed to break it.
How could Chen Ping break the formation by himself, even if he knew where the eyes of the formation were, such a strong formation was not something that one person could break.
“Mr. Chen, you ……”
Jiang Wei whispered trying to remind Chen Ping, after all, those who tried to break the formation just now were all directly killed by the backlash.
There was also that old man just now, a late stage Grand Martial Marquis, who had also become directly seriously injured!
Hu Pazi, Long Xingxu and Ge Fuhai also stepped forward, trying to stop Chen Ping, after all, so many people could not break through together, Chen Ping himself was afraid that he would be in danger.
Ge Jiayi and Ge Yuhan also walked up to Chen Ping’s side.
At this moment, Ge Yuhan’s face was grave as she quietly said, “Mr. Chen, this spell formation is not an ordinary formation, if I’m not mistaken, this should be the Demon Race’s Yin Destruction Blood Phenomenon Formation, this kind of formation can only be performed by a great demon level, I don’t know why it is here.”
Ge Yuhan was now a Guang Han Palace Maiden who had lived for thousands of years inside her, and what she knew was unheard of by Chen Ping and the others.
“I’ve heard of this formation, I seem to have some impression of it, but how did the Demon Formation appear here? Did that Blood Devil lay it down before he died?”
Hu Ma Zi also spoke up.
Chen Ping was also a little surprised, if this relic was the trigger to trigger the revival of the aura, then how could the devil clan’s formation appear?
It couldn’t be that someone from the devil race had left this relic to trigger the revival of spiritual energy.
“Could it really have been laid by that Blood Demon when it was temporary?”
Chen Ping couldn’t figure it out either, but it was likely that that Blood Devil had laid it when he did become ancient on Penglai Island and turned his flesh into a sculpture.
But no matter who had laid it, now Chen Ping would always have to break this formation and go in to see what was going on.
“Don’t worry guys, this formation may look strong, but the eye of the formation has long been unbeatable.”
Chen Ping gave the crowd a look of stability, then slowly walked up to the formation.
“The sword comes ……”
Chen Ping waved his right hand, and the Dragon Cutting Sword suddenly appeared in his hand, as soon as the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared, the sword Qi of the Green Mane surrounded it, and the sword glowed with a demonic light.
The moment the Zenglong sword appeared, everyone felt a huge force spreading out in all directions!
The Decapitated Dragon Sword in Chen Ping’s hand instantly caught everyone’s eyes.
“Spirit Sword …………”
Factory Lu in the corner, after seeing the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, his eyes smoldered with a brilliant light!
“This fellow must have come out of some secret realm family, otherwise how could he have such a high grade spirit sword in his hand!”
Factory Lu looked at the spirit sword in Chen Ping’s hand, his eyes filled with greed!
Ignoring the greedy gazes of the crowd, Chen Ping held the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, a trace of divine dragon power was injected into the sword, and soon the Dragon Cutting Sword emitted a humming sound, as if it was a dragon’s roar.
A green-mangled sword qi instantly shot straight up from the Zenglong Sword into the clouds, and the sharp and razor-sharp sword qi began to flash continuously!
“Break ……”
Chen Ping roared, and with a swing of the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, he instantly slashed at that formation!
Boom …………
This sword directly shook the entire Penglai Island, the crowd only felt an earthquake as they kept shaking their bodies!
The formation also emitted a bright light, and immediately afterwards, like an eggshell, it became shattered and disappeared!
The formation had been broken!
Hong Qianjiu and the others had failed to break it even with the Martial Saint Artifact, but it was broken by Chen Ping’s sword!
Everyone looked at Chen Ping in shock, with incredulity in their eyes!
In particular, Hong Qianjiu and the others had very complicated expressions on their faces!
And even more complicated was Ning Zhi who was hiding in the corner, seeing that Chen Ping had actually broken the formation with a single sword, Ning Zhi’s heart felt very uncomfortable!