At the entrance of the hotel, Wu Xi was somewhat anxiously ferrying his steps back and forth!
Seeing that Chen Ping had returned, Wu Xi hurriedly greeted him, “Mr. Chen, are you alright?”
“Yes, what’s wrong?”
Chen Ping asked, looking at Wu Xi with a puzzled face.
“It’s good that you’re alright!” Wu Xi let out a long breath, “That Pill King House Master is extremely overbearing, I’m afraid that if Mr. Chen goes there, he will encounter trouble!”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping smiled lightly, “No one can find me in trouble, go to sleep!”
After saying that, Chen Ping casually pulled out that Great Returning Pill and threw it to Wu Xi saying, “You take this pill, this time at the Martial Dao Gathering, you have a good hope of getting the championship!”
Wu Xi looked at the elixir and didn’t care too much about it, but asked with some surprise, “Isn’t Mr. Chen going to participate? I’ve heard that the prize for the championship this time is a hundred year old herb!”
Chen Ping shook his head, “I’m not going to participate, I have to give you guys some hope!”
Originally Chen Ping had intended to participate, but now he was looking at the medicinal herbs of the entire Pill King’s Mansion, a mere hundred year old medicinal herb, Chen Ping didn’t care!
Excitement flashed across Wu Xi’s face, “Thank you, Mr. Chen, for making it happen!”
Wu Xi thought that Chen Ping was doing this to give him the championship position!
Just as Chen Ping was planning to return to the hotel, someone suddenly shouted behind him, “Chen Ping …………”
Chen Ping jerked back and frowned slightly, “Why are you guys running here? Didn’t I say that you guys weren’t allowed to come over?”
The two people who came were none other than Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, while Lin Tianhu was carrying the bags for the two people behind them!
“Mr. Chen, I’m sorry, Miss Su and the girls had to come, I couldn’t stop them ……”
Lin Tianhu said with a helpless face.
“It’s none of your business!” Su Yuqi said and looked at Chen Ping, “We were too bored in the provincial city, so what’s wrong with coming over to have fun for a few days? You’re not here looking for a girl behind my back, are you?”
Chen Ping was speechless when Su Yuqi said so, “I was afraid that it would be too dangerous for you guys to come here, and since the hotel here is tight, you guys might not even have a place to stay when you come!”
“Don’t worry, I’ve already found a hotel, although my Gu family is not as good as before, but we still have the ability to book a hotel in the township below here!”
Gu Ling’er spoke up.
Chen Ping had nothing to say, but Gu Ling’er was right, with the Gu family’s ability in the provincial city, it really wasn’t a big deal to book a hotel, how can we say that Gu Ling’er’s parents were also officials in the provincial city!
After helping Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to settle down, Chen Ping went to rest. Originally, the two girls also intended to go for a stroll in the night, but Chen Ping stopped them, it was too late at night, Chen Ping really did not want to accompany them to wander around, and there were martial artists everywhere here, each with a rough personality, Chen Ping did not want to attract unnecessary trouble!
In the middle of the night, Chen Ping, who was asleep, was suddenly awakened by a rush of footsteps on the street.
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping intended to go back to sleep again, no matter what conflict the other party had, it was none of his business, Chen Ping was not a saviour, and he did not want to be one!
But just as Chen Ping was about to lie down and go back to sleep, he suddenly felt a seemingly invisible aura coming from the girl’s body, and this aura felt very familiar to him, just like the feeling he had when he was holding the jade pendant his mother had left behind!
Chen Ping opened the window and jumped down, then followed closely behind!
Soon the girl was blocked in an alleyway, her hands clutching an object in death, before looking in terror at the few men chasing her!