However, that token instantly turned into pieces after touching the sword awn!
While the sword awn that Chen Ping chopped out did not pause for a second and directly chopped towards Hai Ande!
Only this sword, chopped towards Hai Ande’s legs!
Pfft …………
The sword awn chopped through, and Hai Ande’s legs were chopped off in unison!
Hai Ande, who was originally over one metre eight, was instantly only one metre tall!
Chen Ping slowly walked towards Hai Ande, Hai Ande’s eyes were filled with panic, but there was no way to escape!
Chen Ping walked up to Hai Ande, but did not kill him, instead, he walked straight over to him, and then placed all of the Immortal Ores that had been mined into his storage ring!
These Immortal Ores were mined by the Jade Maiden Sect and the Jade Pope Sect with hard work, and there was no way Chen Ping would waste them!
The reason why he did not kill Hai Ande was because he wanted to either bring Hai Ande to Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan!
He wanted the two girls to kill this beast with their own hands!
Perhaps this was the only way to give the two girls a hint of comfort in their hearts!
Just as Chen Ping put away the Immortal Mine and prepared to take Hai Ande away, suddenly five terrifying auras came from far and near!
Chen Ping frowned as his expression became tense!
However, when he saw the visitors, he was relieved!
It turned out to be Bai Shallow who had come to bring help!
When Bai Shallow looked at Hai Ande, who was full of woes, and those who died outside the cave, her entire body froze!
The other few people were also filled with shock!
“Chen Ping, this …… this is all your doing? You solved it yourself?”
Bai Shao asked with great surprise!
Bai Shao knew that even if it was her, it was impossible for her to exterminate the two clans, the Jade Maiden Sect and the Jade Pope Sect, by herself!
She did not know how Chen Ping did it!
Chen Ping did not speak, he just nodded, then picked up that Hai Ande and left!
The other few people looked at Chen Ping in shock, they also didn’t understand how on earth Chen Ping, a fellow of the first rank of the Transition Realm, could do all this?
“Don’t you go ah, I just moved the person here ……”
Bai Shallow saw Chen Ping directly carrying Hai Ande away, so she was ready to chase after him!
“Fox Empress, what do you mean? You said that there are treasures here and boxed us in, where are the treasures?”
The Leopard Emperor was very upset and stopped Bai Shao and asked!
“This is the Immortal Mine, isn’t the Immortal Mine a treasure?”
Bai Shao said as she pointed to the Immortal Mine Cave!
“sh*t, what kind of treasure is an Immortal Mine? We’re just a few people, how much can we take away? And who’s mining it?”
“It’s too much of a waste of time if we directly cultivate and absorb it here, and we don’t know how long the Divine Demon Battlefield will be open.”
The Monkey King was also very dissatisfied and said!
Although the Immortal Mines were good, they weren’t useful for a small team, after all, they still needed to be mined, and it wasn’t convenient to carry them!
If you directly cultivate and absorb it here, there are only a few days, and it can’t do much for cultivation, so you might as well use these few days to search for treasures properly!
“Alright, count me as owing you guys a favour, when we get out, I’ll give you all a share of my own resources.”
Bai Shao finished speaking and chased straight towards Chen Ping!
“This Fox Emperor’s daughter, it seems that she has taken a liking to that brat, she’s not even looking at that brat with the right eyes.”
The Lion King said as he looked at Bai Shallow’s back!
“Alright, don’t mind her, since we’re here, let’s look around and see if there are any storage bags or something on these dead people, we can’t make a trip for nothing.”
The Thousand-faced Demon King finished speaking and started rummaging around!
The Lion King and Leopard King also started rummaging through the dead people for storage bags and other resources!
Only that Monkey King had a jealous look on his face as he looked at Bai Shallow’s back, then quickly chased after him!
Don’t look at this Monkey King following Bai Shallow around all day long, but in fact, this guy secretly liked Bai Shallow in his heart!
Just now, the Lion King said that Bai Shallow had a crush on Chen Ping, which made the Monkey King jealous, and he wanted to chase after her to see what was going on!