Long Xiao’s body emitted a burst of black aura, followed by a slap towards Chen Ping.
Long Xiao’s power was almost at its extreme this time, and the terrifying power caused the entire palace to buzz.
Chen Ping snorted coldly, “On your own, you are no match for me at all, so you should all go together.”
Although Chen Ping scorned Long Xiao with his mouth, his eyes were filled with gravity, and the golden light on his body soared, a scale glowing with light covering his entire body.
Right after Chen Ping’s Incorruptible Golden Body activated, and the eyes of the mermaid sculpture on the throne, surprisingly flashed with a brilliant aura!
It could be seen that the mermaid sculpture looked unusually excited after seeing the scales on Chen Ping’s body.
Only no one noticed the change in the mermaid sculpture’s eyes, all of them were focused on Chen Ping and Long Xiao.
Boom!
With a loud bang, Chen Ping and Long Xiao ruthlessly collided with each other, and a terrifying wave of Qi spread out in all directions with the two of them as the centre.
Many people scattered their breath to ward off the aftershocks, while a portion of the aftershocks, which pa*sed through the throne’s formation, was quickly absorbed by the mermaid sculpture.
With this collision, Chen Ping followed Long Xiao and actually fought to a draw!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, your internal strength is now empty, you must have not yet healed from your injuries, you won’t be able to run away today ……”
Zhu Zhishan saw that Chen Ping’s strength had obviously dropped quite a bit, so he guessed that Chen Ping had not healed from his injuries, and that was why he had caused this.
After all, when Chen Ping had fallen into the sea, he was already heavily injured, it had only been a few days, it was impossible for Chen Ping to have healed so quickly.
Long Xiao also sensed the lack of energy in Chen Ping’s body, and instantly gained confidence!
“Chen Ping, this time, let’s make a real end ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, his hand held a heavy fist, the top of his fist was draped with black mist, and then with a devastating force, he delivered a series of outputs towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, but also not afraid, within the Dantian spirit energy is all mobilized, the power of the divine dragon in the arm around, and then also fierce fist!
The two began to clash hard on top of the palace, and with each punch, a large amount of aftershocks would spread in all directions!
The mermaid sculpture was greedily sucking up some of this energy, and slowly the mermaid sculpture began to show tiny cracks!
Xiao Ru, who was hiding behind the throne, carefully observed Chen Ping’s battle and did not notice that the mermaid sculpture in front of her had transformed.
Boom boom boom ……
The two confronted each other with dozens of punches in a row, each drenched in blood and heavily wounded, but no winner was distinguished!
Chen Ping’s forehead was covered in cold sweat, panting heavily, his body’s spiritual energy almost depleted!
And that Long Xiao was not much better, the black aura emanating from his body was much weaker.
“Alright, there’s no time to play on, it’s time to end ……”
At this time, Zhu Zhishan stood out, he didn’t want to let Long Xiao follow Chen Ping in the bout, that would be a waste of time!
“Chen Ping, do you have any last words for your girlfriend?”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping with a smug smile on his face.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this Zhu Zhishan mention Su Yuqi again, the killing intent in his eyes kept climbing up.
And Zhu Zhishan was deliberately stimulating Chen Ping, he knew that Chen Ping’s heart demon was his girlfriend, so he deliberately said this.
“I have last words, and my last words are …… to send you to hell ……”
Chen Ping shouted angrily and brought up the last of the spiritual energy in his body and smashed out a fist towards Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan’s pupils also shrank, followed by a fierce punch to meet it, the current Chen Ping was already at the end of his strength, so Zhu Zhishan didn’t have the slightest fear!
Boom!
Chen Ping was sent flying by the punch and fell heavily to the ground, blood flowing from his mouth!
The corners of Zhu Zhishan’s mouth lifted slightly: “Go to hell ……”
Zhu Zhishan flew up, the light surprisingly shone above his toes, and this kick went straight to Chen Ping’s door.
“Brother Chen Ping …………”
Seeing this, Xiao Ru leapt out from behind the throne and blocked Chen Ping’s front.