“Gentlemen, let me introduce myself, I am the male son of the Pill God Island’s Island Master, my name is Ouyang Wufeng.”
“Today, I came to Yongle City in order to select the people who will be travelling to Pill God Island to participate in the Pill Master Conference.”
“Our Pill God Island puts out so many resources, so of course we don’t want to cheapen those losers.”
“Only those who pass the test will be able to travel to Pill God Island and participate in the Pill Master Conference.”
Ouyang Wufeng said with a cold face!
“What do you mean by that? Saying who is a waste?”
“Why does the Pill Master Conference have to go to Pill God Island? We’re boycotting, we’re not going to anyone, let’s see how you organise the Apothecary Conference.”
“Right, none of us will go, let’s see what you do with this Pill Master Conference!”
The many Pill Masters heard Ouyang Wufeng’s bullish words and immediately rose up in righteous indignation!
Hearing the angry shouts of the crowd, Ouyang Wufeng surprisingly didn’t feel the slightest bit angry and still had a faint smile on his face!
“Those who don’t want to go, can now leave immediately, we won’t force anyone.”
“Only, if you don’t go to Pill God Island, you won’t have another chance to explore the land where the Pill God fell, and even more so, you won’t have a chance to get the Pill God’s inheritance.”
“Whether you want to go or not, it’s up to you guys!”
Ouyang Wufeng slowly said!
“What? The land where the Pill God fell?”
“I’ve long heard that the reason why that Pill God Island is called Pill God Island is because there was a Pill God who used to reside there.”
“The guys on this Pill God Island have suddenly become so powerful, they must be related to the Pill God.”
“Wouldn’t the Pill God’s fallen place leave behind a lot of treasures?”
This time, everyone was abuzz, it was the Pill God!
The Pill God was only a legend to them, but they had never seen it before!
Now that they knew that Pill God Island actually had a place where the Pill God had fallen, how could they not go to see it!
Even if they couldn’t get any treasures, it was worth it to feel the scent of where the God of Medicine had once lived!
It was like travelling to the land of the celebrity Ancient Family, even though they couldn’t get anything, it was cool to feel it!
“Is this true? Is the Medicine God Valley really the place where the Medicine God fell?”
Someone asked in disbelief!
“Of course it’s true, you guys can not believe me, do you still not believe President Su?”
After Ouyang Wufeng finished speaking, that Su Tianshuo immediately stepped forward!
“Gentlemen, what Mr Ouyang said is all true, this time, the reason for holding the Pill Masters’ Conference on the Pill God Island is also to select powerful Pill Masters who are able to solve the mystery of the Pill God’s fall.”
Su Tianshuo said loudly!
At this, the crowd’s attitude instantly changed, and one by one, they scrambled to raise their hands!
“I’m going, I’m signing up to go to Pill God Island.”
“I’ll go too, if you don’t let me go, I’ll swim there myself ……”
“Mr Ouyang, hurry up and come up with the exam questions, I can’t wait a bit!”
The crowd had asked Ouyang Wufeng to hurry up and come up with the conditions of the examination!
Faced with absolutely enticing benefits, very few people would be able to withstand it!
Ouyang Wufeng smiled faintly and then threw out a scroll, which then slowly opened on top!
It was filled with various conditions of the assessment!
As the crowd looked at the conditions of that test, their brows all furrowed slightly!
Chen Ping was also confused, somewhat unable to understand what this thing was!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, this is the Celestial Realm’s Doctor Seeking List, and on it are all sorts of illnesses that need to be saved.”
“You should know that the Celestial Realm’s pharmacists are very scarce, and truly powerful pharmacists are even scarcer.”
“This caused some cultivators with ailments to have no way to find a pharmacist to heal them, or the pharmacist’s level of medical skill was limited and there was no way to heal them.”
“And so the Medicine Seeking List appeared, so that more people could see it, and after letting some powerful medicine masters see it, there might be a way to save them. ”
“Of course, behind every Medicine Seeking List, there will be a reward, without a reward, no one will make a move, there aren’t many people like Pillfather Zhong, who never mentions a reward for curing the sick and saving the lives of others.”
On the side, Zhou Si Lang gave Chen Ping a detailed account of the Medicine Seeking List!