Chen Ping threw the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand up high and threw it straight out!
After a pirouette in the air, the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly cut towards Song Qingping!
Song Qingping was startled, and his body hurriedly retreated, while the tornado was directly shattered by the huge sword aura the moment Song Qingping retreated!
The terrifying force spread in all directions, and Chen Ping’s body was blown backwards by the spreading force!
But Song Qingping was in trouble, for the Dragon Slashing Sword had a sword spirit, and Song Qingping hurriedly tried to trap it with vines!
But they were all cut off by the sharp blade of the Dragon Cutting Sword!
Boom!
The sword blade of the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly cut down!
Only to see Song Qingping’s whole arm being severed, blood pouring from it, and his entire body instantly becoming shriveled up.
Song Qingping looked at his broken arm, his eyes filled with incredulity.
The Spiritual Wood Duel disappeared, and at this moment, Song Qingping returned to his original form and half-kneeled to the ground!
“How could this happen, how could this happen ……”
Song Qingping muttered to himself!
He was at the peak of the Great Martial Marquis, this was the secret realm of the Demon Spirit Sect, he could invoke the power of the Laws, and he had used the Spirit Wood Duel!
Why did the result still look like this?
Song Qingping looked at Chen Ping incredulously, he really couldn’t understand why this was the case!
Why was Chen Ping, a middle stage Grand Martial Marquis, able to injure himself!
The Dragon Cutting Sword returned to Chen Ping’s hand, then Chen Ping pointed his sword at Song Qingping and said, “What else do you have, feel free to use it, if you don’t have any more, then go to hell ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand swung towards Song Qingping!
“Wait a minute ……”
Just as Chen Ping was about to make his move, suddenly that Zhou Jie shouted Chen Ping to a halt!
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Jie and said, “Miss Zhou, what do you mean? Are you going to plead for this Song Qingping?”
Zhou Jie shook her head, “I won’t plead for him, I just want to ask him why, why did he cheat me ……”
Saying this, Zhou Jie walked up to Song Qingping, her eyes full of anger as she looked at Song Qingping and asked, “You have harmed me, you have ruined my life, why? Why did you do this to me?”
Song Qingping lowered his head slightly, not daring to look into Zhou Jie’s eyes as he slowly said, “There is nothing I can do, I have been controlled by that Demon Heart Sect, they have given me poison, if I don’t obey, they will let me die!”
Song Qingping explained, he wanted to gain Zhou Jie’s sympathy, he might still be able to stay alive!
“I don’t want to hear this, I don’t care if you betray the Demon Spirit Sect, but why are you doing this to me? Am I just a plaything for you, a tool for you to vent your anger?”
Zhou Jie shouted angrily, what she was referring to was the violence Song Qingping had just rudely inflicted on her.
“No, it’s not true, I truly love you, you’re not a plaything, you have to believe me.”
Song Qingping hastily shook his head and denied it!
“I don’t believe you, I don’t believe you, you’re a brute ……”
Zhou Jie cried, reaching out and hitting that Song Qingping!
Song Qingping did not move, allowing that Zhou Jie to pound, soon Song Qingping’s eyes flashed a brilliant aura, while everyone was not paying attention, a grabbed Zhou Jie, one hand deadly stuck on Zhou Jie’s neck!
This time, Zhou Jie froze, she tried to break free, but she couldn’t get free at all!
“Chen Ping, get out of my way, all of you get out of my way ……”
Song Qingping shouted loudly as he held Zhou Jie hostage!
He was ready to flee and escape from the Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm and subsequently go to the Demon Heart Sect.
Seeing Zhou Jie being held hostage, Hu Ma Zi tensed up!
“Song Qingping, if you f*cking dare to touch her, I’ll break him into pieces.”
Pocky Hu shouted at Song Qingping!
But Song Qingping was unfazed and said with a cold smile, “You old pervert, I know you like her and have your eyes fixed on her big white legs, but you can only look at them, while I have long since gotten tired of playing with them, so who are you to threaten me here?”