Watanabe Ichiro’s face was grave as he gripped the hilt of his sword with both hands, and his aura began to change the moment he gripped it.
“So you are not at the Grand Master realm, you know how to hide your strength at such a young age and have such a deep heart, I see that I cannot keep you today.”
As Watanabe Ichiro finished speaking, he held his sword with both hands, and surprisingly, he slashed towards Chen Ping with a slashing motion.
The sharp sword qi was mixed with the sound of breaking air, and Chen Ping hastily raised his Zenglong Sword to resist.
Clang!
There was another crisp sound as Watanabe Ichiro’s sword was blocked.
As the blow missed, Watanabe Ichiro’s sword turned, his person followed the sword and swept towards Chen Ping as a sword maneuver.
In just a few seconds, Ichiro Watanabe had already swung a dozen swords at Chen Ping, and a harsh sword aura enveloped Chen Ping’s whole body.
Chen Ping’s Chopping Dragon Sword in his hand, on the other hand, was constantly wielding, resisting Watanabe Ichiro’s attack, and the sound of metal clashing continuously rang out.
Seeing that Chen Ping was only able to parry, the corners of Watanabe Ichiro’s mouth curved up.
“Break!”
Suddenly Chen Ping shouted explosively, followed by the flames on the Dragon Chopping Sword bursting into flames, and the entire void trembled.
After breaking Watanabe Ichiro’s sword qi, Chen Ping chopped his sword at Watanabe Ichiro, the spiritual energy within his dantian frantically gathered on the body of the Dragon Chopping Sword, the sizzling flame, reflecting half of the sky red.
Seeing this, Watanabe Ichiro hastily raised his sword in his hand to resist, but all he heard was a sound like a loud bell.
Ichiro Watanabe felt the titanic force of a tyrannical mountain rush into his body, and Ichiro Watanabe’s feet sank deep into the ring.
The hard granite ring was now half a metre deep.
Ichiro Watanabe’s eyes were full of shock, he did not expect Chen Ping’s strength to be so great. The power contained in Chen Ping’s sword just now could have destroyed a small mountain.
If it wasn’t for Watanabe Ichiro’s profound realm, if this was an ordinary Martial Sect, this sword would have split the person in half.
“Kid, you are really powerful, at such a young age you can force me to use my supreme technique ……”
When Watanabe Ichiro finished speaking, his body shook slightly.
Immediately afterwards, Watanabe Ichiro’s body began to split open, one, two, three ……
Finally there were four identical Watanabe Ichiro’s holding swords, surrounding Chen Ping’s surroundings.
“Only four? Isn’t this your Nine Shadows Sword Technique? Why don’t you just manifest it together and save yourself the trouble ……”
Chen Ping turned to the four identical Watanabe Ichiro and said indifferently.
“Humph, is it that easy to refine the Nine Shadow Splitting Body, I have been cultivating for decades and have just reached the fourth shadow, but even so, it is enough to kill you ……”
Watanabe Ichiro snorted coldly.
The voice came from all directions, as if it was coming from four Watanabe Ichiro’s mouths at the same time, Chen Ping could not tell which Watanabe Ichiro was the original.
“Since you are so confident, then try my split body as well ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand suddenly disappeared, while in Chen Ping’s palm, two faint blue flames began to leap.
Chen Ping flicked his fingers and a blue flame fell all around and began to burn.
The flames surrounded Chen Ping and Watanabe Ichiro, and the entire centre of the flames shone with a dazzling light, and the eyes of everyone on the stage were unable to see the centre of the flames at all because of the intense glare that shone through.
Ichiro Watanabe frowned slightly, then stabbed towards Chen Ping with his sword, four identical Watanabe Ichiro stabbed at Chen Ping, all four directions were blocked, Chen Ping was now unavoidable, he could only choose one direction to block now, but once he chose the wrong one, then he would be completely defeated.