Meanwhile, in Mo Qingyun’s chambers, she began preparing a place for Chen Ping to sleep.
“Chen Ping, you should leave as soon as possible tomorrow,” Mo Qingyun said, full of worry, “My cousin is narrow-minded, he’ll definitely seek revenge.”
Chen Ping, however, smiled, “No rush, I’m curious to see what tricks he can pull.”
“But…”
“Relax,” Chen Ping cut her off, “After tomorrow, no one in the Mo family will force you to marry.”
Mo Qingyun froze, and for some reason, she caught a chilling glint in Chen Ping’s eyes that sent a shiver through her.
“Even if I were to marry, I wouldn’t give myself fully to that Tianci, you understand?”
Mo Qingyun looked at Chen Ping with tender affection.
Chen Ping nodded, “I understand, don’t worry, I won’t let you down!”
With that, Chen Ping pressed Mo Qingyun beneath him.
Mo Qingyun didn’t resist, she had been waiting for Chen Ping, waiting for his love…
That night passed both quickly and slowly.
Neither Chen Ping nor Mo Qingyun noticed that outside the door, Mo Wuji stood silently.
His expression flickered between worry and joy.
The next morning, Mo Wuji summoned all the Mo family elders to the council hall.
He had made up his mind to let Mo Qingyun stay with Chen Ping, especially since the two had dual-cultivated last night!
If he sent Mo Qingyun to Tianyuan Pavilion now, they likely wouldn’t accept her.
If Tianci found out Mo Qingyun was no longer a virgin, he’d surely take it out on the Mo family!
Chen Ping and Mo Qingyun arrived, standing to one side of the hall.
“Everyone, I’ve called you here this morning to announce that my daughter Qingyun will be with this Young Master Chen!”
“I won’t send her to Tianyuan Pavilion, nor will I force her to marry that effeminate Tianci!”
Mo Wuji declared to the crowd.
The room erupted in shock.
Both Mo Qingyun and Chen Ping were stunned, especially Mo Qingyun, who hadn’t expected her father to make such a decision.
Mo Qingchen shot to his feet, “Uncle, do you realise this decision could doom the entire Mo family?”
“Tianyuan Pavilion won’t allow this, our Mo family might vanish from the Second Heaven entirely.”
With Mo Qingchen’s alarmist words, other Mo family elders chimed in.
“Patriarch, this can’t be!”
“You must think of the whole Mo family!”
“What’s wrong with the young lady going to Tianyuan Pavilion? It’s better than this stranger!”
The Mo family members voiced their objections.
Mo Wuji’s face darkened, he could tell most of these elders had been bought by Mo Qingchen, siding with his nephew completely!
“Enough, no more discussion, I’ll be honest with you, even if we sent Qingyun to Tianyuan Pavilion, they wouldn’t take her.”
“Last night, Qingyun dual-cultivated with Young Master Chen, she’s now his!”
Mo Wuji waved a hand decisively.
Mo Qingyun’s face flushed crimson, and Chen Ping was equally embarrassed, having slept with the man’s daughter while her father knew all along!
The Mo family members were utterly shocked, their faces filled with panic!
If they angered Tianyuan Pavilion, the Mo family couldn’t withstand their wrath!
While the Mo family argued in the council hall, in a room at Tianyuan Pavilion, Tianci, still bearing injuries and not fully recovered, sat.
Elder Tong tossed him a porcelain bottle.
“Take these pills, they’ll help your injuries,” Elder Tong said.
“Elder Tong, now that Chen Ping is with Mo Qingyun at the Mo family, what do we do?”
Tianci asked, opening the bottle and pouring the pills into his mouth.