“Let’s go, I wonder if that Mu Family has found the Extreme Stone Mine yet!”
Chen Ping, who had regained his strength, took Bing Lu and the others and began to rush towards the mountains!
On this journey, there were pole stones everywhere, scattered on the ground and not picked up!
The other cultivators didn’t recognise the pole stones and it was of no use to them!
Bing Lu and the girls, on the other hand, were desperately picking them up, but this slowed down the speed of travel!
“Don’t be picking up, as long as we find the pole stone mine, we will have as much as we want.”
Chen Ping did not allow Bing Lu and the others to be picking up the extreme stones, this was too slow.
Once they found the extreme stone mine, they would have as many extreme stones as they wanted!
“Don’t go upwards ……”
Suddenly, Chen Ping remembered the voice of the Red Cloud Demon Lord in his mind!
Chen Ping froze and asked in confusion “Why?”
“I can think of something, there should be a cave in the waist of this mountain that leads straight to the Land of Chaos.”
“In the Land of Chaos, there seems to be the existence of a clan.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch seemed to be caught up in painful memories as he slowly said!
“A cave? Leading to the Land of Chaos?”
Chen Ping froze!
Half of this mountain peak was indeed wrapped in the Land of Chaos!
Chen Ping and the others had gone up the mountain from the other side, so they were not affected by the Land of Chaos!
However, to say that there were sects existing within that Land of Chaos, wasn’t that a joke?
One must know that within the Land of Chaos, temporal and spatial turbulence was rampant and nothing could possibly exist!
However, what the Red Cloud Demon Monarch said could not be completely disbelieved!
After all, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had been here thousands of years ago, and that great rift was still cut out by his sword.
“Where is the cave?”
Chen Ping wanted to ask the exact location of the cave.
“How would I know, it’s good enough that I can recall this.”
After the Red Cloud Demon Lord finished speaking, he stopped talking!
This time, Chen Ping was somewhat at a loss for words!
Should he search for the cave, or should he continue to go up to the top of the mountain and search for the Extreme Stone Mine?
After contemplating for a moment, Chen Ping decided to look for that cave now halfway up the mountain!
Maybe that Extreme Stone Mine was also in the cave halfway up the mountain!
“We’re not going up to the top of the mountain, now start everyone stay to see if there’s a cave or something like that.”
“The other thing is to stay away from that chaotic place, don’t get sucked in.”
Chen Ping said to Bing Lu and the girls!
“Mr Chen, not going to the cave? If that Polar Stone Mine is at the top of the mountain, wouldn’t it be cheaper for that Mu Family?”
Bing Lu asked in disbelief!
“What if that Extreme Stone Mine is on the mountainside?”
Chen Ping asked!
This time, Bing Lu was not saying anything!
The crowd began to look for the so-called cave, halfway up the mountainside!
And at this moment, Ouyang Zhenhua and the others were also aimlessly heading towards the top of the mountain!
In fact, after listening to Chen Ping’s advice, Ouyang Zhenhua also knew that there couldn’t possibly be any place where immortals had fallen!
However, he was not willing to come for several days, wasting manpower and resources, not getting anything, if he went back, wouldn’t he be laughed at.
What’s more, this mountain peak suddenly appeared, there may be some strange encounter!
Ouyang Zhenhua was just comforting himself in his heart, he had long since lost all hope!
If he walked to the top of the mountain and still didn’t gain anything, then he could only return home!
“This cheater with a thousand knives ……”
Ouyang Zhenhua insulted the person who spread the rumour!
“Family master, look ……”
Suddenly, a clan member shouted!
Ouyang Zhenhua looked over and found that in the middle of the mountains, a halo of light appeared, which followed the halo that wrapped around the mountain peak when it had just appeared much like that!
“Go, go and take a look ……”
Ouyang Zhenhua’s heart was overjoyed, and he hurriedly led the people to rush over!
Seeing this, the other cultivators also rushed towards the place where that halo appeared!
And at this moment, Chen Ping and the others were also attracted by the halo and quickened their pace!