But Chen Ping was looking towards the Chaos Space, and now the sudden appearance of the snow wolf should have suddenly appeared from within that Chaos Space!
Only in this way could it escape Chen Ping’s probing!
However, the Chaos Space was filled with space-time turbulence, and after entering it, one would surely die!
Why weren’t these snow wolves afraid?
Chen Ping was in deep thought and confusion, not understanding what was going on!
“What’s so confusing about this, the chaotic space of the so-called boundary is nothing more than a barrier, and the great power that created this Celestial Realm was perfectly able to set up the demonic beasts to be able to traverse the barrier while the humans could not!”
“I casually create the secret space, can also array barrier, does not allow humans to enter the, and the demonic beasts will be able to freely traverse.”
“This is very simple, you don’t need to be at a loss, should this chaos space, only for humans.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke at this moment!
“Senior, then what is beyond this Chaotic Space?”
Chen Ping was curious to know what was beyond the borders of this Heavenly Human Realm!
“It’s impossible to say, maybe it’s another world, maybe it’s still the Celestial Realm, or maybe it’s a void, the Celestial Realm wasn’t created by me, if you ask me, I don’t know!”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping saw that he couldn’t ask anything, so he stopped asking, but looked to Bing Lu and the others and said “You guys go and collect the Polar Stones, pay attention to safety……”
Chen Ping let Bing Lu and others to collect pole stone, he will not collect, in put into the storage ring, for fear of being that the Heaven Swallowing Beast again to eat!
But just as Bing Lu and the others were collecting the pole stones, on the opposite side of that crack, Mu Yao had unexpectedly arrived with the people from the Mu Family!
They should have sensed the scent of a battle here, so they ran over!
Seeing that Mu Yao had brought people, the hearts of all the Holy Maidens trembled!
After all, the Broad Cold Palace had sort of flipped following the Mu Family right now!
And the Mu Family also knew of the existence of the Pole Stone and had a demand for it!
If they encountered people from other sects and families, they wouldn’t have to be afraid, after all, many people didn’t know about the Pole Stone or its existence!
Most of all, people from other sects and families, getting the Pole Stone would not be of much help to them!
When Chen Ping saw Mu Yao, he smiled coldly and did not have any worries!
“Uncle Mu, look, thousands of Pole Stones, and they are all very pure!”
A Mu family member excitedly said to Mu Yao!
“I’m not blind, I see it!”
Mu Yao glared at him, then said with a playful expression, “It’s really no effort to find a place where you can get it, I’ve come across it here, and none of you will be able to run away.”
“These pole stones are ours, you guys leave your lives behind ……”
Listening to Mu Yao’s words, Bing Lu and the many Holy Maidens drew out their Frost Swords, and one by one, they stood in strict wait!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took two steps forward unhurriedly and looked at Mu Yao through the crack, “You’re a defeated general, you dare to say such big words, is it that he beat you up too lightly?”
Chen Ping was not afraid of Mu Yao because he knew that it was impossible for them to cross this crack, when they came around, Chen Ping and the others would have run away!
There was also the fact that Chen Ping had a life-preserving artefact on him, and blocking Mu Yao’s attack would be easy!
Seeing Chen Ping bring up the fact that he had been beaten and fled in a mess, Mu Yao instantly became grim “Kid, don’t try to show off your mouth, in a moment I’ll skin you and let you know how powerful I am!”
“At that time I want you to watch, Guanghan Palace these women, by my Mu family men abuse, I want to make Guanghan Palace infamous ……”
Mu Yao gritted his teeth, the more he spoke, the more excited he became!
After all, these holy women were all chosen by thousands, but in terms of looks, they were all first class beauties!
Hearing Mu Yao’s words, those people from the Mu Family all had light in their eyes, and they couldn’t wait to rush over and crush these holy maidens underneath them right away!
“You’re just blowing smoke, come over if you’re capable, we won’t move!”
Chen Ping had a cold smile on his face as he beckoned towards Mu Yao!