“Young master, in the younger generation of Kyoto, a strong person has appeared and even Guo Wei, the director of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union, has killed ……”
At this time, a subordinate came over with a mobile phone.
“That Guo Wei is just a wasted name, I can kill him too ……”
Luo Xiang said casually.
In his eyes, these people from the Martial Arts Alliance were just touting for fame, with no real ability.
“Young master, this man not only killed Guo Wei, he even ripped off Guo Wei’s head and sent it directly to the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance ……”
The subordinate’s words instantly made Luo Xiang interested.
“Holy sh*t, there’s still such a thing? Looks like this kid is a bit interesting!” Luo Xiang sat up straight: “What’s this kid’s name? Where is he from?”
“Back to Young Master, this person is called Chen Ping, I heard that he is from Hongcheng in Jiangbei.”
The subordinate replied.
“Jiangbei Hongcheng ……”
Luo Xiang frowned slightly, “I haven’t heard of any masters appearing in that place, let alone masters of the younger generation.”
“Young master, this Chen Ping, who has also only recently emerged, just defeated Long Xiao of the Kyoto Dragon Family some time ago, and now many people in the martial arts forum are talking about it, saying that this Chen Ping’s current strength might be able to rank in the top five of the Prosperity Ranking!”
“Hahahaha, top five on the Prowess Ranking? That means he’s stronger than me? That’s f*cking bullsh*t, looks like I’ll have to meet this Chen Ping sometime.”
Luo Xiang laughed out loud, but there was a chill in his gaze!
Luo Xiang had never been satisfied with the fifth position on the Free Ranking, and now that a Chen Ping had suddenly appeared with a position to surpa*s his own, how could Luo Xiang agree!
“Young master, you don’t need to be angry, it’s just some people on the forum talking nonsense, how could that Chen Ping’s strength surpa*s you, young master!”
The subordinate had followed Luo Xiang for many years and knew that Luo Xiang was already angry at this moment.
Hearing the subordinate’s flattery, Luo Xiang then put away the cold aura in his eyes and then asked, “Has the man I ordered to be sent to Xichuan come back? Is that Gu Kaiyuan still stubborn and refuses to submit to my Luo family?”
“Young master, I was just about to report this matter to you, the Gu family manor has become ruins, that Gu Kaiyuan’s life and death is unknown, but on top of the ruins of the Gu family, there is already a group of people of unknown origin that have taken over that place ……”
The subordinate whispered and reported.
“What, there is still such a thing?”
Luo Xiang frowned.
Desert North and Xichuan were adjacent to each other, and the Luo family had always had the intention of annexing the Gu family, so they had always sent people to lobby Gu Kaiyuan to submit to the Luo family!
Now that the Gu Family had suddenly been short-changed by someone else, Luo Xiang felt a little surprised!
After all, in this part of the Northwest, there were not many people who could exterminate the Gu Family, not to mention the fact that the Gu Family’s Great Protection Formation was very powerful, otherwise the Luo Family would have annexed the Gu Family by force a long time ago.
“Go gather men immediately and follow me to Xichuan to take a look ……”
Luo Xiang was going to see what kind of person was able to destroy the Gu Family and take over the Gu Family’s territory.
…………
The Xi Chuan Gu Family!
Under the Gu Family’s Demon Suppressing Tower, several Martial Sects were outside guarding the area.
In a short span of ten days or so, the ruins of the Gu Family had long since been cleared and construction had begun anew.
And within the Demon Subduing Tower, Ning Zhi sat in it, a powerful aura surrounding Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi’s face was crazed, his face full of triumph, he really hadn’t expected that he had broken through to the peak of Martial Sect in such a short time.
He felt like he had only been in for a little over ten hours, yet he had progressed so quickly.
“Hahahaha, this is really a good thing, if I cultivate for a period of time, I will be able to step into the half-step Martial Marquis, or even the Martial Marquis realm, then who will be my opponent in the younger generation of the entire Kyoto Martial Dao world?”
“Even on the free list, there will have to be a place for me, Ning Zhi …………”