“Mmm!” Wang Han Han nodded!
“That Leng Bing is handsome and has money, why did you guys break up? Didn’t you just like him that handsome and rich?”
Li Jian’s tone began to take on a bit of sarcasm!
“I ……” Wang Han Han didn’t know what to say, but he could hear the gloating in Jian Li’s tone!
Looking at Wang Han Han like that, the smile on Li Jian’s face intensified, and then continued to ask Wang Han Han, “What did you come to see me about?”
“I’m currently working as a salesperson at Xin Yu, and I hope to sign a cooperation with your Tianmei, so I hope you can help me out ……”
Wang Han Han said!
After hearing Wang Han Han’s words, Li Jian suddenly laughed: “Do you know how big our Tianmei contracts are? Every single one of them is at least ten million or more, you a small salesman also want to follow our Tianmei sign cooperation ah? Isn’t that a joke?”
“I know, Tianmei cooperation is very difficult to negotiate, I just came to you, you are the director in Tianmei company, certainly have their own relationship, I hope you can help, after the success will certainly not forget you ……”
Wang Hanhan said eagerly!
She must find a way to negotiate the contract down so that Chen Ping could not be fired, otherwise Chen Ping would definitely be fired by that Cui Zhiyuan!
“Hahahaha ……” Seeing Wang Han Han’s pleading look, Li Jian laughed crazily, his whole person seemed to have gone crazy, causing Wang Han Han to have a few moments of fear in her eyes.
“Wang Han Han, are you begging me now? Do you still remember what you said about me when I was courting you? At that time you only had that cold ice in your eyes, I was worse than sh*t in your eyes, but now you’re actually coming to beg me ……”
Li Jian was venting years of suppressed anger in his heart: “I can honestly tell you, now Tianmei cooperation, I only need a word, our manager all listen to me, but why should I help you?”
Wang Han Han had an embarra*sed look on her face, once at school, she really didn’t see this Li Jian and ignored him, but who knew that now she was asking for someone else!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, Wang Han Han really wanted to walk away, she wouldn’t even have come to this Jian Li!
“It was my bad in the past, I was blind ……” Wang Han Han lowered her head and desperately belittled herself!
As long as she could sign the contract, even if she had to kneel down, Wang Han Han wouldn’t hesitate for a moment!
Seeing Wang Han Han’s lowly appearance, Li Jian’s heart was greatly satisfied, he received Wang Han Han’s phone call and called Wang Han Han to the company just for this moment, to vent his emotions!
“Wang Han Han, I won’t make things difficult for you, for the sake that we also went to school together, and I also liked you, you just need to promise to sleep with me, and I will immediately take you to the manager to sign the contract ……”
The corners of his mouth were raised high as the lustful light flashed in Li Jian’s eyes!
When Wang Han Han heard this, her whole body directly froze, she never thought that this Li Jian would be such a request!
“Li Jian, you …… are you still human?” Wang Han Han’s eyes were filled with anger!
“Since you don’t agree, there’s nothing more to say, you can go now ……”
Li Jian said with a cold smile!
Wang Han Han really wanted to slam the door and leave, but when she thought of Chen Ping, Wang Han Han didn’t move!
“Li Jian, can you …… change your request and kowtow to you, even if you have to be a horse for you ……”
Wang Han Han looked at Jian Li supplicatingly!
“I only have this one request, if you don’t agree, then it’s a no-brainer, I’ll give you ten minutes to think about it, after that time, it’s useless if you want to accompany me ……”
The only person left standing in the same place was Wang Han Han!