“Sister Qilan, are you unable to let go of master and then came after him?”
“I told you a long time ago, come with us, master is very good, don’t you see that he has so many women, but we simply can’t satisfy master together, you can just share for us!”
The Fire Phoenix was surprisingly mouthy in front of so many people!
This time, it shamed Gao Qilan enough, after all, she was still a big girl!
Chen Ping also let Fire Phoenix’s words make them all laugh!
The two of them, Liu Ruyan and Yu Jiameng, also lowered their heads with red faces, they knew that what Fire Phoenix said was not true at all!
This guy, Chen Ping, is too fierce ……
“Fire Phoenix, shut your mouth, don’t talk nonsense!”
Chen Ping glared at Fire Phoenix and said!
This scene, made Ji Yun who was on the side want to die head on, he was also a man, but he didn’t have the life that Chen Ping had!
“Damn, to be flirting at the end of one’s life, even if help came, it wouldn’t change anything!”
Fire Fiend was furious when he saw that Chen Ping even had several big beauties taking the initiative to throw themselves at him!
“How dare you, this is the land of the extreme north, our Gao family’s territory, how dare you spread your wildness here?”
Gao Qilan’s voice was icy cold as he asked the Fire Fiend!
“So you’re from the Gao family, but haven’t you forgotten one thing, this place will soon be out of the Extreme North Land, does your Gao family still care?”
“Besides even in the Far North Land, my Demon Sealing Alliance is not afraid of your Gao Family, if you are sensible, get out of the way, or even you will be wasted!”
Fire Fiend knew Gao Qilan’s identity and wasn’t afraid in the slightest!
This was just the edge of the Far North Land, he didn’t need to be afraid, and they didn’t need to be afraid of the Gao Family either in the Demon Sealing Alliance!
The few of them hadn’t been afraid when they had beaten up that Gao Qisheng!
“Since you want to die, then I’ll fulfil you, I’ll let you know the strength of our Gao Family in the Extreme North Land!”
Gao Qilan’s voice was filled with ice coldness, and with a casual grab, two frost condensed swords appeared!
“Miss Gao, this fellow’s strength is much higher than yours, you are not his opponent ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly said to Gao Qilan!
Although Gao Qilan was now at the sixth rank of the Harmonisation Realm, she was still much inferior when compared to the Fire Fiend!
“Don’t worry, I have ice crystals in my hand that my brother gave me, just enough to restrain his flames.”
“I still have some Ice Spirit Fragments here, you should quickly absorb them so that you can recover your strength, or else any random person can bully you.”
Gao Qilan said and threw Chen Ping a bag, which surprisingly contained a dozen or so Ice Spirit Fragments of different sizes!
Chen Ping looked at Gao Qilan with surprise in his eyes, not understanding how she had come by so many Ice Spirit Fragments!
“This is what my brother gave me, I came to chase you, I can’t go empty handed, this is considered dowry ……”
Gao Qilan said with a faint smile!
At that time, Gao Qiqiang’s words had made Gao Qilan determined to take the initiative to pursue her own happiness, and since Chen Ping did not open his mouth, then she would take the initiative.
That was why Gao Qilan had caught up!
Chen Ping listened to the word dowry, and for a moment he was a bit at a loss for words, because he didn’t know what he you with give to Gao Qilan!
Marriage?
In the end, he couldn’t even give Gao Qilan a complete wedding, so what was he doing with such an expensive dowry?
Gao Qilan could see Chen Ping’s hesitation, so she said jokingly, “You can rest assured, if you don’t want me, I won’t be looking for you to get back these Ice Spirit fragments.”
Although it was said in a joking tone, it also surfaced Gao Qi Lan’s heart!
Chen Ping nodded, with these Ice Spirit Fragments, Chen Ping would be able to recover most of his strength!
Although he might not necessarily be able to decimate that Fire Fiend, if he wanted to leave, the Fire Fiend would not be able to stop him at all!
The Fire Fiend watched from the sidelines, as Gao Qilan unexpectedly gave Chen Ping so many Ice Phenomenon Fragments to restore his strength, and his eyes instantly glistened!