Sure enough, after Chen Ping’s divine sense dispersed, he spotted Patriarch Luo’s figure, who was unconscious at the moment due to extreme weakness!
Coupled with the fact that this place was filled with Yin Fiendish Qi, if it was not a demonic cultivator, but just an ordinary cultivator arriving here, being infested with Yin Fiendish Qi for a long period of time would also cause damage!
Chen Ping hurriedly punched a spiritual force into Patriarch Luo’s body, which allowed Patriarch Luo to slowly wake up!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, where are we?”
Patriarch Luo looked surprised when he saw Chen Ping!
He remembered that he seemed to have jumped into the great rift, so how was he now with Chen Ping?
“Patriarch Luo, we’re at the bottom of the great rift, fortunately when you jumped down, you were wrapped in the Yin Fiendish Qi, or else your entire body would have been torn to shreds.”
Chen Ping said!
Only then did Patriarch Luo notice that they were all surrounded by Yin Fiend Qi and that there were white bones on the ground!
“Where are those people from the Ghost Fiend Sect?”
Patriarch Luo hurriedly asked!
If the Ghost Fiend Sect’s people were still there, then they would be in danger!
“There’s only the Ghost Fiend Sect’s Grand Elder left, he also jumped into this crack, I don’t know if that guy died.”
Chen Ping knew that the black-robed man had been struck by his own Supreme Fire and had fallen to the bottom of this crack!
Even if he did not die, he was definitely injured!
“How are the disciples of our five great clans doing? And Patriarch Chen?”
Patriarch Luo asked!
“There are still twenty or so disciples left from the five great clans, Patriarch Chen’s physical body was destroyed, but his residual soul is still there, so he can remake his physical body!”
Chen Ping replied!
Upon hearing this, Patriarch Luo fell silent!
As for the black-robed man at this moment, after falling to the bottom, his body was indeed injured by the Supreme Fire, but his life was not in danger!
Feeling the Yin Fiendish Qi around him, the black-robed man had a cold smile on the corner of his mouth.
As long as he absorbed this Yin Fiendish Qi, not only would he be able to recover, but his strength would also be able to rapidly increase!
Thinking of this, the black-robed man then operated his gong method and began to desperately absorb the Yin Fiend Qi!
This place was full of Yin Fiend Qi, and the black-robed man’s absorption speed was twice as fast as usual!
After the Yin Fiend Qi was absorbed, Chen Ping instantly detected it!
He could feel the flow of the Yin Fiendish Qi being absorbed!
Following the direction of the flow of Yin Fiendish Qi, he would be able to find the black-robed man!
“Patriarch Luo, I know the location of that Ghost Fiend Sect’s Grand Elder.”
Chen Ping said with a joyful heart!
“Then let’s go find it, that guy is no match if the two of us join forces.”
“There’s Yin Fiend Qi everywhere here, if we let that guy absorb it recklessly and raise his strength, we’ll be in danger!”
Patriarch Luo knew that he had to exterminate that black-robed man first!
Chen Ping led Patriarch Luo and quickly looked for the black-robed man based on the flow of that Yin Fury Qi!
When that black-robed man saw Chen Ping and Patriarch Luo, he visibly froze for a moment, but soon burst into laughter!
“Hmph, here, it’s my home turf, there’s Yin Fiend Qi everywhere, I can get replenished at any time.”
“And you two not only can’t be replenished, but you also have to divide your spiritual energy to resist the invasion of Yin Fiendish Qi, so even if I don’t fight with the two of you, after you stay here for a long time, you’ll run out of lights and oil, and die of exhaustion of your spiritual energy!”
The black-robed man was full of smugness!
Listening to the black-robed man’s words, Patriarch Luo’s face turned very ugly!
Because he knew that the black-robed man was right, in this place, he and Chen Ping could not get any chance of recovery!
Whereas this black-robed man had a constant supply of Yin Fiend Qi to replenish his host!
With such a disparity, even if they were to slowly consume, they would still be able to consume them to death!
However, Chen Ping looked at the black-robed man with a cold smile on his face and said with disdain, “Aren’t you a bit too early to be happy, you don’t need to think about it, since I was able to enter the bottom of this crack intact, it proves that I can also use the Yin Fiend Qi!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body suddenly exuded a suction force, the endless Yin Fiend Qi around him was like a torrential river, surging towards Chen Ping’s body!
The black-robed man was instantly dumbfounded, looking at Chen Ping incredulously!