“I didn’t expect your kid to have the breath of the three clans in his body, you have to know that amongst the vast thousands of circles, there are only a handful of people who are able to fuse the power of the three clans.”
“It seems that your kid’s natural talent is indeed good, so I’m also relieved to give you the inheritance!”
The old man’s face carried delight!
“Senior, what exactly are you …… you?”
Chen Ping asked!
“I am the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign, I have cultivated all kinds of supreme fires throughout my life, it is considered to be your good fortune that you have met me.”
“I put my kung fu insights into the inner walls of the copper tripod to look for the person with the most destiny.”
“I didn’t expect that the one with whom I have a destiny would be a Dragon Race teenager!”
The Fire Spirit Star Lord said slowly!
“Fire Spirit Starlord?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he had never heard of this name before asking “Since you also play with fire, who is powerful when you follow Yan Devil?”
“Yan Devil? Is that the one who allowed you to have the Devil’s Supreme Fire in your body?”
The Fire Spirit Astrologer asked!
Chen Ping had the Devil’s Supreme Fire in his body, so it should be this Yan Demon who taught him!
Chen Ping shook his head “Although my Supreme Fire originated from him, it was not taught by him ……”
“Haven’t you noticed that when your Demon Supreme Flame encounters my flame, it is like a grandson encountering his grandfather?”
“What is that Inferno Demon you speak of, the most powerful of the Devil Clan’s Supreme Flame belongs to the Departing Flame Demon Monarch, it’s just that on top of this battlefield, I didn’t run into him, or else I’d definitely have a good discussion with him about a few moves.”
The Fire Spirit Astral Monarch showed great disappointment!
Listening to the words of the Fire Spirit Astral Monarch, Chen Ping’s scalp went a little numb, that Inferno Demon was nothing in the eyes of this Fire Spirit Astral Monarch, Chen Ping didn’t know to what extent his enemy would be powerful in the future!
“Senior, what exactly caused this God-Devil War? So many cultivators were killed and injured, and several demons were suppressed.”
“Did you also fall in this God-Devil Battlefield and then leave behind this remnant soul?”
Chen Ping wanted to know something about the God-Devil Battle from this Fire Spirit Astrologer!
“Bullsh*t, just this small battlefield, how could I possibly fall, the old man just came to this Celestial Realm to stop the battle and leave behind this legacy.”
“As a descendant of the Golden Dragon lineage, how can you be so short-sighted? This Celestial Realm is just a lowly realm, even the God-Devil Battle back then was nothing more than some unimpressive guys fighting.”
“Immortals or not, Devils or not, there are also those beast races, including your Dragon Race that are also involved, the Celestial Realm is so chaotic that the people are suffering, I’m here to stop it.”
“If someone like me had come to the Celestial Realm to fight the war, you are now afraid that you would have long since lost sight of the Celestial Realm’s existence, and the Celestial Realm would have collapsed long ago.”
“The God-Devil War caused more than three thousand dimensional worlds to collapse, and even the Celestial Realm had hundreds of worlds fall apart, completely disappearing into the long river of history.”
“As for the cause of the God-Devil War, it is still a mystery to this day ……”
The Fire Spirit Astral Monarch said!
The words of the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign Avray shocked Chen Ping, because at this moment, Chen Ping suddenly felt like a frog in the bottom of a well!
He had initially encountered a few great devils and had thought that they were characters that stood at the top!
But now, it seemed that these few great devils were considered the top in the Celestial Realm, but when it came to other realms, to other worlds, they might not be considered anything!
Chen Ping was silent, he was so desperate in the Celestial Realm, desperately cultivating, wanting to excel in the Celestial Realm and be fearless!
But now, before he had even reached the point of walking horizontally in the Celestial Realm, he realised that the Celestial Realm was surprisingly just a very small, low-level dimensional world!
Outside the Celestial Realm, there were countless other worlds ……
This was just like inside a school, a student who was a very good learner studying desperately, wanting to be number one in the entire school!
In his eyes, the school’s number one was the most awesome!