Just as Chen Ping was preparing his stance to make a move, he suddenly thought of something and retracted his body’s aura again!
“Dealing with you cats and dogs, if I were to make a move, it would be too degrading, I’d better let my little brother step in!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he pretended to say, “Little brother, come out ……”
Along with Chen Ping’s cry, a black shadow suddenly appeared.
Immediately after that, a ten foot tall puppet landed in front of Chen Ping!
Looking at the tall and strong man in front of them, Ochre Yan and also Jiang Yulian were a little confused, not knowing when Chen Ping had taken in a little brother!
But the black robed youth smiled coldly and said, “Pretending, this is just a puppet, trying to scare us?”
“No need to be afraid, give me on, destroy this puppet first!”
In the eyes of the black-robed youth, a puppet was just a puppet, how much strength could it have!
“Kill ……” The five demonic cultivators simultaneously attacked towards Chen Ping’s puppet!
Ochre Yan as well as Jiang Yulian and the others watched dumbfounded, they didn’t understand how Chen Ping came to have a puppet!
How could he think of using a puppet to fight against these devil cultivators?
This obviously wouldn’t work!
Chen Ping only wanted to see what the strength of his refined puppet was!
Only to see the puppet’s body suddenly burst into flames, as if it was a fire god coming out of hell.
It was tall, and every step it took seemed to make the earth tremble.
The puppet waved those huge fists that were dazzled by flames, and each strike carried the power to destroy the heavens and the earth, as if it wanted to burn the entire space to the ground.
The five demonic cultivators joined forces and directly surrounded the puppet, but the puppet was expressionless, unafraid of life and death.
This was the difference between a puppet and a human, he wouldn’t care about his own life or death, and would only seize the most suitable opportunity to attack the most suitable person.
As for whether he would be injured or not, it was not in the scope of these puppets’ consideration, which was much stronger than humans.
The five demonic cultivators each displayed their own skills, however, the attacks of these demonic cultivators were all like child’s play in front of the flame puppets, and were easily dispersed by the blazing flames.
“What exactly is this …… flame puppet?!”
A devil cultivator cried out in shock, his face as pale as paper, his voice filled with horror and incredulity.
The other devil cultivators also revealed shocked expressions, they had never thought that a puppet could possess such a powerful force.
“Supreme Flame, how could this puppet possess Supreme Flame, this is impossible ah ……”
The black-robed youth was also filled with astonishment, he recognised that the flame on the puppet’s body was no ordinary flame, it was the Supreme Flame!
Upon hearing that it was a Supreme Flame, the five demonic cultivators suddenly had a big headache, no wonder their attacks had no way to penetrate the flames on the puppet’s body!
Jiang Yulian and Ochre Yan were also looking on with experience, also not understanding how Chen Ping’s puppet could possess the Supreme Flame.
Ochre Yan, being from the Inferno Demon lineage, he knew about the Supreme Flame, and he was also able to see that the Supreme Flame on this puppet was hundreds of times stronger than his Supreme Flame.
A puppet that possessed a supreme fire that was a hundred times stronger than his own, this made Ochre Yan puzzled!
After all, puppets were dead things, it was impossible for them to learn Supreme Flame, but how did the Supreme Flame on the puppet come about?
Ochre Yan was very curious, it seemed that he could only ask Chen Ping after driving these demonic cultivators away!
At this moment, the puppet did not even hear the crowd’s exclamations of surprise and continued to wield its huge fists, each attack becoming more violent.
A demonic cultivator attempted to resist with his black mist shield, but the flames easily penetrated the black mist and wrapped his entire body in flames. He screamed miserably and instantly turned into ashes.
The remaining demonic cultivators were horrified in their hearts when they saw this. They unleashed their most powerful forces in an attempt to turn the tide of battle.
However, their attacks were like scratching an itch in front of the Flame Puppet, and one of the devil cultivators condensed a black mist and threw it at the Flame Puppet, but the Flame Puppet was undaunted, and with a single punch, it smashed the black mist to smithereens.