But when Chen Ping’s figure emerged from that white haze of smoke, the two men’s hearts instantly broke!
“What’s going on, what the hell is going on here?”
Wu Feiyu looked at Nie Heng in confusion, knowing that this poison was exclusively refined by the Jade Tripod Sect, and that no ordinary disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect was qualified to possess it!
It was only Nie Heng, who was the eldest disciple, who carried this poison on his person, but now the poison wasn’t working?
Nie Heng was also at a loss at this point, and he couldn’t explain why this was!
They simply didn’t know that as far as the art of pill refining was concerned, their master Hu Yixiao was his younger brother before Chen Ping, and that Chen Ping’s body had long been invulnerable to all poisons, so any poison that entered Chen Ping’s body would be refined by the Heart Condensation Technique!
Looking at the two dumbfounded people, Chen Ping laughed coldly, “I am your ancestor when it comes to swordplay, but when it comes to pill refining, your master would have to call me grandfather when he sees me.
As Chen Ping’s words fell, his body flashed once again, directly reaching Nie Heng and Wu Feiyu!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping shouted explosively and blasted out with a fist!
With the power of the three clans, the power of the Holy Light Fist instantly increased greatly, only to see a golden light emerge from Chen Ping’s fist as if it was the sun!
Boom …………
The incomparably harsh fist wind shattered the entire void, and the bodies of Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng flew straight out like straw!
The two spat blood out of their mouths and hit the ground heavily!
In front of Chen Ping, who possessed the power of the three clans, the two men were practically unbeatable!
“Why, why are you so strong for the same realm?”
Wu Feiyu couldn’t understand why this was!
“Who are you? Why did you appear here?”
Nie Heng knew that with Chen Ping’s strength, he should also exist in the Celestial Realm as a son of a family, and he wanted to know just what Chen Ping’s identity was!
He knew that in this area, although the Jade Tripod Clan wasn’t considered the strongest, but as direct descendants of the Jade Tripod Clan, they could almost walk around in this area, but they didn’t expect to be beaten by Chen Ping, who was at the same realm, today!
They were not even able to take advantage of him, but they were defeated!
“I have no identity and even less power behind me, you don’t have to be afraid of my identity, if you two still have your cards, then show them all, if not, then I’ll send you to hell ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold gaze!
Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng helped each other get up, looking at Chen Ping’s icy gaze, they knew that if Chen Ping didn’t die, then it would be them who died!
At this moment, the two of them did not have the slightest intention of capturing Chen Ping alive!
“Chen Ping, don’t be too arrogant, as a direct disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect, we are not easily killed by you either.”
Wu Feiyu’s eyes gaped slightly and said!
“Of course I know that, even that senior brother of yours, Zhang, has a life preserving token, how could you not have the means to preserve your lives.”
“But whatever means you have, you can’t protect your lives, even if your master comes.”
“Even the King of Heaven can’t save you today ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes radiated killing intent, for the sake of those folks who died in Bashi Village, Chen Ping wouldn’t let Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng leave alive!
“You’re too wild ……”
After Nie Heng finished speaking, he pulled out two black pills from his body, then handed one of them to Wu Feiyu!
Without the slightest hesitation, the two men instantly swallowed the pills!
Immediately afterwards, the two men began to turn livid in expression, and their auras climbed, quickly reaching the strength of the ninth rank of the Realm of Transformation!
Chen Ping was only at the eighth rank of the Realm of Transformation, but now he was facing two opponents at the ninth rank of the Realm of Transformation!
“Bursting Pill, you think you can defeat me by using such a low grade pill to boost your strength?”
Chen Ping burst into a cold laugh!
“Chen Ping, this is not an Explosion Pill for us, this is an improved Qi Boosting Pill that will not have any side effects on our bodies.”
Nie Heng looked at Chen Ping and said in a cold voice!