The Ge family!
Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, the wounds on his body had already healed, Chen Ping’s own terrifying self-healing ability, coupled with Ge Fuhai’s elixir, Chen Ping’s body was healing very quickly!
Looking at the luxurious room, and the large soft bed, Chen Ping frowned slightly.
He only remembered that he had fainted in the martial arts arena, but he could not remember anything after that, nor did he know where he was!
Chen Ping got up and found that he was naked and there was a brand new outfit on the bed!
Chen Ping got dressed and got out of bed, wanting to see where the hell this was!
Just then, Ge Jiayi pushed the door open and walked in, holding a bowl of steaming soup in her hand!
Seeing that Chen Ping was awake, Ge Jiayi acted a little surprised!
“You’re awake?”
Ge Chia-Yi’s eyes were wide and full of incredulity!
Chen Ping had been injured so badly, but he had woken up in two days after being healed, it was simply too amazing.
“Miss Ge?”
Seeing that it was Ge Jiayi, Chen Ping was also slightly stunned, “What am I doing here?”
“Of course I’m in our Ge family, where else do you think I am?”
Ge Chia-Yi said as she placed the soup on the table.
“Ge’s house? How come I’m in the Ge family?”
Chen Ping was a bit strange, he had no involvement or friendship with the Ge family, so how could he be in the Ge family?
Ge Jiayi explained after Chen Ping, telling him everything that had happened after he had fainted!
After listening, Chen Ping felt a pang of fear in his heart, if Ge Fuhai had not stepped in at that time, he would have been a lonely ghost by now.
“Miss Ge, thank you so much for taking care of me ……”
Chen Ping said with a grateful face.
“No need to thank you, that Martial Alliance’s practice is indeed disgraceful, you should quickly drink this ginseng soup to replenish yourself, I will go and tell my father that you are awake ……”
Ge Jiayi said, turned around and walked out of the room!
Chen Ping looked at the ginseng soup and drank it straight away, a warm current instantly swept through Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping knew that the ginseng soup must have been made from old ginseng that was over a thousand years old, and there were quite a few valuable medicinal herbs in it, otherwise it would not have had this effect.
At this moment, Chen Ping was very grateful to the Ge family, no matter what the Ge family’s intentions were, his life was saved by Ge Fuhai, so he should repay them!
Soon, Ge Fuhai pushed the door and walked in, Chen Ping saw this and hurriedly went forward to salute, “Master Ge family, thank you for saving his life!”
“You are too kind, I was just lifting my hand, besides I have long been disgusted with the style of the Martial Alliance ……”
Ge Fuhai gently propped up Chen Ping and said indifferently.
“Ge family master, as long as you can use my Chen Ping in any way, I will definitely go through fire and water ……”
Chen Ping said with a grateful face.
“Chen Ping, I don’t need you to help me with anything, but I have something very strange that I want to ask you?”
Ge Fuhai said.
“Ge Family Master, if you have something to ask, I will tell you truthfully what I know.”
Chen Ping nodded and said.
“Then I won’t hide anything, your body is so strong, you are definitely not an ordinary immortal cultivator, what exactly are you?”
Ge Fuhai asked curiously.
This stumped Chen Ping, Chen Ping knew that Ge Fuhai was also an immortal cultivator and would definitely be able to tell his identity as an immortal cultivator.
But asking himself what he really was, Chen Ping really had no way to answer.
Because he himself did not even know what kind of person he really was.
He didn’t even know who his father was now!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, Ge Fuhai thought that Chen Ping was embarra*sed and said, “If it’s difficult, just pretend that I didn’t ask, I’m just curious ……”
“Master Ge, there is actually nothing difficult about it, because I myself do not know exactly what I am, because I was discarded when I was very young.”
“I also only recently learned that my mother is the eldest lady of the Long family, and I am not sure who my father is, so I have no way to answer you ……”
Chen Ping followed Ge Fuhai truthfully and said.