Chen Chen was beaten and bled from his mouth and nose, then knelt on the ground and begged for mercy.
“Don’t hit, please don’t hit …………”
Chen Chen did not expect that Xiang Chong was not afraid of his own father at all.
He relied on the fact that his father was the Lord of the Yu State Protector Pavilion and often flaunted his power, and no one messed with him.
After seeing Ji Ruxue’s announcement, he thought of coming over to take advantage of Ji Ruxue.
But he didn’t know that a small local Dharma Protector was nothing in the eyes of the big clans and families.
In the end, Chen Chen was beaten to death, but Xiang Chong didn’t kill him, after all, although the Guardian Pavilion Master was not in a high position, he was still an official, and Xiang Chong gave him face.
“Get lost, if not for the face of your father, I would have killed you today ……”
Xiang Chong yelled at that Chen Chen.
Chen Chen was so scared that he ran away and didn’t have the heart to look at the beautiful woman.
This made Ji Ru Xue furious, she did not expect this Chen Chen was a pretentious thing.
If she had known that his father was Chen Erhe, Ji Ru Xue would not have given him face.
He was just a small Guardian Pavilion Master!
Yesterday, she had been verbally molested by this Chen Chen, and Ji Ru Xue was angry just thinking about it.
After that Chen Chen ran away, Xiang Chong looked at Ji Ruxue with a smug look on his face, “Palace Master Ji, look at this helper you found, what kind of thing is it.”
“You even offered your body for help, and even then, do you see anyone coming to your aid? I advise you to be sensible and obediently obey me.”
“From now on, the Red Lotus Palace will be mine, and when the time comes, with the Sacred Beast Palace behind me, I can make the Red Lotus Palace the second largest sect in the south!”
Xiang Chong had a smug look on his face as he slowly walked towards Ji Ruxue.
Ji Ru Xue backed up repeatedly, her face hard to see.
“Xiang Chong, even if we die, we will never be cheap to you, this big pervert ……”
With that, Ji Ru Xue took out her own saber, ready to fight to the death!
And those children of the Red Lotus Palace were all ready to fight to the death as well.
At this moment, Ji Ru Xue was only worried about her sister, Xiao Min, who was nowhere to be seen at this time, making her very worried.
“Eldest Elder, when the fight starts later, you go and find Xiao Min and make sure to take her away ……”
Ji Ru Xue said to the Grand Elder.
The Grand Elder hesitated, but finally nodded and said, “Don’t worry, Palace Master, I will definitely bring Xiaomin out!”
Ji Ru Xue had no more worries and her eyes looked angrily at Xiang Chong, “Xiang Chong, either you die or I die today, come on ……”
Seeing this, a terrifying aura instantly erupted from Xiang Chong’s body, and then towards the hurried men behind him, “Do it for me, but don’t kill them, the living ones are useful!”
After saying this, Xiang Chong took the lead and charged towards Ji Ru Xue, while the others also instantly battled together!
However, because Xiang Chong did not want to kill Ji Ruxue, he did not let go of his grip, which allowed Ji Ruxue and the others to follow him and fight a bit.
While they were fighting, Minnie was still searching for Chen Ping, convinced that he hadn’t left the Red Lotus Palace.
She was convinced that Chen Ping had not left the Red Lotus Palace. Xiao Min had searched all night and had gone through almost the whole Red Lotus Palace, but there was still no sign of Chen Ping.
Minnie reached the depths of the Red Lotus Palace and walked up the stream.
This mountain was the last place she had not searched.
Following the stream, Minnie soon found the cave.
Looking at the dark cave, Mandy was a little scared to go in. She rarely came here because Ji Ru Xue had stipulated that no one could just go in or out of this place.
“Is anyone there? Is big brother Chen inside?”
Xiao Min did not dare to enter the dark cave, so she could only call out towards the inside at the entrance of the cave.
The voice traveled down the cave and soon reached Chen Ping’s ears.
Chen Ping, who was cultivating, opened his eyes with a jolt.
As soon as he heard it, he could tell that it was Xiao Min’s voice.