Rumble ……
Chen Ping’s sword chopped down, that old Sun was instantly shaken and flew a thousand metres away, while Chen Ping was also shaken and flew backwards!
Seeing this scene, Patriarch Zhou’s face became incomparably ugly, he did not expect Chen Ping’s strength to be so terrifying, knowing that although that Old Sun was also a Mahayana Realm 4th Grade, he was considered the strongest amongst them!
And Chen Ping was only in the Transition Realm, but he was able to follow Old Sun and fight for so long without suffering any major losses!
It was simply too outrageous!
Patriarch Zhou was also a bit thankful at this moment, thankful that he did not blindly make a move against Chen Ping!
If he had been cleaned up by Chen Ping, how would he be able to mix in the future?
After Old Sun was shocked back by Chen Ping’s sword, he slowly looked down, he surprisingly found that there was a wound on his left chest, although the wound wasn’t very deep, but it was outrageous enough for a small cultivator of the seventh level of the Transitional Appearance Realm to be able to injure him with a sword!
At this moment, Old Sun was very angry, after all, there were still people around watching, he was a Mahayana realm fourth grade cultivator, if he couldn’t even deal with Chen Ping, the seventh grade of the Transitional Appearance realm, what kind of face would he have?
What’s more, he had just made fun of that Patriarch Zhou, saying that Patriarch Zhou didn’t dare to make a move against Chen Ping, and that he was as timid as a mouse!
Now he himself had become like this, wasn’t this a proper slap in the face?
“Kid, I don’t care what your status is, I have to kill you today!”
Old Sun’s fists clenched as a terrifying aura erupted within his body, that aura swept towards Chen Ping like a hurricane!
At the same time, Old Sun’s body was like an arrow feather, shooting towards Chen Ping.
However, just as Old Sun moved, he suddenly stopped, followed by a frown as his eyes looked into the distant void!
Even Patriarch Zhou and the others all seemed to sense something and looked into the distance!
“People from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty are coming, don’t ink!”
Patriarch Zhou hurriedly reminded!
Old Sun nodded, then said, “Let’s do it together, kill this brat, and split the Seal Demon Alliance’s hundred years of offerings equally!”
After saying that, three Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade and two Mahayana Realm Second Grade cultivators, together, attacked towards Chen Ping!
Five Mahayana realms, fighting Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the seventh grade of the Transition realm, if this were to be spread out, I am afraid that it would become the biggest joke in the Celestial Realm!
A terrifying aura continued to spread in all directions, the entire void was distorted, the Great Dao roared, and the Heaven and Earth shook, as if this piece of heaven and earth was about to collapse!
Seeing that five people were actually moving towards him together, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed!
“You guys are fucking shameless ……”
Chen Ping could only curse at a few people!
However, he knew that even if he cursed them, it would be of no use at all, these guys were all demonic cultivators who did not speak of martial virtues at all!
Chen Ping knew that he was definitely not low, but he could not just sit back and wait for death!
Chen Ping put the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand and instantly swung out a piece of sword light, blocking the direction of the five people’s attack!
At the same time as he swung out the Dragon Beheading Sword, Chen Ping instantly sacrificed his God King Bow!
When the Divine King Bow was drawn to full strength, the countless Dao Pattern Fatal Qi around it began to condense into arrow feathers!
The five fellows were all stunned at the sight!
Before they could react, Chen Ping’s family drew their bows and arrows and shot them out!
Rumble ……
Accompanied by a shocking sound, Chen Ping’s entire body was instantly shaken out, even if Chen Ping took out the Divine King Bow, it was a bit of a mirage to block the attacks of five Mahayana Realm cultivators!
Only to see that the Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body snapped inch by inch, and then disappeared into golden light, even his physical body had blood splattered out!
However, Chen Ping had already held the heart of certain death, even if he died, he still had to pull a cushion!
So just now, that drawing of the bow and arrow had almost exhausted the Daolord Fury Qi in Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping just wanted to die together!
The terror of the Divine King’s Bow also gave the five people of Patriarch Zhou a fright.
They would never have thought to death that Chen Ping would have such a supreme divine weapon as the Divine King’s Bow in his possession!
Old Sun looked at his arm, and from that wrist, a hand was chopped off flush.
Several other people were also injured by the arrow feathers shot from that Divine King Bow!
Five people had joined forces, but they had failed to kill Chen Ping, and had even allowed Chen Ping to be injured in return.