On Chen Ping’s chest, the Dragon Crystal flickered with light, and even a dragon’s roar resounded from within his body!
Bai Shao was a bit dumbfounded, she didn’t think it would be like this!
Just now, she had only injected a beast power into Chen Ping’s body, but she did not expect Chen Ping’s body to respond!
Even more so, she did not expect that Chen Ping even had a bloodline of the beast race as well!
“The bloodline of the Dragon Clan ……”
Bai Shallow’s eyes became scorching hot as she stared at Chen Ping dead on, as if she wanted to devour him!
Luo Xi sensed the change in Bai Shallow, she wanted to stop it, but there was nothing she could do at all!
With a wave of Bai Shallow’s hand, a barrier suddenly appeared, isolating Luo Xi, and she couldn’t even see what was going on inside!
“Dragon bloodline, it seems my opportunity has arrived, I will heal your wounds and you make my bloodline strong ……”
As Bai Shao said, she actually started to take off her clothes!
Then gently pounced on Chen Ping’s body, Bai Shallow was going to use this method to give to let Chen Ping recover, and Bai Shallow herself could use Chen Ping’s dragon bloodline to follow her to combine, so that her own bloodline also became strong!
Luo Xi was outside, not knowing what that Bai Shallow would do to Chen Ping, and had already been anxious and scratching her ears!
But she didn’t realise that at this time, Chen Ping had already been ridden by Bai Shallow!
An hour later, Bai Shallow had already been sweating profusely!
And Chen Ping’s miserable white face had also started to become rosy, and his stamina had recovered quite a bit!
Slowly, Chen Ping opened his eyes!
But the moment he opened his eyes, he unexpectedly saw a woman’s face in front of him, looking at him with a smile!
“You’re awake?”
Bai Shallow said with a smile!
“Who are you?” Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly got up and stepped back!
But just as he stepped back, he realised that the clothes he was wearing had disappeared!
Chen Ping was stunned, and after looking at Bai Qian’s expression that was looking at him, Chen Ping seemed to understand something!r>
He had never thought that he would be humiliated by a woman ……
And that was even while he was unconscious!
“Who the hell are you?”
Chen Ping hurriedly put on his clothes and asked with a murderous face!
Seeing Chen Ping with a murderous look on his face, Bai Qian then giggled “Look at you men, there is not a single good thing, just now I even destroyed my innocence just to save you, but you don’t appreciate it at all, and you are still so mean to me?”
“You saved me?” Chen Ping frowned slightly “Who exactly are you? Why did you save me?”
Chen Ping now only remembered that he had passed out and did not remember anything behind him!
Moreover, Chen Ping had used the Divine King’s Bow, so he had to be wary of everyone who appeared by his side!
Who knew if these people were rushing towards the Divine King Bow!
“My name is Bai Shallow, you can also call me Fox Imperial Daughter, I saved you also because of your dragon bloodline, so you don’t have to thank me too much ……”
Bai Shallow said very bluntly!
“Bai Shallow? Fox Royal Daughter?” Chen Ping frowned, a divine sense instantly enveloped Bai Shallow, and Bai Shallow did not resist, allowing Chen Ping to probe himself!
“You are of the Beast Race, could it be that you are one of the Three Emperors and Four Kings, following in the footsteps of the Ikh Demon Emperor?”
Chen Ping asked!
“That guy Yihe’s strength can’t be compared to me now, he’s only focusing on hooking up with that Knight King, he’s forgotten to cultivate ……”
“How do you know Yihe? And what’s with the dragon bloodline in you? Could it be that you’re really from the Dragon Clan?”
“But I feel like there are multiple scents in your body, what’s going on here?”
Bai Shao asked suspiciously to Chen Ping!
When she followed Chen Ping and exchanged in-depth information, Bai Shallow had discovered that Chen Ping had several kinds of auras in his body, not just the power of the divine dragon.
“Don’t ask me first, what exactly have you done to me?”
Chen Ping asked with a serious face!