“Hmph, something that doesn’t know how to die ……”
That Patriarch Yang snorted coldly, and with a casual wave of his palm, a terrifying aura instantly erupted!
Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix’s bodies were directly lifted out by this terrifying aura!
The two men fell heavily to the ground, spitting blood from their mouths!
Obviously not lightly injured!
Ji Yun desperately wanted to get up, but he couldn’t move at all!
This Patriarch Yang was at the eighth level of the Ferrying Realm, and Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun were afraid that in front of him, they couldn’t even be counted as ants!
The pressure from his body alone made Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun unable to move!
Ji Yun’s face was filled with anger, but he was unable to do anything about it because he was not strong enough!
Chen Ping looked at the injured Flame Phoenix and Ji Yun without the slightest change in expression!
Perhaps at this moment, Chen Ping was already prepared to die, and there was nothing he could do to save Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun!
“Are you two afraid of death?”
Chen Ping looked at Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix and asked!
“Not afraid, ever since I followed Mr Chen, I have long since put life and death aside, it is my honour to die for Mr Chen.”
In Ji Yun’s heart, Chen Ping was a god, the one who brought him on the bright and righteous path!
Even if Chen Ping was now only at the second rank of the Transition Realm, it would not change his position in Ji Yun’s heart!
“Master, I’m already yours, if it’s fortunate that we still have a soul and a spirit left, I’m still willing to stay with you.”
The corners of Fire Phoenix’s mouth were covered in blood as she faintly smiled and said!
Looking at Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun, Chen Ping smiled!
Only, in his smile, it carried endless killing intent!
Chen Ping’s body was emitting a golden light as the Unbreakable Golden Body slowly covered Chen Ping’s entire body!
The Dragon Beheading Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand, and a dragon roared!
Behind Chen Ping, a golden dragon slowly took shape!
Looking at Chen Ping in front of him, that Patriarch Yang could not help but frown slightly!
How was it possible for a fellow at the second level of the Transitional Apparition Realm to erupt with this kind of aura?
This kind of aura could not be lower than the sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, I’m afraid!
However, as a Transitional Apparition Realm Eighth Grade Patriarch Yang, even if Chen Ping’s performance at the moment surprised him, he still did not have the slightest worry!
If a Transitional Appearance Realm eighth rank could not defeat a Transitional Appearance Realm second ranked cultivator, then he might as well run headlong into death!
“Chen Ping, go …………”
Just as Chen Ping was about to follow that Patriarch Yang and fight for his life, a figure suddenly leapt out from behind him!
Immediately after that, a long whip viciously lashed out at Patriarch Yang!
It turned out to be Bai Shallow, after she saw Chen Ping and the others being stopped, she broke away from the entanglement with the Tian Hai Sect and came straight towards the Tian Yang Sect!
Bai Shallow’s seventh grade strength of the Transition Realm was not a match for that Yang Patriarch at all!
Only, at this moment, Bai Shallow was only thinking of delaying time for Chen Ping so that he could escape from here!
As for life and death, she did not consider it!
However, Bai Shallow’s detachment caused Luo Shouhai and the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder to multiply their pressure!
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was following Hai Dafu in the middle of the fight!
Luo Shouhai, on the other hand, was blocking the many cultivators of the Heavenly Sea Sect!
Although the two of them also knew that Chen Ping was being blocked, they simply did not have the time to separate themselves!
“Hmph, guys who don’t know how to die, a mere seventh rank of the Transition Realm, how dare you make a move against me.”
Patriarch Yang snorted coldly, and surprisingly reached out and grabbed Bai Shallow’s long whip!
Immediately after that, a white mist went straight down Bai Shallow’s long whip!
Seeing this, Bai Shallow hurriedly shook the long whip in her hand, wanting to disperse that white mist!
But the white mist was too fast, and in the blink of an eye, it reached Bai Shallow’s eyes!
Bai Shallow’s arms then unexpectedly began to form frost, spreading all the way towards her entire body!
“This is cold qi ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping was about to step in and strike the Supreme Fire to help Bai Shallow out!
“Go, leave me alone, I’m fine, go ……”
Bai Shallow looked towards Chen Ping and roared loudly!
Bai Shallow knew that if Chen Ping delayed, none of them would be able to leave!