“Patriarch Hai, it’s none of our business when other people make a move, it’s better for us not to get involved in this matter.”
Patriarch Luo said with a gloomy face!
He would not choose to help Chen Ping, but he would not choose to harm Chen Ping either!
After all, the five great clans followed Chen Ping as non-relatives, Patriarch Luo did not have the need to help for Chen Ping!
“Patriarch Luo, we ……”
“Alright, I’ll make the call on this matter, tomorrow when Chen Ping and the others leave the Five Great Clans’ Residences, we’ll immediately close the Residences and not enter or leave for the time being.”
Patriarch Luo waved his hand!
Seeing Patriarch Luo’s resolute attitude, the others could only remain silent and were not in a position to say anything!
After all, within the five great clans, Patriarch Luo’s voice was the highest!
The crowd left from the hall, but that Hai Da Fu still had greed in his eyes!
There was no way he would let go of such a good opportunity!
Meanwhile, in the room where Chen Ping was resting, Bai Qian woke up with a jolt, her face becoming very alarmed!
“Chen Ping, wake up, wake up ……”
Bai Shao shook Chen Ping and shouted him awake!
“It’s so late, still want to do it ah? How many times has this been done, let me rest!”
Chen Ping said helplessly!
This Bai Shao was desperately asking for it, Chen Ping couldn’t even carry it anymore!
Luckily, the fire phoenix knew what to do and followed the spirit rhinoceros beast to play all day long, if it was added to the fire phoenix, Chen Ping really wouldn’t be able to carry it anymore!
“You quickly wake up, the Demon Sealing Alliance has actually issued a kill order in the entire Celestial Realm, as long as someone kills you, they can get a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance ……”
Bai Qian said with a nervous face!
“How did you know that?” Chen Ping opened his eyes and looked at Bai Shao in disbelief!
They had been together the entire time, how did Bai Shao know about the Sealing Demon Alliance’s Execution Order!
“The Demon Sealing Alliance used the Ten Thousand Miles Sound Transmission Technique, and my sea of consciousness picked it up.”
Bai Shao said!
“Miles of Voice Transmission Technique?” Chen Ping was stunned “You were able to receive it, why didn’t I receive it?”
“This Ten Thousand Miles Sound Transmission Technique is a kind of Sound Transmission Treasure left in the Celestial Realm in the ancient times, and I heard that only three of them have been found in the entire Celestial Realm.”
“The Demon Sealing Alliance has one in their hands, but they didn’t expect it to be used here, this Ten Thousand Miles Sound Transmission Technique uses the cultivator’s Sea of Consciousness to spread, but not everyone can hear it, it’s random.”
“I believe that someone within the five major clans must have heard this news as well, we’d better leave quickly, if the five major clans know about this news as well, they will definitely turn against you.”
Bai Shao urged Chen Ping to quickly get dressed and leave!
At this time, Devil Mountain Ghost Elder and the rest of them had also all gotten up and knocked on Chen Ping’s room door!
After Chen Ping opened the door to his room, the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man said anxiously “Mr Chen, the Demon Sealing Alliance has placed a kill order on you, and has taken out a hundred years’ worth of offerings as a reward, I’m afraid that there will be people who will try to disadvantage you.”
“We’d better leave quickly, this place can’t stay here for …… long.”
“You also received the 10,000 mile voice transmission from the Demon Sealing Alliance?” Chen Ping asked curiously!
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder shook his head while Ji Yun, who was on the side, spoke “Mr Chen, it was me who heard it, it was as if someone was talking inside my head!”
“At that time, I didn’t know what was going on, so I got up with the intention of checking it out, and then I realised that the halls of the five great clans were brightly lit, and that these people had assembled in the middle of the night.”
“As soon as I thought that it was for the matter of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Execution Order, so I rushed to call the Ghost Elder as well as the Luo Valley Master and the others to come and find you.”
“We’d better hurry up and leave, I’m afraid that if we don’t leave, we won’t be able to leave ……”
Ji Yun urged Chen Ping with a face full of anxiety!
The Fire Phoenix, holding the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, also walked out from the next door with a confused look on her face, obviously she had not received the Execution Order from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Alright, let’s get out of here.”
Chen Ping nodded, although he followed the five great sects without any grievances, he did not dare to bet on the humanity of the five great sects!
After all, in front of great benefits, many people were capable of doing anything.