“You seek death!”
When Lin Tianhu saw that Chen Ping had become like this, he was also furious and furious, and slapped his palm towards Liao Fei!
At this moment, he didn’t care whether he was a match for that Liao Fei or not!
“You’re so impatient!”
Liao Fei snorted coldly and kicked out, directly sending Lin Tianhu outside the room!
Gu Wentian, Su Wenzong and the others looked at Liao Fei angrily, but no one dared to make a move!
“Hahahaha …… hahaha …………”
Liao Fei laughed arrogantly, no one was his opponent here, he was the supreme, he was invincible!
“Bu Xu senior uncle, now all the Yin Cold Qi inside Xiao Ru’s body has been sucked away by this kid, but Xiao Ru’s physique remains the same, it won’t take long for the Yin Cold Qi to gather in her body again, the only one who can give her a root cure now is me, I am a pure Yang body, as long as I let Xiao Ru marry me and we reconcile Yin and Yang, Xiao Ru will be fine! ”
Liao Fei said as he looked to Daoist Master Bu Xu.
“You don’t think so ……”
Daoist Master Bu Xu glared viciously at Liao Fei, this shameless fellow, he had just finished molesting Su Yuqi, and now he was claiming that he wanted Xiao Ru to marry him, it was simply too shameless, Daoist Master Bu Xu would rather have his daughter die than be ruined by such a person!
“If you don’t agree, then don’t blame me for being unreasonable!”
Liao Fei finished speaking and grabbed towards Xiao Ru with one hand!
“Ah …………”
Xiao Ru shrieked in fear!
Daoist Master Bu Xu’s face was filled with anger as he stepped out to meet that Liao Fei.
Boom …………
Daoist Master Bu Xu was no match for that Liao Fei, and was directly hit by a palm that spilled blood from the corner of his mouth, seriously injured!
“Senior brother!” Daoist Wu Wei let out a cry of alarm, and the duster in his hand swung towards Liao Fei!
Seeing this, Daoist Master Bu Xu endured the pain and attacked Liao Fei as well!
Two against one, but Liao Fei was not the least bit afraid, with a cold smile on his face!
“Xiao Ru, run!”
Daoist Master Bu Xu shouted at Xiao Ru, he wanted to use his life to hold Liao Fei back so that his daughter could escape!
“Dad …………”
Xiao Ru looked at the badly injured Daoist Master Bu Xu and tears sprang to her eyes!
“Eldest niece, run away!”
It’s not that Gu Mantian was afraid of death, it’s just that at this time, an ordinary man like him with no kung fu would just be sending himself to his death for nothing if he stayed!
Su Wenzong also pulled Su Yuqi, “Yuqi, let’s go!”
“No, I want to take Chen Ping with me!”
Su Yuqi shouted, she didn’t want to escape alone!
Boom boom …………
With two loud bangs, Daoist Wu Wei and Daoist Bu Xu were both knocked out by Liao Fei, while Liao Fei was directly blocking the entrance of the room, looking at several people with a cold smile on his face, “None of you will be able to run away today, if you want to live, then think about how to serve me comfortably!”
Looking at Liao Fei’s cold smile, Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong retreated in quick succession!
At this moment, no one noticed that the thick ice layer on Chen Ping’s body, who had already turned into an ice man, actually began to appear tiny cracks, followed by cracks that grew larger and larger!
Click …… click …………
The cracking sound became louder and louder, and everyone’s eyes were drawn to it!
“Dad, look, it’s opening, the ice layer is opening …………”
Seeing that the thick ice layer on Chen Ping’s body had actually cracked open, Su Yuqi shouted excitedly.
When Liao Fei saw this, his entire brow just furrowed and his expression began to become grave!
Clattering …………
Soon, the ice layer on Chen Ping’s body completely shattered and scattered all over the place, while Chen Ping’s body was completely exposed!
“Phew …………”
Suddenly, Chen Ping opened his eyes and heavily protruded a mouthful of white mist!
The refinement of this Yin Cold Qi had caused Chen Ping’s strength to improve by leaps and bounds, originally he had just stepped into the fifth level of Qi training, but surprisingly he had directly improved by another level, now Chen Ping’s strength had reached the sixth level of Qi training.
If he had relied on the spiritual qi in the Pan Long Mountain, it would have been a long time before he could reach the sixth level of qi cultivation.