Hongcheng, in the villa of Pan Long Bay, Su Yuqi looked at the Marrow Cleansing Pill given to her by Chen Ping and said with a sad face, “What is this stuff? It smells awful, it’s disgusting to look at ……”
Chen Ping wanted to let Su Yuqi eat the Marrow Cleansing Pill, but looking at Su Yuqi’s look, she was a little disgusted.
“Ling’er, you eat it first, this is a spiritual elixir, it will guarantee that after you eat it, you will be transformed and your strength will increase a lot ……”
Chen Ping persuaded at Gu Ling’er.
However, Gu Ling’er took the Marrow Cleansing Pill, but it was also difficult to eat it, after all, the taste of the Pill was not very good.
See two people do not want to eat, Chen Ping a speechless, can only helplessly once again persuade: “This pill is called the marrow pill, but others want to eat can not eat, I spent a lot of effort to get you guys, you always want to cultivate, must first let their bodies off the bone to do so …… ”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re getting into.
After saying that, Su Yuqi pinched her nose, opened her small mouth and swallowed the Marrow Cleansing Pill.
The effects of the Marrow Cleansing Pill were not something that ordinary people could carry, and only after eating it for a while, Su Yuqi suddenly frowned and her stomach rumbled.
“Are you sure this is a Marrow Cleansing Pill? It’s not a draining pill?” Su Yuqi’s face went white, covering her stomach as a wave of abdominal pain surged up, simply making it unbearable.
“Yuqi, what’s wrong with you?”
Gu Ling’er originally saw Su Yuqi eat it and wanted to eat it herself, but when she saw the way Su Yuqi ate the Marrow Cleansing Pill, she immediately went forward and asked.
“Yu Qi, are you alright?”
Chen Ping also panicked a little.
Chen Ping hadn’t taken the Marrow Cleansing Pill, so how could he know what would happen? Once he saw Su Yuqi’s face suffocating in pain, he hurriedly pulled her hand to take a look, but before he could grab her hand, Su Yuqi quickly rushed towards the toilet.
Plop plop plop ……
The unmistakable sound of exhaust came, Chen Ping was dumbfounded, was it Su Yuqi’s bad stomach? Or was there something wrong with this Marrow Washing Pill?
With a puzzled face, Chen Ping went to the toilet door and knocked, “Yu Qi? Are you alright?”
“No, you wait outside, don’t come in,” Su Yuqi was so anxious that she hurriedly locked the toilet door, it was so humiliating, going to the toilet actually smelled so bad!
She was about to throw up in disgust and had to turn the water on as high as it would go and turn on the extractor fan to try to disperse the stench inside.
“Chen Ping, where did you get this Marrow Cleansing Pill from? You’re not being tricked, are you? If this spoils Yu Qi’s body, you’ll regret it ……”
Gu Ling’er glared at Chen Ping and tossed the Marrow Cleansing Pill in her hand directly to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping took the Marrow Cleansing Pill and was also dumbfounded, according to him, it was impossible for Long Wu to lie to him, and he had seen with his own eyes the Marrow Cleansing Pill Long Wu had practiced, so how could something go wrong?
“Yu Qi, are you alright? Do you want me to call 120 to take you to the hospital ……”
Although it was posed that Chen Ping knew the art of healing and was also highly skilled in medicine, Gu Ling’er did not dare to let Chen Ping look at Su Yuqi, which is why she remembered to call 120 to go to the hospital.
“No need, I just have a little stomachache ……”
Su Yuqi said hurriedly.
Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er had no choice but to wait outside. They waited for half an hour before Su Yuqi came out of the toilet with a red face.
“Meng Wei, are you alright?”
Seeing that Su Yuqi had come out of the toilet, Chen Ping hurriedly greeted her.
But before he could finish his words, Chen Ping was staggered.
It was because he saw that Su Mengwei’s skin was like gel at this moment, and her cheeks were translucent with a light pink colour, even without makeup, she gave the impression that she was as beautiful as a heavenly fairy descending from the earth.
Gu Ling’er was also wide-eyed, looking at Su Yuqi with a face full of incredulity, directly dumbfounding Su Yuqi.