Sheng Tiantai glanced at Chen Ping, his eyes full of disdain, “You are not a member of our Sheng family, what’s the point of supporting me.”
“You kid want to make a name for yourself, now wait to become a wastrel ……”
Sheng Tiantai simply despised Chen Ping, even if Chen Ping compromised, there was no way he would give Chen Ping the antidote!
“Scrapper? Do you mean such a wastrel?”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and suddenly struck out towards Sheng Tiantai!
Chen Ping simply slapped out, and Sheng Tiantai was instantly sent flying, his face swollen into a pig’s head!
“How can you …… you still make a move?”
Sheng Tiantai covered his face, his eyes filled with incredulity!
“You think that a little poison can make me lose all my powers? What a joke!”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted “Now take out the antidote and release the Sheng family head, then if you kneel down and sincerely repent, you might still be able to live.”
Sheng Tiantai’s eyes were filled with hideousness as he snorted coldly “Kid, are you talking in your sleep, do you dare to kill me?”
“Let me tell you, apart from me, no one can undo the poison on them, if you kill me, they will all become invalids as well!”
Sheng Tiantai knew that Chen Ping did not dare to kill him, that was why he was like this!
“You are quite confident, who said that this poison, only you have the antidote, and you don’t imagine that, since I can not be poisoned, can’t I undo it?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
“Kid, you don’t need to pretend here, although I don’t know what method you used to not be poisoned, but you want to undo the poison on these people, that’s just delusional.”
Sheng Tiantai wasn’t stupid, although Chen Ping wasn’t poisoned, it didn’t mean that Chen Ping was able to undo the poison!
“Since you don’t believe me, then I will try to show you ……”
Chen Ping finished and looked up at Ji Yun, “Ji Yun, come over here ……”
Ji Yun nodded, dragging his extremely tired body, he slowly walked over to Chen Ping!
Ji Yun was poisoned at a glance, while Chen Ping clicked a few points on a few points on Ji Yun’s body, and it was found that Ji Yun spat out a mouthful of black blood, and the whole person looked much more refreshed!
When Sheng Tian Tai saw this scene, his face instantly became very ugly!
He did not expect that Chen Ping would actually be able to cure the poison!
However, very quickly, Sheng Tian Tai seemed to have thought of something and burst out laughing “Kid, you don’t have to swindle me, if you could detoxify the poison, you would have killed me a long time ago, you just used your own spiritual power to temporarily suppress the toxin in his body.”
“I don’t believe it, with so many people, you were able to suppress it with the little spiritual energy you had in your body, even if you can refine an antidote, but there is no immortal herb here, you are powerless.”
“All you guys can do is kneel down and beg me, submit to me, otherwise it won’t be long before you’ll all become invalids even if you take the antidote.”
Listening to Sheng Tiantai’s words, Chen Ping said admiringly “Very good, originally I thought that villains were all fools, but I didn’t realise that you are very smart.”
“Hmph, if it wasn’t for my father’s favouritism, this Sheng family headship should be mine, with my intelligence, I will be able to make the Sheng family soar.”
Sheng Tiantai was appreciated by Chen Ping and even boasted about himself!
“Saying that you are coughing, you are still wheezing, then I will let you see if I can refine the antidote.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he casually flipped his hand and the Divine Peasant Tripod appeared in the courtyard, followed by a large amount of Immortal Herbs from within his storage ring!
When he was in Yellow and Blue City, Chen Ping had managed to get a lot of Immortal Herbs from that Pillfather!
Looking at the Divine Farmer’s Tripod in front of him and the large amount of Immortal Herbs, Sheng Tiantai was a little dumbfounded!
He really couldn’t figure out what kind of person Chen Ping was!
Even if he was proficient in arts, why would he still be able to make pills?