A moment later, Chen Ping withdrew his divine sense, and Pocky Hu stopped shaking the bell!
Shi Qingpei’s father and son’s faces were filled with dismay as they looked at the big bell in Pocky Hu’s hand, their eyes filled with fear!
“Dad, what kind of magic weapon have you been practicing for so long in seclusion? How come when you see someone’s big bell, it just doesn’t work anymore ……”
Shi Yan complained and looked at his father and said.
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are doing.
Was it really because he had encountered the other party’s big bell and was directly frightened?
“I took the Heavenly Chance Order away, I might send it back to you if I’m in a good mood ……”
Chen Ping took the Heavenly Chance Order and turned around and left!
With Shi Qingpei looking like this, the odds are that Chen Ping won’t be sending the Heavenly Chance Order back!
“Stop right there ……”
When Shi Qingpei saw that Chen Ping was going to take the Heavenly Opportunity Order away, he yelled out!
Immediately afterwards, dozens of members of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion surrounded them directly with various magic weapons!
Seeing this, Chen Ping asked coldly, “You want to make a move on me?”
“That’s right, leave behind the Heavenly Mystery Decree, that is our Pavilion treasure, how can we let you take it away so easily!”
Shi Qingpei said loudly.
Just now, he had given the Heavenly Chance Order to Chen Ping because he thought that Chen Ping would soon be under his control, and that he would be able to get it back then!
Now he found out that his Soul Invoking Bell was useless at all, so he could only resort to using force!
Chen Ping’s face instantly turned icy cold, and a murderous aura began to rise from his body!
“Think carefully, if you make a move, then this Hundred Refinements Pavilion of yours will cease to exist ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Don’t f*cking talk to me about anything else, leave the Heaven’s Chance Order and you can go, if not, you will take it back even if you fight for the entire pavilion.”
“I don’t believe that so many people and so many top grade magic weapons can’t deal with two of you ……”
Shi Qingpei knew that Chen Ping was very strong, but he had so many magic weapons in his possession, that was his bottom line!
“Humph ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, followed by fiercely probing out his palm and instantly coming in front of a member of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
As soon as he struck out, he grabbed that Hundred Refinement Pavilion member’s head and shattered it, and even the magic weapon in that Hundred Refinement Pavilion member’s hand was instantly turned into powder!
Everyone failed to react, and Chen Ping was back in the same place!
Such a fast speed caused Shi Qingpei to freeze for a moment!
“Kill him …………”
Seeing this, Shi Qingpei knew that he couldn’t let Chen Ping attack them all, so he yelled out!
Soon, a dozen members of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion urged their magic weapons to attack towards Chen Ping.
There was also a portion of them heading towards Pockmarked Hu!
Pockmarked Hu was not slow to take out his purple gold gourd and said with a faint smile, “Today I’m going to open up the light for this purple gold gourd ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get the best out of the gourd.
A terrifying force shot out from inside the gourd, and a member of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion who rushed ahead was instantly pierced through the body by this force!
Shi Yan looked at the purple gold gourd in Hu Ma Zi’s hand and was furious, this was originally something for him, but it was snatched away by Chen Ping and the others.
On the other side, Chen Ping’s body was filled with murderous aura, his fists flashed with a golden aura as he slammed out with a fierce punch!
Boom!
With one tight punch, all three or four members of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion in front of him were sent flying, and the magic weapons in their hands were instantly shattered!
The light emitted from the other magic weapons hit Chen Ping’s body, but they were useless, just like scratching an itch!
Seeing such a scene, Shi Qingpei instantly sucked in a breath of cold air!
“Son, go quickly ……”
Shi Qingpei knew that his people could not stop Chen Ping at all, so he had to run!