Long Jingguo said at this moment as if he had come to a sudden realization, “That Dragon Spring Water, it wasn’t originally depleted, but was stolen by you?”
Only then did Long Jingguo think about why the Dragon Spring Water, which was the most important resource of the Long Family, had become less and less, and finally nearly dried up.
It turned out that it was all because Long Xingxu had been secretly taking it all along!
The Dragon Spring Water was all in Long Xing Xu’s charge, and Long Jingguo had never suspected it, but now that he thought about it, it was too ironic.
“You traitor, I will never spare you ……”
Long Jingguo could not rest in anger, and once again rushed towards Long Xingxu.
But just as he took two steps, he was controlled by a huge suction force, only to see Chen Ping carry Long Jingguo in his hands with a single move!
“How dare you lie to me?”
Chen Ping looked at Long Jingguo angrily, and then punched this Long Jingguo fiercely in the chest!
A mouthful of blood spurted out from Long Jingguo, his face filled with a fierce look!
“Chen Ping, you kill me, kill me and you will never know where your mother is ……”
Long Jingguo gritted his teeth to death.
“Say, where has my mother been hidden?”
Chen Ping roared as he picked up Long Jingguo’s collar and kept shaking it.
“Haha, I just won’t tell you, I’ll make sure you never see ……”
Long Jingguo laughed.
“Ah …………”
Like a madman, Chen Ping smashed out viciously towards Long Jingguo.
Punch after punch, fist after fist!
Long Jingguo’s face was deformed by the smashing, but he just wouldn’t say anything!
Long Jingguo only had a dying breath, but still did not say where he had hidden Chen Ping’s mother.
“Your mother was sent by him to the Purple Sky House ……”
At that moment, Long Xingxu spoke up!
“Purple Sky Mansion?” Chen Ping frowned, he had heard that name before!
Back then, the one who wanted to propose marriage to his own mother seemed to be this Purple Sky Mansion, and later on, his own mother escaped from the marriage and was even chased by people from the Purple Sky Mansion ……
“Then where is the Purple Sky Mansion?”
Chen Ping asked.
Long Xingxu shook his head, “I don’t know!”
Chen Ping placed his gaze on Long Jingguo, “Say, where is that Purple Heavenly Mansion?”
“I am not going to tell you!”
Long Jingguo gritted his teeth before glaring angrily at Long Xingxu!
“No need to ask him, he sent four people there, when you come back, just ask those four people ……”
Long Xingxu was giving Chen Ping an idea!
When Long Jingguo heard this, he immediately cursed, “Long Xingxu, you traitor of the Long Family, you shall not die a good death ……”
“I’m a traitor to the Long Family? You don’t even spare your own sister, I’m better than a pig and dog like you no matter how I do it ……”
Long Xingxu sneered!
Long Jingguo’s body was trembling with anger, he never thought that he would also end up in this situation!
“Since it’s useless, then go to hell ……”
Chen Ping looked at Long Jingguo coldly, then stomped out with one foot!
Poof ……
Long Jingguo’s head, was instantly stomped on, instantly without a sound!
After killing Long Jingguo, Chen Ping’s gaze swept over the rest of the Long Family!
The others felt Chen Ping’s gaze and lowered their heads one after another!
“Chen Ping, you and I share the same Dragon Family bloodline, and they have no knowledge of it, I hope you won’t rush to kill them all ……”
“As long as I become the head of the Dragon Family, I will absolutely announce the entire martial arts world that our Dragon Family stands behind you and will definitely not be your enemy.”
Long Xingxu said to Chen Ping with a sincere face.
Chen Ping looked at Long Xingxu, he didn’t know if what this Long Xingxu said was true or not, but these people in the Long Family, they really didn’t know that these things were all done by Long Jingguo.
“Okay, I believe you!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Long Xingxu’s heart was overjoyed, with Chen Ping behind him, this position of the Dragon Family’s head was nine times more secure, who in the Dragon Family would dare to disobey him?
Long Xing Xu logically became the head of the Long Family, while Chen Ping stayed in the Long Family, waiting for the return of those four people ……