“This guy, he’s not going to bully you and just leave you alone to guard the spell, is he?”
Chen Ping said, and walked towards Pocky Hu’s room.
Just as he reached the door, he heard a woman’s voice coming from inside!
Chen Ping instantly understood why Ge Yuhan had just blushed!
“This old guy, he’s not possessed by a sex demon, is he?”
Chen Ping stepped forward and kicked open the door of the room!
“Ah …………”
A woman’s scream, followed by a girl running out in disheveled clothes!
As soon as Pocky Hu saw that it was Chen Ping, he said with a face full of displeasure, “You fellow, I’ve been protecting you for so many days, and now I want to relax, and you’re disturbing me?”
“Master Hu, I’m doing this for your own good, don’t end up getting your body all broken, you’ll never become a true immortal ……”
Chen Ping said to Pocky Hu. One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
“What true immortal or not, live one day at a time ……”
Hu Pazzi haphazardly put on his clothes: “Since you’re awake, then I’m going back to White Sea City, the ancient ruins of the Heavenly Rune Sect can’t be guarded by no one ……”
Pocky Hu intended to go back to White Sea City, but Chen Ping knew that he wasn’t there to guard the ancient ruins of the Heavenly Talisman Sect, but he was thinking about the two girls of the Shen family!
“You accompany me to Penglai Island, and you go to White Sea City after you finish your business ……”
Chen Ping said to Hu Ma Zi.
“What’s the point of going to Penglai Island? The formation there is broken and there isn’t much spiritual energy left, what’s the point of going there?”
Hu Ma Zi asked.
“Have you forgotten about the sculpture? It contains a lot of spiritual energy, so you can accompany me on this trip and have a companion on the way ……”
Chen Ping said in a slightly supplicating tone.
“Forget it, I don’t want to run away, isn’t there that little girl to accompany you, just what you two want to do, I’m not an old man in the way ……”
Hu Ma Zi waved his hand!
“I don’t have your ability, if you don’t come with me, you won’t look for me in the future for the matter of the Heavenly Rune Sect, and I won’t take the risk of pa*sing down those runic spell techniques to you ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and headed out!
Seeing this, Hu Puzi hurriedly went forward and pulled Chen Ping: “Look, I was just joking, you still take it seriously, pack up, let’s leave now, it’s just as well to take a break ……”
Chen Ping looked at Hu Ma Zi’s appearance and smiled faintly.
The three of them simply packed up and then headed towards Penglai Island!
After two days and two nights of travel, it was only then that they arrived at Penglai Island.
Just as the three of them had boarded the island, Ge Yuhan suddenly stopped!
“What’s wrong?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Why is there the aura of a Blood Devil here?”
Ge Yuhan’s face turned very ugly!
“That Blood Demon is on this island, but it’s a stone statue now!”
Chen Ping explained.
“A stone statue?” Ge Yuhan had a puzzled look on her face.
“Let’s go, you’ll know if you come with me to take a look!”
Chen Ping pulled Ge Yuhan towards the palace on Penglai Island!
Du Nan knew that Chen Ping had returned and hurriedly led people to greet him in high style!
“You kid are the boss here, looks like you’re very well off ……”
After seeing Du Nan, Hu Pazi went up and patted Du Nan on the shoulder and said.
“Master Hu is here too, come inside please ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market.
“Let me ask you, do you have ………… any here?”
Hu Pazi said, came up to Du Nan’s ear and asked.
After hearing this, Du Nan nodded his head, “Yes, I will definitely arrange for Master Hu ……”
“Hahahaha, not bad ……”
Pocky Hu laughed and walked into the palace!
And Chen Ping looked at that look of Pocky Hu, without having to ask he knew what request Pocky Hu had made after Du Nan.
“During the time I’ve been gone, has the forbidden land changed?”
Chen Ping asked to Du Nan.
“Back to Mr. Chen, after you left, I sent someone to seal off the forbidden land, no one has gone in yet ……”
Du Nan replied.
“Good, let’s go straight to the forbidden land ……”
Chen Ping was going to go and see how the stone statue was doing.