“Since you know that we are from the Ning family, why don’t you fold your hands and avoid the pain of flesh and blood ……”
A Martial Sect expert rebuked at Chen Ping.
“Hmph, it’s your Ning family’s people I killed, it’s true that there is a way in heaven for you not to go, there is no door in hell for you to barge in ……”
Chen Ping said, a bully stepped forward and directly slapped a palm at the Martial Sect expert who had spoken.
Before the other party had time to react, he only felt a strong force hit him, followed by the whole person flying backwards.
The Martial Sect expert’s chest was dented, his eyes were wide open and he had lost his breath.
The remaining few Martial Sect experts of the Ning Family were startled themselves.
“You …… don’t you dare …… do anything.”
Several of them were a little scared.
Chen Ping sneered, “If you guys say don’t mess around, won’t I mess around?”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s figure flickered away!
Immediately afterwards, several miserable screams could be heard.
Several Martial Sect experts could not last a single move under Chen Ping’s hands.
Looking at the several Ning Clan Martial Sect experts who had died miserably, a smile appeared at the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth.
He found that he was getting more and more comfortable with both his strength and his combat experience.
As long as he worked hard on his training, he should have a good chance of saving his mother and Su Yuqi years ago.
Chen Ping stepped over the corpses of several Martial Sect experts of the Ning Family and walked into the Demon Subduing Tower.
As soon as he walked into the Demon Subduing Tower, Chen Ping’s body felt as if he was immersed in a hot spring, very comfortable!
And at this moment, on the third floor of the Demon Subduing Tower, Ning Zhi was sitting on his knees, absorbing the aura within the Demon Subduing Tower, Ning Zhi’s strength was growing very quickly.
But just as Ning Zhi was immersed in his cultivation, a dangerous aura suddenly came upon him!
Ning Zhi’s eyes snapped open, staring intently at the stairs in front of him!
Da …… da …… da …… da ……
A sound of footsteps came from the stairs, which caused Ning Zhi’s brow to furrow.
He had long ago instructed those men not to let anyone in, and now that someone had actually entered inside the Demon Subduing Tower, this made Ning Zhi feel very strange.
“What people?”
Ning Zhi yelled at the stairs.
But no one responded to him, and the sound of footsteps was still coming clearly.
Ning Zhi jerked up, his brow furrowing even deeper.
If someone were to break into the Demon Subduing Tower, his own men would surely block it, and who could break through the block of a hurried Martial Sect expert?
Even if they could break through, there would be the sound of a fight, but Ning Zhi hadn’t heard any sound at all.
Ning Zhi’s heart began to panic a little.
In this area, the only people who could silently eliminate their own men and then enter the Demon Subduing Tower were feared to be those from the Luo family.
“Could it be that Luo Xiang has returned?”
Ning Zhi was suspecting that that Luo Xiang hadn’t really left, but was looking for an opportunity to kill himself.
As long as the killing was done, Ning Zhi would have no chance to inform the Ning Family!
And the Ning Family couldn’t possibly suspect the Luo Family!
Thinking of this, Ning Zhi looked around the Demon Subduing Tower and wanted to find an opportunity to escape.
But the Demon Subduing Tower only had one exit, and it was simply impossible to get out from anywhere else.
Ning Zhi gritted his teeth as a pair of eyes burst out with a cold aura, staring deadly at the stairway.
Soon, the figure appeared, and when Ning Zhi saw the person who had come, he froze for a moment.
“It’s you?”
Ning Zhi asked with wide eyes.
“Of course it’s me, who do you think it is?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth curled up in a smile.
“Hahahaha ………… I was looking for you, but I didn’t expect you to come to my door yourself ……”
Ning Zhi suddenly burst into laughter.
He was now at the peak of Martial Sect strength and had no need to fear Chen Ping at all.
However, Ning Zhi did not know that Chen Ping’s current strength was also long gone from before, and that Chen Ping had killed Guo Wei.
“It looks like you are very confident in yourself?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently as he saw Ning Zhi suddenly laughing, his face full of indifference.