After the Immortalisation Realm, that is ascending to become an Immortal, who, after becoming an Immortal, still stays in the Celestial Realm!
They would have ascended to the Celestial Realm long ago and re-entered a new cultivation!
What kind of person would be able to scare away the Immortalisation Realm at a glance?
Qiu Wanha couldn’t figure it out, but that genius who crossed over levels, he had seen it before, only he didn’t realise that Luo Ta was also talking about Chen Ping!
“Brother Luo, that genius who fought over a level, there are also some in our Beast City, but a cultivator who scares the Degenerate Immortal Realm at a glance, we can’t find them in our Beast City.”
“It’s too scary out there, it’s a good thing our Beast City closed up early, or else it would have become someone else’s prey long ago!”
Qiu Wanha said with a palpitating heart!
“Old brother Qiu is overly worried, with the strength of Beast City, it can still dominate in the Celestial Realm, after all, cultivators with that kind of perverted strength are still in the minority.”
Luo Ta patted Qiu Wanha’s shoulder and said!
Luo Ta followed Qiu Wanha as he walked and chatted, and soon arrived at the place of the Immortal Spirit Stone vein!
This time, Qiu Wanha didn’t bring many people with him, just a dozen or so attendants!
With Luo Ta around, he wasn’t afraid at all, even if that Criminal Daorong brought a few hundred people with him, it wouldn’t be of any use at all!
Some cultivators of the fourth or fifth rank of the Mahayana realm, even if there were more people, they would not be able to be a match for Luo Ta, a cultivator of the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm!
“General, that Qiu Wanha has brought another person here ……”
Just as Qiu Wanha and the others were approaching the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, someone immediately followed Interdiction Daorong to report!
Criminal Dao Rong snorted coldly and said, “I knew this guy wouldn’t die, how many people did he bring this time!”
“Only a dozen or so ……”
The subordinate said!
“More than ten?”Ding Daorong frowned, “What the hell is this guy up to? Follow me out to take a look……”
Xing Daorong led the people out of the makeshift palace!
Looking from afar, Interdiction Daorong saw that Qiu Wanha had really brought a dozen people with him, and beside Qiu Wanha was a burly man several metres tall!
Although Xing Daorong didn’t recognise Luo Ta, he didn’t put it on his mind, after all, in the entire Beast City, the only person who could be stronger than them was the City Lord who hadn’t shown his face for many years!
With a group of men behind him, Xing Daorong stood majestically in front of the palace, his gaze like a torch staring at Qiu Wanha and his group who were gradually approaching.
When the distance between the two sides drew closer, Xing Daorong took the lead, the corners of his mouth hooked up into a mocking arc as he shouted, “Qiu Wanha, you defeated general, last time you fled in disgrace, and today you’ve brought these two or three kittens with you to send them to their deaths, could it be that your head has been caught in the door?”
Qiu Wanha’s face was instantly so gloomy that it seemed as if water could drip out of it, he gritted his teeth and viciously responded, “Xing Daorong, don’t be crazy! Last time was just a momentary oversight on my part, today I will definitely let you know who this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein should actually belong to!”
“Hahahahaha!”
Xing Daorong threw back his head and laughed, his laughter full of disdain, “Just by you? And this stupid big man beside you? I think you’re just sick and desperate, finding a stupid person from nowhere to fill the scene.”
Luo Ta was already upset because he had listened to the two arguing all the way, and at this moment, being humiliated like this by Interdiction Dao Rong, he immediately stormed out, his pair of copper bell eyes glaring round as he angrily roared, “You don’t know what to do with your life, how dare you humiliate me like this!”
Before the words fell, Luo Ta’s figure flashed, like a discharged cannonball, with a whistling sound of wind, instantly rushing towards Xing Daorong.
Criminal Daorong’s face suddenly changed, although he had prepared for it, Luo Ta’s speed was too fast, so fast that he could barely react in time.
In the nick of time, Xing Daorong subconsciously mobilised the spiritual energy in his body and hastily condensed a spiritual shield in front of him.
“Boom!”
Luo Ta’s fist wrapped with the power of a mountain and a sea, smashing heavily on top of the shield, emitting a deafening roar.