Yuan Baozhong held the silver needle and recited the words in his mouth, only to see the silver needle start to shake wildly and make a buzzing sound as if there were mosquitoes flying around!
As the silver needle twitched faster and faster, a light blue flame burst from Yuan Baozhong’s fingertips, the flame engulfed the silver needle and soon turned it into a fiery red colour!
Yuan Baozhong kept holding the silver needle and never let go of it. Seeing this scene, Chang Yuanjun felt a burst of shock, after all, he had never seen anyone perform a magic spell before, after all, as the leader of Department Six, he couldn’t believe in these things!
But now that he had seen it with his own eyes, Yuan Baozhong had to believe it, which is why he was shocked and appalled!
“Master Yuan is worthy of being the number one spell master in China and Hong Kong, it’s simply incredible ……”
Chang Wanjun couldn’t help but exclaim!
“Leader, this is just a trivial skill, Master Yuan’s ability is much greater, he can raise the dead back to life ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing.
The silver needles pierced into the skin, making a prickly sound and a burnt smell.
He wanted to ask Yuan Baozhong if his son was going to die from being stabbed in the heart if he went on like this. But he didn’t ask, he was afraid that he would disturb Yuan Baozhong’s treatment and that there would be some kind of accident!
Soon, all the silver needles of more than ten centimeters were stabbed into Chang Yuan’s chest, only a small section was exposed outside, and then at the tip of the exposed section of the silver needles, black blood actually started to emerge, and then started to spray.
It turned out that the silver needle was actually hollow, and the blood spurted out along with it, all black blood!
Seeing this, Yuan Baozhong hurriedly took out several silver needles again and stuck them all into Chang Yuan’s body in one breath!
After all the silver needles were inserted into Chang Yuan’s body, he saw Chang Yuan’s body shake for a moment and suddenly opened his eyes and mouth!
Seeing his son’s eyes open, Chang Yuan Jun jumped up in excitement.
“Son, son, you’ve finally woken up, look at me quickly ……”
Chang Yuanjun shouted at Chang Yuan!
But at this time, Chang Yuan’s eyes were bloodshot and his eyeballs were motionless, as if he couldn’t hear Chang Yuan Jun’s shouts at all.
Seeing that his son was not responding at all, Chang Yuan Jun looked at Yuan Baozhong with a puzzled expression, “Master Yuan, what’s wrong with my son? Why is he awake and doesn’t seem to recognise me?”
“Don’t worry leader, it will soon be fine ……”
Master Yuan said indifferently!
Since Chang Yuan had woken up, Yuan Baozhong was relieved in his heart, and with a wave of his palms, he took out all the silver needles from Chang Yuan’s body.
Seeing how calm Yuan Baozhong was, Chang Yuan Yuan was relieved in his heart and quietly waited for his son to be able to recognize himself!
“Ah …………”
Suddenly, Chang Yuan’s open mouth roared out, directly taking Chang Yuan Jun by surprise!
Even that Yuan Baozhong and Zou Zhaolong were also scared to death!
With the roar, Chang Yuan, who had been lying on the bed, sat up straight away, his eyes still as bloodshot as ever, while a stream of black gas spurted out of his mouth, followed by Chang Yuan’s whole face turning black rapidly!
It was as if the whole person had turned black and festered all at once. Looking at his son’s appearance, Chang Yuan Jun was stunned!
Yuan Baozhong was also stunned, he didn’t expect Chang Yuan to turn out like this, he had just forced the poison out of Chang Yuan’s body, how could it have suddenly gotten worse again?