Soul Demon Sect!
This was a clan that wasn’t very large in scale, with most of the houses made of stone and no decent mountain gates!
It looked like life in this Soul Demon Sect should be very hard, seeing as how living in the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain was much harder than at the foot of the mountain!
If they hadn’t suffered from ostracism and spurning, perhaps the Soul Demon Sect wouldn’t have moved to such a hard place!
“Mr Cheng, the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain are no better than the bottom of the mountain, the conditions are a bit tougher, I’ve made you laugh.”
Jiang Yulian said awkwardly!
“Miss Jiang, as cultivators, we should focus on cultivation, everything else is just clouds of smoke.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
At this moment, outside the Soul Demon Sect’s gate, a dozen or so cultivators were waiting!
They should be waiting for Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian!
“Senior brother, senior sister, you guys are finally back, master is dying, Divine Doctor Liu wants us to find you!”
A Soul Demon Sect member with a skinny body that looked like he was malnourished said anxiously!
“What’s going on? Go and take a look ……”
When Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian heard this, they anxiously ran towards the sect!
The others followed behind, and Chen Ping also followed when he saw this!
At this moment, the entire Soul Demon Sect had long been in chaos, and no one was paying attention to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, followed after Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian, after all, he was unfamiliar with the area, so he couldn’t run around blindly!
Chen Ping followed the two people and ran into a slightly larger room, and saw an old man with white hair lying on the bed!
The old man’s face was very ugly, his breathing was also very weak, and the breath in his body was almost no longer swimming!
It looked like there was a feeling of running out of oil, not like he was suffering from some kind of illness!
“Master, master …………”
Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian flung themselves in front of the bed, unable to stop their tears from flowing out!
On the other hand, on the side of the bed, a middle-aged, slightly chubby man, after seeing Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian, his expression became somewhat surprised!
> However, that expression only flickered, and then the slightly chubby man spoke, “Miss Jiang, I don’t know if you have fetched the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng?”
“Divine Doctor Liu, fetched it, fetched it ……”
Jiang Yulian hurriedly pulled out the wooden box, then took out the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!
Seeing the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, that Divine Doctor Liu’s eyes just lit up, then he took the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng over!
“All of you go out, I’m going to heal Patriarch Jiang.”
Divine Doctor Liu waved his hand and said!
Seeing this, Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian had no choice but to back out despite their reluctance!
The door to the room closed, and then that divine Doctor Liu began to heal inside the room!
The many disciples of the Soul Demon Sect waited anxiously outside!
“Senior brother, senior sister, what took you guys so long to come back, where are the other senior brothers?”
The skinny man who greeted him asked Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian!
With such a question, both Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian fell silent, and the two silently lowered their heads!
Seeing this scene, the other disciples of the Soul Demon Sect seemed to understand something!
Only then did Chen Ping realise that it was not Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian who had taken this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!
It was only after a while that Jiang Yulian raised her head and said “The other senior brothers were all sucked into the Devil Swallowing Cave, so I guess they are in a bad way.”
“I followed my senior brother and was chased again to snatch this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, that’s why I was delayed.”
Hearing the words Devil Swallowing Cave, Chen Ping was instantly startled!
“Miss Jiang, what do you mean, this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was dug up from the vicinity of the Devil Swallowing Cave?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Yes, only in the vicinity of the Devil Swallowing Cave is this Heavenly Devil Dragon Ginseng found, the aura within this Heavenly Devil Dragon Ginseng follows other herbs differently.”
“Divine Doctor Liu said that only the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng can save our master.”
Jiang Yulian explained!
Chen Ping was silent, he did feel that within the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was Immortal Aura, however there were a few special features that Chen Ping himself could not say!