“There’s no need to look, I’m here already!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“What? You are Chen Ping?”
The butler sized up Chen Ping in surprise.
“Not bad, just like the fake Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“Good boy, you killed our young master and second master, and you still dare to find the Luo family, I think you are looking for death ……”
After the butler finished speaking, the two eighth grade Martial Sects behind him instantly leapt up.
Without waiting for Chen Ping to speak, these two men had already launched an attack towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned, he could not understand why this butler said so.
Although he had a grudge against that Luo Xiang and had indeed made a move, he had not killed Luo Xiang and had even less seen that Luo Jinzuo, so how could this butler say that he had killed him?
As Chen Ping was pondering, two Luo family experts arrived in front of him.
The two men’s breath exploded and the wind of their fists whistled as they arrived.
But Chen Ping didn’t even look at these two guys and casually slapped out with his hand.
A strong wind swept through them, and before they could touch Chen Ping, they were instantly knocked out.
Their bodies fell heavily against the wall and then fell to the ground.
With this seemingly normal slap, the two Eighth Grade Martial Sects died directly from the rupture of their internal organs ……
This scene scared the Luo family’s housekeeper so much that he almost didn’t sit down on the ground, his whole body trembling.
Looking at the frightened Luo family’s housekeeper, Chen Ping said in a cold voice, “Go and tell the Luo family’s housekeeper to get out ……”
At this, the housekeeper didn’t dare to say anything else and hurriedly ran to the backyard!
Luo Jinyou was drinking his tea and thought nothing was wrong when he saw the butler running in in a hurry.
“Master, Master, it’s not good, that Chen Ping is here, Chen Ping is here ……”
The butler shouted!
Snap!
Who knows, Luo Jinyou gave the butler a fierce slap.
“Shouting, what decency, what can that Chen Ping do if he is here?”
Luo Jinyou looked at this housekeeper angrily, then asked, “Then who did Chen Ping come with?”
“Himself, he came by himself, he was the one who just kicked the door open.”
The butler said hastily.
“Came by himself?” Luo Jinyou frowned slightly, “This kid is not bold, I was about to seek revenge on him, but he came to the door on his own initiative.”
“Master, this Chen Ping is very strong, just now two of our eighth grade Martial Sect experts were directly killed by him!”
The butler said to Luo Jinyou.
Luo Jinyou’s eyes were indifferent as he said, “No matter how strong he is, when it comes to my Luo family, I will make him bury my son with him ……”
After saying that, Luo Jinyou walked towards the front yard, the butler hurriedly followed behind.
When Luo Jinyou saw Chen Ping, his eyes were filled with killing intent.
“Kid, you killed my relatives, and you still dare to come directly to the family, it seems that you really don’t put my Luo family in your eyes ……”
Luo Jinyou gritted his teeth as his body’s powerful Qi continued to roll over!
“Why wouldn’t I dare? Your Luo family brought people to attack the Valley of Evil and killed my men, today I am here to seek justice ……”
Chen Ping’s body also rose with killing intent.
Whether it was the Vicious Man Valley or the Shadowless Villa, or even the Pill God Valley, all of them were under Chen Ping’s hands, following the battle of the Desolate Martial World, with countless deaths and injuries!
How could Chen Ping possibly swallow this anger.
“Seeking justice? My words, Luo Jinyou’s words, are justice.”
Luo Jinyou’s face was terribly gloomy: “Since you’ve come, don’t leave ……”
After saying that, Luo Jinyou had already swung his fist up.
The terrifying qi energy brought up a gust of wind, Luo Jinyou was able to rule the entire Desolate North martial arts community, his strength could not be underestimated.
With this fist, the sky and the earth changed colour and the air hummed!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body instantly flashed with golden light, and his Unbreakable Golden Body covered Chen Ping’s entire body in a flash.
Boom!
The terrifying fist wind hit Chen Ping’s body so hard that Chen Ping’s body took two steps backwards, and the scales on his chest had cracks and did not fall off.