The two blood corpses slowly rose from the coffins, shrouded in black mist, hovering in mid-air.
The former Master of Tianyuan Pavilion had become their puppet, his eyes vacant, yet his body now exuded a terrifying aura several times stronger than before.
It was the peak of the Loose Immortal realm, almost touching the might of an Earth Immortal!
“Mere ants of Tianyuan Pavilion…”
The half-male, half-female Master raised his head, his gaze sweeping over the elders outside the Hidden Abyss Cave, who sensed the disturbance and attempted to intrude, “Follow us… to raze the Asura Hall!”
The disturbance at Tianyuan Pavilion didn’t last long. When the core disciples broke into the Hidden Abyss Cave, they found only two empty coffins and their Master in his half-male, half-female form, his aura so terrifying it was suffocating.
Without any explanation, the half-male, half-female Master waved a hand, and dozens of black-clad cultivators, as if controlled by an invisible force, soared into the sky with him, heading straight for another major power in the Second Heaven—the Asura Hall.
…
Asura Hall.
Since letting the Grand Elder go, Sang Tianyang had been plagued by self-doubt.
He wasn’t sure if his decision was right or wrong.
“Father, are you still thinking about that?” Sang Lan asked, approaching him.
“Sigh!” Sang Tianyang sighed, “Lan’er, do you think your father is cruel, forcibly breaking up a loving couple?”
“I…” Sang Lan didn’t know how to respond.
She did feel her father had gone too far and shouldn’t have acted that way!
With countless women in the Second Heaven, given her father’s status and strength, he could have any woman he wanted. Why forcibly tear apart a loving couple?
“Back then, I was young and reckless. I had to have the one I loved.”
“But now, I know I went too far, which is why I let the Grand Elder go.”
“If he comes back for revenge, I might not even fight back!”
Sang Tianyang acknowledged the mistakes of his past.
“Father, it’s in the past, don’t dwell on it. You should focus on cultivating calmly!”
Sang Lan said.
“Alright!” Sang Tianyang nodded, rising to return to his cultivation.
But at that moment, a blood-red mist suddenly churned violently above the Asura Hall.
A stench of blood, even thicker than the mist, assaulted their senses.
Sang Tianyang stood on the high platform before the hall’s entrance, frowning as he gazed at the horizon.
Sang Lan, by his side, instantly drew her weapon, gripping the Bloodweeping Blade tightly, its blood-like veins pulsing restlessly, “Father, who’s coming? This aura… it’s very wrong!”
Sang Tianyang shook his head gravely, unsure of the source of this aura!
Before his words faded, dozens of black shadows tore through the clouds, hovering above the Asura Hall.
Leading them was the half-male, half-female Master of Tianyuan Pavilion, wreathed in black mist. Half his face was greenish-black and ferocious, the other half unnaturally soft and sickly beautiful. His eyes held no emotion, only a blood-red madness.
“Sang Tianyang…”
The half-male, half-female voice echoed through the heavens, a chilling blend of masculine and feminine tones,
“Hand over… the ‘Asura Blood Crystal’… or else… Asura Hall will be annihilated today!”
Sang Tianyang’s pupils contracted, “The Asura Blood Crystal? What do you want with it?”
“And how did you become this monstrous, neither human nor ghost?”
The Asura Blood Crystal was the sacred treasure of the Asura Hall, formed from the heart of the ancient Asura God upon his fall, imbued with boundless slaughterous power, usable only by successive Hall Masters.
Though Tianyuan Pavilion and Asura Hall had never been on good terms, the Asura Blood Crystal was useless to Tianyuan Pavilion. Why demand it now?
Moreover, the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion before him had an aura at the peak of the Loose Immortal realm, even tinged with the might of an Earth Immortal!