Zhu Zhishan pushed the door and walked in, while the old man instantly opened his eyes, and after seeing Zhu Zhishan, he instantly revealed a flattering smile.
“This gentleman, is it a fortune telling? Please sit down quickly!”
The old man got up and hurriedly wiped his sleeve on the stool, allowing Zhu Zhishan to sit down.
In his opinion, Zhu Zhishan was well-dressed and was a big customer!
“I don’t tell fortunes!” Zhu Zhishan shook his head.
The old man was slightly stunned, then asked in confusion, “This gentleman, I am a fortune teller here, what are you doing here if you don’t tell fortunes?”
“I’m here to find you to draw charms.”
Zhu Zhishan said bluntly.
“Draw charms?” The old man was slightly stunned, then his face changed and he said, “I’m just an old man who tells fortunes, I don’t know how to draw charms, I don’t, I don’t ……”
The old man waved his hand repeatedly and sat back down again.
Zhu Zhishan did not say anything, but took out the token and slapped it on the table with a snap.
Seeing the token, the old man’s face instantly became ugly.
“Pocky Hu, the fact that I can find my way here proves that I know your identity, don’t play sloppy with me, draw two tracking talismans and I’ll pretend I don’t know anything!”
Zhu Zhishan said coldly to the old man.
The old man looked at Zhu Zhishan, and then looked at the token on the table, and finally sighed helplessly.
Immediately afterwards, the old man lifted the broken quilt on the bed and took out the yellow paper and vermilion from underneath, then took a deep breath and quickly drew them.
Soon, the two tracking charms were finished, while the old man’s forehead was covered with sweat.
Zhu Zhishan picked up the tracking talisman and put it away with satisfaction.
“This tracking talisman needs ……”
“No need for you to tell me, I will use it!” Without waiting for the old man to finish, Zhu Zhishan directly interrupted him, then continued, “You stay here honestly, maybe it won’t be long before I need to use you!”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, he turned around and left the broken house.
After Zhu Zhishan left, the old man pondered for a moment, then took off his dirty clothes, and underneath those dirty clothes was a tight-fitting suit, followed by a claw towards his face, and lifted off the human skin mask he was wearing.
Underneath the mask was a face full of pockmarks, but by the looks of it, Hu Ma Zi was not very old.
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a good deal on a lot of things.
………………
The first thing you need to do is to take a look at the place.
Zhu Zhishan took out a tracking talisman, and then cupped it in his hand as if he was chanting something, and immediately after that the tracking talisman suddenly burst into flames in Zhu Zhishan’s hand.
The tracking talisman burned and instantly produced a large amount of smoke, soon a surprising scene appeared, only to see the figure of Chen Ping emerge from the smoke, and even the surrounding scenery could be seen clearly!
“Humph, I didn’t expect to run so fast, this time I’ll see where the hell you’re going to escape ……”
Zhu Zhishan coldly snorted, then led his men directly towards the direction of Chen Ping’s escape to chase after him.
While chasing after Chen Ping, Zhu Zhishan also posted a message on the forum in the name of the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance!
The head of the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance, Zhu Zhishan, was going to personally hunt down Chen Ping, and no clan or family was allowed to provide any help to Chen Ping, otherwise they would be enemies of the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance.
Such a piece of news shocked many people, although Chen Ping had often had his news on the forums during this period of time, but this was the first time that a news like this was released by the Martial Alliance itself!
Even when Chen Ping had killed Guo Wei, the director of the Martial Arts Alliance, the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance had not even dared to openly say on the forum that they were going to hunt Chen Ping down and kill him.
This time, the public announcement meant that there was no longer anything behind Chen Ping that the Kyoto Martial Arts Union would be afraid of.