A spray of blood instantly rose from Long Xiao’s chest as his body flew backwards.
Looking at the wound on his body, Long Xiao’s face turned ugly, and it was only at this moment that he realized that Chen Ping’s strength was far above his own.
However, Chen Ping’s blow did not kill Long Xiao, and the wound on his chest, which began to be wrapped in a black mist, quickly healed.
Chen Ping stared at Long Xiao, and his expression began to become grave.
That blow just now had failed to kill Long Xiao, so it was evident that Long Xiao’s strength had also improved greatly. After seeing how quickly Long Xiao’s wound had healed, Chen Ping knew that he was afraid that it would be very difficult for him to kill Long Xiao quickly.
Zhu Zhishan, who was not far away, saw Long Xiao being sent flying by Chen Ping’s sword strike, and a few cold smiles appeared on his face.
After this blow, Long Xiao should not be able to refuse him to strike together.
“This kid’s divine dragon power is just right to suppress me, you can’t kill him yet, you can only join forces ……”
At this moment, an old voice rang out in Long Xiao’s mind.
Long Xiao looked coldly at Chen Ping, although he wanted to kill Chen Ping handily, but Chen Ping’s strength was something that he was not able to deal with right now.
“Duke Long, if you need help, just say so, my men are ready to strike at any time ……”
Zhu Zhishan said to Long Xiao.
Long Xiao was silent, he had just said he didn’t need Zhu Zhi Shan, now in front of everyone, asking for help before opening his mouth would be disgraceful!
Chen Ping saw that Long Xiao was still hesitating, it was a good time to kill Long Xiao alone, so he roared in anger, his aura began to explode, a golden light flashed above the tip of his sword, then he waved it on the ground, instantly an imprint appeared above the ground!
Soon, this imprint wrapped Chen Ping and Long Xiao all inside, and as the light burst out from the ground, a small world enveloped in light appeared.
In this, there was only Chen Ping and Long Xiao, isolating everyone else from the outside!
When Long Xiao saw this, his face instantly became unsightly.
“Master Zhu, make your move ……”
Long Xiao, not caring about any face, shouted at Zhu Zhishan.
And when Zhu Zhishan saw this scene, he also guessed that Chen Ping wanted to attack them all, so he immediately ordered, “Xu Song, you guys go and help ……”
Xu Song nodded, then led the other three to leap up in a single bound, then ruthlessly smashed into the shield formed by the light!
This was a spatial formation, and Xu Song was planning to forcefully break this formation!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that he was running out of time, so the Zeng Long Sword in his hand flashed with light once again, followed by a stab at Long Xiao.
Seeing this, Long Xiao’s body kept retreating backwards, except that because of the spatial formation, Long Xiao couldn’t escape this small world at all!
“Rubbish ……”
In his mind, an old voice rang out, followed by a black mist detaching from Long Xiao’s body, followed by a fierce fist that ruthlessly smashed on top of Chen Ping’s Dragon Chopping Sword.
A huge force struck Chen Ping’s heart straight along the Chopping Dragon Sword, and it was as if Chen Ping’s heart was struck hard by a heavy hammer, and blood instantly flowed out along the corners of his mouth.
However, after this blow, the black mist was obviously weakened. After all, it was a spirit body, and after using such a large amount of energy, its breath would instantly weaken a lot.
After blocking Chen Ping’s blow, that black shadow reverted back to Long Xiao’s body, and Long Xiao was instantly boosted up with confidence.
Wow …………
At that moment, Chen Ping’s spatial formation shattered, and Xu Song led the others to stand beside Long Xiao!
This time, Long Xiao was even more confident and looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile, “Chen Ping, say whatever last words you have, you won’t have a chance later ……”
“With just a few of you, you are also worthy of killing me ……”
Chen Ping let out a hiss as a huge golden dragon slowly rose up behind him!