Hu Imperial City!
The Fox Imperial Daughter, Bai Shao, was currently sitting on her palace throne, her expression incomparably grave!
Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun stood beside Bai Shao, each of their faces not looking good!
“Empress Fox, the spirit boat is ready, we’d better leave quickly, when the city breaks down, we won’t be able to leave.”
“Don’t worry about it, as long as Mr Chen comes back, I’m sure he’ll help you retake Hu Huang City!”
Ji Yun persuaded Bai Shao!
“Bai Shallow, don’t be stubborn, if you wait for master to come back and find out that you died in battle, he will definitely be sad.”
“Haven’t you noticed that master likes you a lot, when he’s with the two of us, he always sleeps with you for a long time!”
Fire Phoenix also persuaded Bai Shallow!
But Bai Shallow had tears in her eyes, biting her lips in death, her face full of dares!
This was the kingdom she had fought so hard for, and now it was going to be taken away by someone else!
Just as Bai Shao hesitated, Granny Zhen rushed in covered in wounds!
“Empress, the Feng Clan’s men will be rushing in soon, we’d better leave quickly!”
“If you leave a green hill behind, you’re not afraid of having no firewood to burn, you’ll come with me to hide first, we’ll be back one day!”
Granny Zhen persuaded Bai Shao!
Bai Shao looked at Granny Zhen, who was covered in wounds, and finally nodded!
She didn’t want to see this Granny Zhen, who had taken care of her all her life, die here as well!
After Xue Kun’s death, the Feng Family knew that their hopes of following Hu Huangcheng to co-operate were dashed, so they gathered a lot of people and attacked Hu Huangcheng!
Behind the Feng Family was the Demon Sealing Alliance, plus there were rumours that Chen Ping was in Hu Huangcheng, so a lot of people were fighting against Hu Huangcheng!
Now, Hu Huangcheng is about to break down, at that time, Bai Shao can’t leave even if she wants to!
Bai Shao followed Fire Phoenix and the others to board the airship, and then quickly flew away from Hu Huang City.
Because she hadn’t expected that there would be a dirigible within the Hu Imperial City, no one had stopped the dirigible for a while!
Bai Shao looked at the wreckage of the Hu Imperial City, and the corpses of those sons and daughters, her heart was like a knife twisting!
“Where are we going now?”
Ji Yun asked!
After all, Ji Yun wasn’t very familiar with the Central Region, he had only been to the Ji Family in the Central Region.
“To the Western Region, I was from the Western Region before I arrived at Hu Huang City, for the time being, let’s go to my home to hide for a while!”
Granny Zhen said!
“Granny Zhen, you’re from the Western Region, I’ve never heard you talk about it before!”
Bai Shao said with some surprise!
“I’ve been away from home for decades, I just don’t want to mention it!”Granny Zhen gave a bitter smile!
Obviously, there was a reason why Granny Zhen had left, which was why she hadn’t mentioned it for such a long time!
If she hadn’t encountered this situation this time, Granny Zhen probably wouldn’t have said anything!
At that time, it was because Granny Zhen possessed superb medical skills that she was left behind in Hu Huang City!
Throughout the human cultivators, pharmacists were very rare, and the beast race was even more so, so Granny Zhen was only taken in by the Hu Imperial City because of this!
“How are we going to inform the master? He is still in the Purple Flame Sect, if he goes to the Hu Huang City to look for us, won’t he be throwing himself into the net?”
Fire Phoenix asked!
“I can’t contact Mr Chen with the Voice Transmission Jade Slip, I guess he’s practising at the moment, so I’ll use the Voice Transmission Jade Slip to contact him when I get the chance!”
Ji Yun said!
The zeppelin flew towards the western region, luckily the Feng family’s people did not pursue!
At this moment, Chen Ping was sitting on the Divine Volcano, his eyes slightly closed, his mouth exhaling turbid Qi, his hands holding the Divine Fire Seal, embracing it in front of his chest!
Buzz!
A flame aura continuously filled the air, and immediately in the midst of this flame a majestic and vast, pure and incomparable aura was flowing!
The Six Paths of Supreme Flame were continuously revolving around Chen Ping!
Boom!
Suddenly, the heavens and earth changed colour, and the wind and clouds rolled back!
This sudden change caused many people from the Violet Flame Sect to look in the direction of the Divine Volcano!
“Father, it’s been three days, will Chen Ping be alright?”
Zhu Ling asked with concern as she watched that divine volcano suddenly change!