Boom!
The remnant soul of the Ice Spirit Beast was originally a coalescence of those silken blood and did not have a true body, so under the attack of the Supreme Fire, the Ice Spirit Beast instantly began to twist!
The fire caused the consciousness of the Ice Beast’s remnant soul to fade away, but the Ice Beast’s remnant soul was still making its last stand!
The cold Qi within its body continued to diffuse in a desperate attempt to extinguish the fire, but the fire could not be extinguished so easily!
Looking at the struggling Ice Beast’s remnant soul, Chen Ping instantly pulled out his Dragon Slashing Sword and his body floated down!
And the fire was still burning fiercely inside the ice spirit’s body!
“Chen Ping, will that Ice Spirit be the remnant soul die from being burned to death?”
Liu Ruyan asked to Chen Ping!
“No problem!” Chen Ping still believed in this Supreme Fire!
The crowd quietly watched the struggle of the Ice Spirit Beast Remnant, expecting the Ice Spirit Beast Remnant to be burned to death quickly!
At this time, the Ice Spirit kept exploding out cold Qi, but no matter how much the Ice Spirit exploded out the cold Qi in its body, it could not make the Supreme Flame extinguish, but on the contrary, it made the Supreme Flame burn even more fiercely.
The icy cold air around him slowly became hot, and the body of the Ice Spirit gradually became illusory, and eventually the body of the Ice Spirit slowly disappeared and finally turned into a drop of bright red blood.
This drop of blood fell onto the strange pattern in the middle of the five ice coffins, the pattern emitted a dazzling red light, then absorbed the drop of blood, and finally the light disappeared and peace was restored!
But the pattern became even brighter red, which caused Chen Ping to frown slightly!
“Could it be that this pattern, by relying on the blood of the Ice Spirit Giant Beast, was dyed red little by little?”
Chen Ping was very curious!
But just as Chen Ping was about to take a closer look at the pattern, two demonic cultivators suddenly floated down from the top of that palace!
These two people had never entered into cultivation, but were secretly watching Chen Ping’s every move!
“Two fellow Daoists, is there something wrong? I just want to take a look at the pattern, why are you stopping me?”
Chen Ping asked to the two men.
“Let me ask you, as a human cultivator, how do you know the Demon Race to Fire? Could it be that you are also a devil race?”
One of them stared at Chen Ping and asked!
“Are you two not clear about whether I am a devil race or not?”
Chen Ping smiled playfully!
The two seemed to understand something from Chen Ping’s smile, so they both laughed as well, and then that devilish aura of their bodies began to explode out!
The two of them were not hiding, since Chen Ping had already figured out their identities, there was no need to hide them any longer!
“Demon cultivators, these two guys are really demon cultivators ……”
Sensing the aura of the two, Ji Yun and also Tile Tank, they both rose up in surprise.
“This place, did you guys set it up?”
Chen Ping asked when he saw that the two had revealed their identities!
This wasn’t the Ancient Body Refining Clan treasure place, and this palace as well as the ice coffin were obviously man-made, so someone should have been able to set it up!
“You think too highly of the two of us, this was laid down by our Demon Ancestor, we are just responsible for bringing people in!”
One of them said indifferently!
“Inferno Demon?” Chen Ping asked!
“Not bad, but you know the Supreme Flame of our Inferno Demon clan and should follow our Inferno Demon clan with a thousand ties, so we two brothers decided to bring you out.”
The man nodded and said!
“Take me out? What about the others?”
Chen Ping said with a frown!
“The others? The others will become tributes, of course, and never leave here ……”
The man smiled coldly!
When Ji Yun and the others heard this, they were on fire and swarmed around the two men!
“We’re tributes? What the hell is going on here?”
“If you don’t tell us clearly, you won’t be able to leave here either ……”
Ji Yun said full of anger!
“Hahahaha, we dare to reveal our identities, so of course we are not afraid of your hands.”
The man laughed loudly, without the slightest fear!