“Little brother, you …………”
“I don’t want it , ten billion you can sell it to him ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and beckoned towards Zou Zhaolong, signaling for Zou Zhaolong to return his bank card.
Zou Zhaolong threw the bank card to Chen Ping with a puzzled look, but Chen Ping jumped out and directly increased the price by another four billion, which is considered to make himself a big profit, so Zou Zhaolong no longer cares what Chen Ping is trying to do!
When Qin Xiaotian saw that Chen Ping had unexpectedly stopped shouting his price, he sneered, “To fight with my Qin family, you are still a bit young ……”
“Boss Qin, the Eight Trigrams Plate is yours, you can transfer the money now!”
Zou Zhaolong said.
Qin Xiaotian was stunned, and then said with some embarra*sment, “Boss Zou, I will pay you five billion first, wait a moment, I will immediately go and raise the money, and transfer all the money to you before dark at the latest!”
Zou Zhaolong thought about it and finally nodded, “Boss Qin, that’s you, I wouldn’t agree with anyone else, you transfer the money first!”
Qin Xiaotian transferred five billion to Zou Zhaolong, Zou Zhaolong directly gave the eight trigrams plate to Qin Xiaotian: “Boss Qin, I’ll follow Master Yuan to the bathroom first, and then have Master Yuan set up a feng shui formation for you when I come back, but you have to hurry up and raise the money too!”
“Sure, sure …………” Qin Xiaotian excitedly took the eight trigrams plate!
Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong went out, leaving only these bigwigs from Kyoto inside the room.
Qin Xiaotian was holding the eight trigrams tray with a look of love, and his face was thick with complacency!
“Boss Qin, congratulations!”
“With this magic weapon, the Qin family has taken its strength to a new level!”
“Although the price is a bit expensive, it is indeed a good thing ……”
The people all congratulated Qin Xiaotian, which made him so proud that he didn’t even know what his last name was!
“What’s there to be proud of when you buy a bunch of rags ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping coldly snorted!
“Chen Ping, I think you just can’t eat grapes and say they’re sour, didn’t you also bid on it just now? Now you’re saying it’s a piece of junk? Even if it is rags, my Qin family has it, do you?”
Qin Xiaotian sneered!
“I think it’s just jealousy, this Eight Trigrams Plate must be a treasure!”
“He’s a hairy kid, what does he know, don’t listen to him!”
“I think this kid is just here to cause trouble!”
The crowd also mocked at Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, what do we do?” Bai Xiushan had a grave look on his face, now that the Eight Trigrams Plate had been bought by the Qin Family, if it was true that Master Yuan had said that it would make the Qin Family’s qi prosperous, then sooner or later the Bai Family would be destroyed by the Qin Family!
Chen Ping smiled faintly at Bai Xiushan and said nothing, just a casual wave of his hand, and suddenly the voices of Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong rang out inside the room, as if there was a loudspeaker playing, and everyone froze for a moment, listening in silence!
“Hahahaha, today is really painful, these guys are just stupid and rich, to think that a piece of rotten wood is sold for ten billion!”
Zou Zhaolong said with a big smile!
“This time is indeed unexpected, this bunch of master eye palmers, also worthy of being called masters, a bunch of blind things, on the contrary, that Chen Ping, can actually see that this eight trigrams plate is not a magic weapon, fortunately I was resourceful and did not let him identify …… it,” Yuan Baozhong said!
“This time thanks to Master Yuan, when I go back I will personally send the money to Master Yuan’s residence, but in a moment to set up the feng shui formation, I need Master Yuan to take more trouble!” Zou Zhaolong said.
“The feng shui formation, this formation can not be completed in a moment, I will do a little magic to deceive these guys, they can not see it anyway, by the time they notice, we have long gone ……”
“Hahahahaha …………”
The two men laughed out loud at the same time.