On the other side, the battle between Rhino City’s eight Protectors and Flying Tiger City’s thirty-six black-armoured cultivators had reached a fever pitch.
Though the eight Protectors were formidable, they were gradually overwhelmed by the sheer number and strength of their opponents.
The “Blood Blade Protector” brandished his crimson long saber, cutting through the enemy ranks with blood spraying in his wake. But soon, five black-armoured cultivators surrounded him, simultaneously unleashing “Black Sword Unity.” Five streaks of black sword light shot towards him like lightning.
Caught off guard, the Blood Blade Protector couldn’t defend in time. The sword light pierced his body, blood gushing forth. With an unwilling roar, he plummeted from the sky.
“Senior Brother!” The other Protectors cried out in grief and fury, fighting even more desperately.
But Flying Tiger City’s cultivators seized the moment, launching fiercer assaults. One Protector, caught in a magical bombardment, was struck by a black bolt of lightning. His body charred instantly, his consciousness fading.
With his last shred of strength, he triggered “Self-Destruct.” His body exploded, the blinding light and energy wave engulfing nearby enemies. But he, too, vanished forever from the battlefield.
“Kill!” Flying Tiger City’s cultivators, their morale soaring, pressed their attack.
Rhino City’s defensive line began to crumble, with more and more cultivators falling.
Seeing this, a ruthless glint flashed in Xie Zhong’s eyes. His hands swiftly formed seals, his lips muttering incantations. Moments later, dark clouds gathered, and a massive black pillar of light descended from the sky, bearing down on Niu Mang.
Niu Mang, sensing the terrifying power within the pillar, paled. Gritting his teeth, he burned his essence blood, making the divine ox phantom behind him blaze brighter as it charged the black pillar.
The collision unleashed a blinding light. Within it, Niu Mang’s figure wavered, blood streaming from his mouth.
Below, Rhino City’s cultivators, under Flying Tiger City’s relentless assault, were in disarray. The shadow of death loomed over them all, and Rhino City seemed on the brink of ruin…
“Father…” At that moment, Mad Immortal and Bai Yi, with Niu Ben, burst out from Flying Tiger City’s flank.
Had it not been for the border’s chaos, escaping Flying Tiger City so easily would have been impossible.
“Ben’er…” Seeing his son, Niu Mang’s face lit up with joy.
But in that moment of distraction, Xie Zhong notched an arrow and shot it at Niu Mang. Unable to dodge, Niu Mang was struck and crashed heavily to the ground.
“Father…” Niu Ben rushed to him in worry.
Seeing his son unharmed, Niu Mang smiled with relief.
Mad Immortal and Bai Yi’s faces were grim. Rhino City was clearly at a disadvantage, with Flying Tiger City’s cultivators looming menacingly in the sky and a dense mass of soldiers on the ground.
Even if they joined the fight, their efforts would be a drop in the bucket, utterly futile.
“I hope you two can get Niu Ben back to the city. I’ll hold them here!” Though injured, Niu Mang wasn’t fatally wounded and spoke to Mad Immortal and Bai Yi.
“City Lord Niu, can you manage?” Bai Yi asked with concern.
“Why don’t we hold them off for a bit? Once Big Brother arrives, it’ll be easier. We’ll crush these Flying Tiger City bastards,” Mad Immortal said to Niu Mang.
Chen Ping’s strength now far surpassed theirs. If they could take down Xie Zhong and the thirty-six black-armoured cultivators, Flying Tiger City would be leaderless and collapse in defeat.
“You didn’t come with Big Brother?” Niu Mang asked.
“Some were chasing us. My son-in-law and Master Hu are holding them off, or we wouldn’t have escaped so easily,” Bai Yi explained.