“Shouldn’t this place of sword mounds be in a state of disrepair, with corpses piled up?”
Chen Ping was astonished, but since he had already entered, Chen Ping slowly walked into that forest!
But after just a few minutes of walking, Chen Ping saw that the towering trees had withered and the ground was filled with corpses, the scene here was obviously different from the lush greenery he had just seen, as if there was a boundary that divided the place into two different scenes!
Chen Ping continued to take a step forward, and when he did so, he felt a burst of sword energy coming at him, while Chen Ping hurriedly activated his Invincible Golden Body to resist the burst of sword energy!
Chen Ping continued to walk forward, but after taking two steps, the ground suddenly shook and a dozen shining swords emerged from the ground!
The swords were all stuck in the soil, forming a wall in front of Chen Ping!
“Could this be a sword formation?”
Chen Ping looked in front of him, at the dozen or so swords stuck inside the mud, and felt a little incredulous!
But Chen Ping did not want to dwell on it, so he tried to go around from one side, but no matter how Chen Ping went, the sword formation in front of him was still in front of Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only reach out with his right hand and offer up the Dragon Cutting Sword, and the moment the Dragon Cutting Sword was offered up, the dozen swords in the sword formation actually began to tremble violently!
If Chen Ping hadn’t been holding it so hard, it would probably have come out of his hand.
At this moment, Chen Ping could clearly feel the bloodthirsty aura of the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and it looked like this Dragon Cutting Sword was also a good and ruthless spiritual sword!
Just as Chen Ping was about to break the sword formation, someone suddenly appeared behind him, and Chen Ping was startled as he swung the Dragon Cutting Sword backwards!
A sharp sword qi shot out directly!
“Holy sh*t ……”
Only a foul mouth was heard, followed by Hu Ma Zi’s entire body dog-eared on the ground, which dodged the sharp sword qi!
“Master Hu ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly went forward and helped Pocky Hu up, “What brings you here?”
“I was afraid that you were in danger yourself, so I came after you.” Hu Ma Zi glared at Chen Ping, “But I didn’t want to, you guy came up and gave me a sword ……”
Chen Ping smiled, “Master Hu, I didn’t mean to, but you chased me in, I’m afraid there are some treasures in here that I’m taking for myself, right?”
“Nonsense, I am not the kind of person you are talking about ……”
But when Pocky Hu said this again, his eyes kept looking away, obviously his heart was weak!
Chen Ping looked at Hu Puzi’s appearance, really some crying and laughing, so he said, “When I break this sword formation, we will go in together to take a look ……”
“Chen Ping, you have to be careful, this f*cking sword formation is particularly powerful ……”
Hu Pazi looked at the dozen of long swords thrust into the mud in front of him and said with a palpitating heart.
“En!”
Chen Ping nodded, then leapt up with the Zenglong Sword in his hand!
The Chopping Dragon Sword emitted a humming sound as the longitudinal sword Qi began to rage out!
At the same time, a dozen swords broke through the ground, forming a barrier instantly.
But just as Chen Ping was about to strike out with his sword, the Dragon Cutting Sword came out of his hand!
The sword flew straight towards the sword formation, and a sound of metal clashing was heard immediately afterwards!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only retreat, watching his own Dragon Cutting Sword, followed by those dozens of precious swords, battle together.
Hu Ma Zi’s eyes were wide open and he looked dumbfounded!
“sh*t, a sword from you kid, are they all so awesome?”
Pocky Hu was filled with disbelief!
Only to see the Chopper Sword keep striking, and soon a dozen of precious swords, some were lazily severed, and some were directly knocked down to the ground!
A faint green sharpness would instantly emerge from each of the swords and then be absorbed by the Dragon Chopper Sword!