Chen Ping then jumped down the underground river without hesitation, followed by revealing a head and said, “This underground river must lead to the outside, I don’t even need to go out through the entrance of the ancient tomb, so it’s not that easy for them to intercept and kill me ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s body directly sank into the bottom of the river and disappeared!
Seeing that Chen Ping was out of sight, Ning Zhi’s eyes stared, greed flashed in his eyes, he didn’t expect this guy, Chen Ping, to have thought of a way out long ago.
“Let’s go ……” Ning Zhi could only take the hunchbacked old man and leave.
Dong Jiahao and the others also returned the same way.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, followed the underground river and kept swimming for a long time before revealing his head.
At this moment, Chen Ping was already in a pool of water at the foot of the mountain. After coming ashore, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body disappeared and his clothes were still dry.
“I didn’t expect to come out this far in one breath?”
Chen Ping looked at the skyscrapers in the distance, he found that this place was a hundred miles away from Kyoto.
Without the slightest delay, Chen Ping headed towards Kyoto.
Although this trial was very short, Chen Ping had gained a lot, a storage ring and a 90,000-mile mountain and river map, both of which were priceless treasures.
With Chen Ping’s current strength, he would need a lot of spiritual energy to cultivate, and this 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map now had a rich spiritual energy for Chen Ping to cultivate.
On the other side of the entrance to the ancient tomb, Guo Wei was waiting for Chen Ping to come out with a group of people from the clan and the family.
Long Xiao had been sent back to the Long family because of his serious injuries, while Guo Wei vowed to wait for Chen Ping.
However, after waiting for a long time, Chen Ping did not come out, but Dong Jiahao, Ning Zhi and Zhao Beng came out.
Seeing that these people had come out, but there was no sign of Chen Ping, Guo Wei directly stopped Dong Jiahao and asked, “Where is Chen Ping?”
“I don’t know where Chen Ping is, if you want to know, go in and find him yourself!”
Dong Jiahao gave Guo Wei a blank look, his face full of disdain.
Guo Wei was furious, but he did not make a move against Dong Jiahao, instead he held back.
“Sir Ning, do you know why that Chen Ping didn’t come out with you guys?”
Guo Wei looked at Ning Zhi and asked politely.
“I don’t know!” Ning Zhi finished speaking and left with the hunchbacked old man.
It wasn’t that Ning Zhi was helping Chen Ping, but he didn’t want Guo Wei and these people to find Chen Ping, because there were several treasures on Chen Ping that Ning Zhi still wanted to get his hands on.
Especially the storage ring, which Ning Zhi had liked at first sight.
Guo Wei saw that neither Dong Jiahao nor Ning Zhi were talking, so he put his eyes on Zhao Barging.
When Zhao Barging saw Guo Wei looking at himself, he hurriedly waved his hand and said, “I don’t know anything, don’t ask me.”
Guo Wei’s eyes gaped and he directly reached out and grabbed Zhao Barging’s collar, “How could you not know.”
“What do you want? If you hit me, I’ll have it reported that the director of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union beat a child ……”
Zhao Barging threatened at Guo Wei.
Guo Wei almost didn’t laugh when he heard Zhao Barging’s words, this guy Zhao Barging was over twenty years old and he still called himself a child.
However, looking at those people from the clans and families around him, Guo Wei could only let go of his hand and yelled at Zhao Barging, “Hurry up and get out of here ……”
Zhao Barging hurriedly took his men and left, while Guo Wei continued to guard the entrance to the ancient tomb.
After Chen Ping rushed back to Kyoto, he went straight to the Protector’s Pavilion, now for Chen Ping, in this part of Kyoto, only the Protector’s Pavilion was considered a safe place.
When Zhao Wuji saw that Chen Ping had returned so quickly, he was still a little surprised, after all, every trial would take at least seven or eight days, but Chen Ping had only pa*sed one day and had returned.