And that Hu Zhuang was full of frustration at this time, originally he had agreed to accompany Zhang Bei to collect medicine in order to avenge his folks!
But now that things had turned out like this, then his plan to take revenge had fallen through!
Chen Ping saw what was on Hu Zhuang’s mind, so he went up and patted Hu Zhuang’s shoulder and said, “Don’t worry, as long as I live, I will definitely destroy that big green village, and I will take you with me when the time comes ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get to know Chen Ping, but he believes in his words, after all, Chen Ping’s strength is obvious to all.
Yun’er and Zhuzi reluctantly followed Chen Ping to say goodbye, while Chen Ping gave them a thousand words of advice!
After all, in this mountain range, all sorts of dangers could happen at any time, not to mention that Chen Ping didn’t know what kind of background this Lang Feng had, and whether he would make a move on Ah Li and the others!
“Don’t worry, your friends will never be alright!” Princess Isha followed Chen Ping and assured him, then said to Lang Feng, “Lang Feng, if anything happens to these people, then you should never come back!”
“Don’t worry, Princess, I will make sure they are safe!” Lang Feng promised!
Soon, Ali and the others left under Lang Feng’s escort, leaving only Chen Ping and Princess Isha in the vast mountain forest!
“Let’s go too ……”
Princess Isha said to Chen Ping.
“Where are we going? Don’t you want to talk to me?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise.
“Yes, I do want to talk to you, but not here, and as for where to go, you will know when you arrive!”
Isha said and walked straight ahead, Chen Ping saw this and could only follow behind!
After walking for several hours, Chen Ping felt that the aura around him had begun to change!
And in the middle of the mountain forest, a thick fog slowly rose up at some point, directly blocking Chen Ping’s vision!
Princess Isha, who was walking ahead, took the initiative to emit her scent and then said to Chen Ping, “You can sense my scent behind you, don’t get lost ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re getting into.
The fog slowly began to dissipate and Chen Ping could see the surrounding scenery.
But when the fog completely cleared, Chen Ping was dumbfounded!
In front of Chen Ping, a huge and magnificent city appeared in front of him!
The afterglow of the setting sun shone on the city, adding a little more mystery to it!
“What is this …… place?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise to Princess Isha!
“This is my home ……”
Princess Isha said with a faint smile.
“Your home?” Chen Ping was frozen, he never thought that Princess Isha’s home would be a city, and it was deep in this mountain range!
But on second thought, this Princess Isha was also a demonic beast illusion, so there was nothing wrong with her home being deep in the mountain range!
Chen Ping followed Princess Isha towards the city, and only when he got close did he realise that there were guards guarding the city gates, and after seeing Princess Isha, all the guards instantly lowered their heads and knelt to the ground!
Princess Isha didn’t even look at the guards and walked straight into the city, while Chen Ping followed Princess Isha and enjoyed this high standard of courtesy!
“This city is all yours, is your father the emperor?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Princess Isha.
Princess Isha nodded “Not bad, my father is the Ikh Demon Emperor ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, he took in a breath of cold air, this Princess Isha’s father was really a demon emperor!
Although Chen Ping did not know what realm the Demon Emperor of the Celestial Human Realm was, but it was definitely not something that the current him could reach!