“Impossible, absolutely impossible, I almost didn’t get eaten by this spider beast just now, could it be that I can’t even deal with a demonic beast that is only at the early stage of Great Martial Marquis strength?”
Chen Ping didn’t believe it, he was now a Third Grade Grand Martial Marquis, how could he not even be able to deal with a demonic beast at the early stage of Grand Martial Marquis!
Ge Yuhan smiled, “Every demonic beast, has their weaknesses and strengths, this spider beast’s defense is particularly strong, and you are inclined to fight against it.”
“If you had attacked its tail the moment it spat silk, you would have killed it long ago ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, he was speechless, as he really had not understood the characteristics of these demonic beasts, it looked like he would have to learn more in the future before he could do so.
Looking at the cave that had collapsed, remembering those people inside who had been made into living figurines, Chen Ping’s heart was filled with anger and killing intent!
“These sons of b*tches, I will make them pay.”
“Essence Fruit God Cult, I remember you ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as a cold aura rose in his eyes.
“Let’s go ……”
Hu Ma Zi shouted out to Chen Ping. Premiere at https://m.lqzw.org
Chen Ping nodded, and the three of them prepared to leave!
But just as Chen Ping and the others were about to leave, on the road outside the jungle, a car was approaching at a rapid pace!
In the car sat Kazuo Kawaguchi and a middle-aged man with an eight-legged beard.
“Sakata-kun, I’ll have to thank you in a moment.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said respectfully to the middle-aged man.
This middle-aged man was the soul-searching master, Sakata Masamura, whom Kawaguchi Kazuo had invited from the island, and although this Sakata Masamura was not very strong, his soul-searching skills had reached the point of perfection!
“Lord Kawaguchi is serious, I would also like to see what a soul from thousands of years ago is like.”
Sakata Masamura said with a faint smile.
Soon the car stopped and the two men began to walk into the jungle!
Just as they entered the jungle, Kazuo Kawaguchi’s face instantly changed.
“Oh no, someone has come ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo frowned, followed by a quick run forward.
Sakata Masamura was following closely behind!
And Chen Ping and the three of them were thinking of leaving when they suddenly felt an extremely dangerous aura coming this way!
Chen Ping caught Kawaguchi Kazuo’s scent in an instant.
He was very familiar with this aura!
“That Kawaguchi Kazuo is coming, we need to leave quickly ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly changed direction, not towards the outside of the dense forest, but towards the depths of the dense forest!
After Kawaguchi Kazuo ran to the base with Sakata Masamura, his whole body was dumbfounded, only to see many corpses on the ground, and the mountain collapsed, the whole base was destroyed!
“Baka ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo roared in anger, then his eyes closed slightly as he felt the scent around him!
Soon both eyes opened, “Just ahead, chase ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes were filled with anger as he began to chase towards Chen Ping and the others.
Chen Ping and the others ran, and Kawaguchi Kazuo chased after them!
I don’t know how far they ran, but that Kawaguchi Kazuo was dead set on not letting go!
“Master Hu, you take Yu Han and run in the other direction, I’ll lure that Kawaguchi Kazuo away ……”
Chen Ping said to Pocky Hu.
“Chen Ping, can you do it by yourself? It looks like that Kawaguchi Kazuo’s strength is not weak.”
Hu Ma Zi asked to Chen Ping.
“Yes, that Kawaguchi Kazuo is very strong, he is estimated to be at the late stage of Great Martial Marquis, I am not even a match for him.”
Ge Yuhan also spoke up and said.
“It’s alright, I’m a fast runner, as long as he can’t catch me, I’ll be fine, otherwise we’ll be caught up by him sooner or later like this.”
Chen Ping knew that if the three of them kept running like this, sooner or later they would be caught up, and I guess no one would be able to escape by then!
Now, as long as Hu Ma Zi and Ge Yu Han were safe, Chen Ping would be able to use his speed to his advantage to escape.
“Alright then, be more careful yourself, we’ll meet up at the city ahead.”
After Hu Pocky finished speaking, he took Ge Yuhan with him and was about to leave.