“Zhu Zhishan, you take care of yourself, if you can’t handle this matter, we don’t mind re-upping a martial arts alliance alliance leader ……”
All of those high ranking people coldly warned at Zhu Zhishan.
After saying that, these people have long left the Martial Dao Alliance with a flash of their bodies!
Looking at the empty hall, Zhu Zhishan clenched his teeth and clenched his fists!
“Chen Ping, it seems that you have to die ……”
A cold aura flashed in Zhu Zhishan’s eyes.
…………
Protector’s Pavilion!
Mr. Shi had recently started living in the Dharma Protector Pavilion, and this kind of performance from Mr. Shi let Zhao Wuji know that the martial arts world in Kyoto was about to be uneventful.
“Mr. Shi, recently various departments in the north of the desert have reported that in several places in the north of the desert, people in black have been found sucking the essence out of people everywhere!”
“Some martial sect masters have not been spared either, and now the entire Desert North martial dao community is on edge ……”
Xing Jun, who was the captain of the law enforcement team, reported to Mr. Shi with a gloomy face.
Zhao Wuji listened on the sidelines and couldn’t help but be staggered, even a strong person like Chief Wu in could be sucked out of his essence, then this man in black was too powerful.
“Did you find out who did it?”
Mr Shi asked to Xing Jun.
Xing Jun shook his head, “No, this person’s technique is nothing like those evil cultivators of the past!”
“It has been many years since something like this has happened in the martial arts world, I never thought that there would still be evil cultivators who dare to be so reckless now ……”
Xing Jun was furious, the appearance of such a bad incident was a dereliction of duty on the part of their law enforcement team.
Mr. Shi did not say anything, but fell into silence.
After a long while, he then slowly spoke, “Inform the martial arts alliances in all places to strengthen their precautions, in the future, there will be more and more incidents like this, what is coming is coming after all ……”
Zhao Wuji and Xing Jun looked at Mr. Shi, the two were a little surprised because this was not like Mr. Shi’s style at all!
In the past, if there was such a bad incident, Mr. Shi would definitely be very angry and take action personally.
But this time, Mr Shi didn’t seem to have any intention of taking action!
But the two of them didn’t dare to ask, they could only do as they were told.
…………
Quwu Mountain, thousands of kilometres from Kyoto!
There was a Quwu Temple on the mountain, and Long Xiao’s master, Venerable Ding Huan, was the host here, and at this moment, Long Xiao was also in this temple!
Long Xiao had not been down from the mountain once since he was brought there by Venerable Ding Huan two months ago after Chen Ping had shattered his whole body and bones.
At this moment, Long Xiao was still lying in bed, covered in gauze, it had been two months and his body had not changed in the slightest!
Venerable Ding Xuan had also tried all sorts of methods, but none of them seemed to be effective.
Let alone allowing Long Xiao to reach the Martial Marquis realm, even getting Long Xiao to stand up was now difficult.
“Master, when exactly will I be able to stand up, when will I be able to stand up?”
Long Xiao shouted, lying down for these two months had long since caused him to break down a little.
“Long Xiao, don’t be anxious, Master is thinking of a solution!”
Venerable Ding Huan could only turn to Long Xiao and comfort him.
“Master, don’t lie to me, am I never going to be able to stand up? Will I never be able to seek revenge on that Chen Ping?”
Long Xiao asked reluctantly to Venerable Ding Huan.
Venerable Ding Huan sighed, he didn’t say anything, but the expression on his face said it all.
He had exhausted all his methods but failed to cure Long Xiao, and he was now in a dilemma as to how to follow Long Jingguo and give an account.
Seeing Venerable Ding Huan’s appearance, Long Xiao suddenly shouted hysterically, “Why? Why? God is unfair to me ……”
“I will kill that Chen Ping, I will make him taste what it is like to lie in bed too, I will kill him ……”
Long Xiao was so agitated that all the bandages on his body were broken, and Venerable Ding Hui hurriedly held Long Xiao down.