“Good!” Chen Ping agreed straight away.
Chen Ping followed Zhao Wuji for a while longer, and because of the tiring journey, Zhao Wuji let Chen Ping go to rest while he walked towards the martial arts arena.
“Your Highness, that Xuanyuan Rong is making a scene at the martial arts arena and has brought many people to stop training ……”
Zhao Wuji had just walked out of the room when Xu Shimao hurriedly came over.
“What’s going on? What does this Xuan Yuan Rong want? Didn’t they already make him an instructor?”
Zhao Wouji said with a frown.
“I’m not sure, just go and take a look ……”
Xu Shimao urged.
Zhao Wouji sighed and could only walk quickly towards the martial arts arena, this Xuan Yuan Rong was stuffed into the Protector Pavilion through the Xuan Yuan family’s connections to gild the lily, although this guy was a martial arts clan, he was arrogant and had no one in sight, not many people in the Protector Pavilion liked him!
This Xuan Yuan Rong, on the basis of his connections, did not even put Zhao Wou Ji in his eyes, plus this guy was even more powerful than Zhao Wou Ji, so he was even more arrogant and domineering in the Dharma Protection Court.
In the end, Zhao Wuji gave this Xuan Yuan Rong the title of instructor and let him lead the training, so this guy was only honest for a few days, but now he was even making trouble again.
After walking quickly to the martial arts arena, Xuan Yuan Rong was sitting on a table with a bottle of wine and half a roast chicken in his hand, eating meat and drinking heavily.
There were rules in the Dharma Protection Court that one should never drink in the team, but now this Xuan Yuan Rong was actually drinking in front of everyone in the martial arts arena, this was simply too much to put Zhao Wuji in his eyes.
“Xuan Yuan Rong, what are you doing? How dare you drink in the martial arts arena?”
Zhao Wuji angrily stepped forward and reprimanded.
Xuan Yuan Rong looked at Zhao Wuji and coldly snorted, “Zhao Wuji, let me ask you, did you find another instructor for the Protector Pavilion?”
“Yes!” Zhao Wuji did not hide it and nodded straight away.
“I heard that it was still a young brat in his early twenties, nippy, you put a young brat in the same position as me, is this a slap in my face?”
Xuan Yuan Rong jumped down from the table before glaring angrily at Zhao Wuji.
“I don’t look at age, I only look at strength ……”
Zhao Wuji looked straight at Xuan Yuan Rong, and this time he didn’t back down and compromise.
“Look at strength? What kind of strength can that little hairy kid have? I am a Martial Sect, who in the entire Dharma Protection Pavilion can compare to me, you, the Pavilion Master, can’t even do that, and still talk to me about strength? Let me tell you, I came to the Protector Pavilion for the international competition in a few days, our Xuan Yuan family has to show its face up there and increase its popularity, now in the whole Protector Pavilion, besides me going to the competition, can you find anyone else?”
Xuan Yuan Rong’s eyes were full of disdain, in the whole Guardian Pavilion, there was indeed no one who could be stronger than him.
Zhao Wuji looked at Xuan Yuan Rong, he didn’t expect that the Xuan Yuan family had gotten Xuan Yuan Rong inside the Dharma Protector Pavilion through their connections, just to participate in the international competition, to show off their faces and increase their popularity for the Xuan Yuan family!
This kind of international competition, what is needed is the big picture, what is needed is to fight for the glory of the country, and this Xuan Yuan Rong is actually for their Xuan Yuan family to show their face.
“The matter of the international competition, there is already a candidate, and the matter of being an instructor, you are now removed from your position, the instructor let Mr. Chen be the ……”
Zhao Wuji said coldly to Xuan Yuan Rong.
When Xuan Yuan Rong heard this, he became furious: “Zhao Wuji, are you mistaken, are you taking the training as a child’s play? Letting a brat come to train, you are being irresponsible, these people here, who would be convinced by a little brat?”
“I heard that the instructor this time was personally invited by Pavilion Master Zhao to Hongcheng, a young man in his early twenties, trained from his mother’s womb, how strong can he be?”
“No, I don’t know what the Court Master is thinking, he still wants this kid to fight in the tournament!”