Early the next morning!
Chen Ping went to the Ning family, Gu Ling’er and the girls wanted to follow, but were organised by Chen Ping, because instead of being able to help, they would drag themselves down if they went!
Long Wu also did not support the three girls going and took them back to the Pill God Valley in order to keep Chen Ping from being distracted.
To prevent a clan and family from catching them and then coming to blackmail Chen Ping, then Chen Ping would be pa*sive.
Chen Ping arrived at the Ning family’s home, only to find that the Ning family’s villa had long been filled with people, with others ready to film.
It seemed that these people had come to see the fun, but Chen Ping did not care.
He had posted the news on top of the martial arts forum just to let people know about it.
However, although the sun was already high in the sky, the Ning family’s gates were closed and no one was coming in or out!
Chen Ping walked up to the Ning Family’s gate, then took a deep breath and roared, “Ning Hai, get out of here, your grandfather Chen Ping has come to take your dog’s life ……”
Chen Ping’s roar directly shook the heads of those who were watching, and even some people with low strength even fainted.
At this moment, all the people were shocked and retreated backwards.
But after Chen Ping yelled, there was no sign of any movement from the Ning family!
Seeing this, Chen Ping stepped forward and sent the Ning Family’s gate flying with a palm strike.
It was only at this time that the Ning family’s butler came running out in a hurry with his men.
Seeing Chen Ping’s fierce and fierce appearance, as if he was a heavenly god, all the Ning family members did not dare to make a sound.
Only the Ning family’s butler said, “Our family head is not here, you have come at the wrong time today ……”
The Ning Family’s butler’s body was trembling as he spoke!
“Not in? I think he’s avoiding me, right?”
Chen Ping said grimly.
“It’s true that he’s not here, or else you’d look for him!”
The Ning family steward finished speaking, allowing all the Ning family members to move out of the way.
And Chen Ping swaggered into the Ning Family and started looking for Ning Hai!
But after searching around, he really didn’t find Ning Hai, not even that Ning Zhi.
“Our family head has something to do, he really isn’t at home ……”
The Ning family butler said.
“Since he is not here, then I will wait for him ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and moved a chair to sit at the Ning Family’s entrance position.
He then glanced at the Ning Family crowd and said to the two Martial Sects who had captured Gu Ling’er last night, “You two, go and pour me a pot of water ……”
The two Ning Family Martial Sects glanced at each other and at the crowd of onlookers outside, momentarily unsure whether they should listen to Chen Ping or not.
After all, with so many people watching and filming, it would be a disgrace if they were made to do so by Chen Ping.
If the two of them were to lose face, they would also lose face to the Ning family!
But just as those two hesitated, Chen Ping suddenly struck out with both palms!
Terrifying spiritual energy whistled out like a gale sweeping towards the two Ning Clan Martial Sects in an instant.
The two Ning Family Martial Sect experts did not even have the chance to dodge, and their bodies were directly knocked out.
They then fell heavily to the ground, spitting out fresh blood and dying!
This scene directly shocked the crowd, Chen Ping had killed two Martial Sect experts in one go, this strength was simply too frightening.
“Go, pour me a cup of tea ……”
Chen Ping once again said indifferently.
This time, two Ning Family men immediately ran to pour tea for Chen Ping, not daring to hesitate at all.
Chen Ping sipped his tea and waited for Ning Hai!
At this time, the Martial Dao Forum had already exploded, the matter of Chen Ping coming to the Ning Family had long been broadcast live on the forum.
“You go and inform Ning Dahai, as long as he doesn’t return in an hour, I’ll kill both of the Ning Family until I’ve killed everyone in the Ning Family!”
Chen Ping looked towards the Ning Family’s butler and said in an icy tone.
At this moment, when Chen Ping said such words, no one at the scene would think that he was bragging, because the hand that Chen Ping had just shown had let the crowd know that Chen Ping had the strength to do so.