After all, in the Celestial Human Realm, Chen Ping had enjoyed countless resources to achieve what he had today!
Yet Hu Mazi, in the Mortal Realm, had become so impressive in just one short year?
“I didn’t expect you to have cultivated a pair of fiery golden eyes!”
“If I told you I’m the reincarnation of an immortal, would you believe me?”
Hu Mazi asked with a laugh!
“I would!” Chen Ping nodded!
In the year he spent in the Celestial Human Realm, what hadn’t Chen Ping experienced? The reincarnation of an immortal wasn’t something he’d doubt!
After all, anything could happen!
Back in the Mortal Realm, Chen Ping had never imagined that the dead could come back to life!
But in the Celestial Human Realm, even if someone was reduced to ashes, they could still be revived!
Even if they’d been dead for a thousand years, they could be brought back!
So, in this world, nothing was impossible!
“Haha, looks like you’ve done well in the Celestial Human Realm, even believing in immortal reincarnation. But what I said is actually true!”
“If I hadn’t suddenly awakened my memories, I wouldn’t have even known I was an immortal reincarnated!”
Hu Mazi said with a smile!
“No wonder your personality’s changed. Back in the day, you couldn’t even walk straight when you saw a pretty woman!”
Chen Ping teased!
“I still can’t walk straight now. If it weren’t for wanting to break open the passage between the Mortal Realm and the Celestial Human Realm sooner, why would I bother cultivating so hard?”
“Now that you’re doing well in the Celestial Human Realm, don’t forget to find me a few ladies from there to have some fun with!”
Hu Mazi grinned mischievously!
Chen Ping slapped Hu Mazi on the shoulder, “Now that’s more like it, that’s the Master Hu I know!”
“Chen Ping, since you’re back, go see your mother. She’s been talking about you non-stop this past year!”
Ji Ruxue said!
Chen Ping nodded and followed Ji Ruxue and the others back to the Dragon Gate!
When he saw Long Ruotong, Chen Ping and his mother embraced, sobbing together!
A mother and son who hadn’t seen each other in a year, they missed each other dearly!
“Ping’er, how have you been in the Celestial Human Realm?”
Long Ruotong asked!
“Mum, pretty good. The Celestial Human Realm is my turf now, I’m invincible there!”
Chen Ping said!
“You’re not just bragging, are you?” Long Ruotong laughed!
“No bragging, I’m the top dog in the Celestial Human Realm now, everyone listens to me!” Chen Ping said earnestly!
“Chen Ping, so in the Celestial Human Realm, you didn’t go looking for more women, did you?”
Wu Meier turned to Chen Ping and asked!
“I…” Chen Ping was momentarily at a loss for words!
“Meier, Chen Ping is so outstanding, it’s normal for him to find one or two women in the Celestial Human Realm. You can’t expect him to hold himself back for a whole year, right?”
Ji Ruxue stepped in to defend Chen Ping!
Chen Ping shot Ji Ruxue a grateful look, she really was considerate!
“One or two is normal, but what if it’s not just one or two?” Wu Meier pressed, “Chen Ping, how many women did you find in the Celestial Human Realm?”
Ji Ruxue stopped defending him this time and turned to Chen Ping as well!
She too wanted to know just how many women Chen Ping had found in the Celestial Human Realm!
“One or two… maybe ten or twenty?”
Chen Ping said awkwardly!
“What? Ten or twenty?” The women were all shocked!
“Sisters, this past year in the Celestial Human Realm, Chen Ping must’ve been squeezed dry. We can’t let others outdo us, charge with me!”
Ji Ruxue took on her big sister role and led the charge!
Chen Ping was soon overwhelmed by the women, while Long Ruotong just laughed!
Chen Ping battled with the women for a few days, then took Gu Ling’er to Hong City to visit Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong!
But when Su Wenzong asked about Su Yuqi, Chen Ping could only lie and brush it off!
Next, Chen Ping went to Chen Family Village to see his father, Chen Baoguo, and Tang Hongying, who had raised him for over twenty years!
Chen Ping left his parents a few spiritual pills. Since they were ordinary people and couldn’t cultivate, there was no way to take them to the Celestial Human Realm!
He could only leave them a few pills in the Mortal Realm to prolong their lives!
Then Chen Ping went to see Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng!
The two had gotten married, and Chi Feng was pregnant, her belly swollen.