“Psychosis?”The Red Cloud Demon Lord was confused, he had no idea what a mental illness was!
After all, as a person of the Heavenly Realm, both his divine sense and sea of consciousness were very large, so it was simply impossible to have any mental illness!
Even ordinary cultivators could not have psychosis, after all, every cultivator would cultivate their divine sense.
Mental illnesses are only found in ordinary people, only in the secular world!
Many mental illnesses are caused by a direct breakdown under mental stress!
That’s because ordinary people haven’t cultivated their divine sense and can’t resist the pressure!
Psychosis would be impossible for cultivators!
But now Chen Ping had actually diagnosed Xiao Feng, a Mahayana Realm cultivator, with mental illness!
This was something that if another pill master was around, he would have cursed Chen Ping to death!
Chen Ping began to refine the pills, and soon from within that Shen Nong Tripod, two pills slowly rose up!
One white and one black, surprisingly different coloured pills!
“Two types of pills, could it be that whatever mental illness you’re talking about needs to be cured with two different pills?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord asked curiously!
“Of course not, only one is needed, but both are effective, it’s up to him to choose!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Putting away the Divine Peasant Tripod, the door to the alchemy room slowly opened!
Everyone’s eyes were focused on Chen Ping’s body!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, how is it?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“I’ve already refined the elixir, so I can take it to Emperor Xiao to take it now!”
“My elixir, the medicine will remove the disease ……”
Chen Ping said confidently!
“Good, then quickly go and let Imperial Prince Xiao take it.”Seeing that Chen Ping was so confident, Chen Wenliang told Chen Ping to hurry and go and give Xiao Feng the medicine!
But just as Chen Ping was walking towards Xiao Feng, he was stopped by Xiao Yuanshan!
“Slow down, I want to check the pills you’ve refined before you give them to my son.”
Xiao Yuanshan was afraid that Chen Ping would really refine a poison pill for his son!
“No problem!”Chen Ping took out the two pills he had refined!
Xiao Yuanshan wasn’t a pharmacist either, so of course he wouldn’t be able to inspect them, so he looked at Su Tianshuo and Ouyang Wufeng who were on the side and said, “President Su, Mr Ouyang, I also invite you to identify the ingredients of this elixir.”
The two people were all flattered by Xiao Yuanshan’s invitation and immediately got together!
The reason why Xiao Yuanshan did not allow Chen Wenliang to identify it was because he could see that that Chen Wenliang followed Chen Ping’s acquaintance and was afraid that Chen Wenliang would not tell the truth!
Su Tianshuo and Ouyang Wufeng underneath looked at the two pills, one white and one black!
Then they sniffed hard and had their divine sense probing for half a day!
In the end, both of their faces became filled with doubt and looked at each other!
“Both of you, what are the ingredients of these two pills and can they cure my son’s illness?”
Xiao Yuan Shan asked!
Ouyang Wufeng licked his lips and looked like he wanted to speak!
On the other hand, Su Tianshuo who was on the side spoke, “Emperor Xiao, neither of these two pills is a cure for manic bloodlust.”
“This white elixir, which has the ingredient of Forgetfulness Grass in it, can cause someone to suffer from amnesia and not remember anything.”
“And this black elixir, is a poisonous elixir, and it’s also a high-level poisonous elixir, after taking it, one will die of pain with ten thousand ants devouring one’s heart!”
As soon as Su Tianshuo’s words fell, a tyrannical aura instantly erupted from Xiao Yuanshan’s body, and Chen Ping was unable to take precautions and was directly sent flying by this terrifying force!
Everyone else was also full of confusion, not understanding what Chen Ping was doing, even if there was no way to cure him, he could not give poison pills to people ah?
Moreover, this was the prince of the Xiao Dynasty, giving poison pills, wasn’t this purely looking for death?
“Poison pill? How is that possible?”
Chen Wenliang did not believe that Chen Ping would refine poison pills, so he also came over to inspect it!
Even Zhong Yi leapt forward and carefully looked at the two pills, after all, who would believe that at this time, someone would dare to give a poison pill to the imperial son of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!