When Ning Zhi thought about it, he was right, this kind of thing was no joke, so many people had gone to the trial, and all of them were elites, if there was really nothing, the Dragon Family would be stinking in the martial arts world!
Thinking about this, Ning Zhi also wanted to go to this trial to see what relics were there that the Dragon Family could hide for so long!
Only that his current status was obviously not suitable for him to be participating in the trial anymore.
“Long Family Master, your application can be approved by the Martial Dao Alliance, but I need to recommend four young talents from the Martial Dao Alliance to participate, what do you think?”
Ning Zhi asked as he turned to Long Jingguo.
“Of course there is no problem, this trial is supposed to cultivate young talents for the Martial Dao world, so the more people who participate, the better!”
Long Jia said with a faint smile.
Seeing that Long Jingguo had agreed, Ning Zhi ordered someone to bring the seal of the Martial Dao Alliance, and then stamped it directly on the document Long Jingguo had brought.
With the seal of the Martial Arts Union, Long Jingguo could take it to Mr. Shi for his inspection, and as long as the official permission was granted, then this trial would be officially pa*sed.
As for who should participate, Long Jingguo did not have any special requirements, after all, if these people went, they would only serve as resources for Long Xiao, and when the time came, all these people’s kung fu would be sucked up by Long Xiao!
And in the trial, it was only normal for a few people to die, and no matter what people died, no one would suspect them of the Long family.
Long Jingguo left, while Ning Zhi held the seal of the Martial Union in his hand, his entire body in a state of extreme exhilaration!
“This feeling is too good, good …………”
Ning Zhi laughed out loud.
The kind of thrill that came with power was starting to make Ning Zhi forget a little!
“As long as you listen well, you’ll get even more in the future, and even reorganizing your Ning family will only be a matter of minutes!”
In his mind, the old voice suddenly recalled.
“Senior, I will definitely listen ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes flashed with a brilliant aura, he would definitely reorganize the Ning Family and show everyone in the martial world!
………………
Protector’s Pavilion!
Mr. Shi was waiting for Long Jingguo, who had contacted Mr. Shi after he had been stamped by the Martial Arts Union, and had rushed over without stopping.
Soon, Long Jingguo arrived, with the document in his hand, and respectfully delivered it to Mr Shi.
Only Mr Shi didn’t read it, he simply pushed the document aside!
This one move caused Long Jingguo’s heart to tighten slightly!
If Mr. Shi did not agree, then even if the Martial Union stamped it, it would be useless.
“Mr. Shi, this is the information for our Long Family to hold the trial, and the Martial Dao Alliance has already approved it, so …………”
Long Jingguo whispered to Mr. Shi.
He wanted Mr. Shi to take a look at it and give them the go-ahead!
“There’s no need to look at it, I can promise your Long family to hold the trials!”
Mr Shi said indifferently.
As soon as Long Jingguo heard this, he said with a smile on his face, “Then thank you so much Mr. Shi.”
“But I have a condition …….”
Mr. Shi then continued.
Long Jingguo was stunned and immediately said, “Please speak, Mr. Shi!”
“For this trial, I want Chen Ping to participate as well ……”
Mr. Shi said.
“Chen Ping?” Long Jingguo froze for a moment, he didn’t expect Mr. Shi to speak directly for Chen Ping!
Seeing Long Jingguo Chen silent, Mr. Shi frowned slightly, “What, you don’t agree?”
“No, no, no ……” Long Jingguo waved his hands repeatedly, “It’s just that this trial place is extremely dangerous and will be in great danger, I’m afraid that something will happen to Chen Ping… …”
Long Jingguo was actually not afraid of Chen Ping having an accident, but of Long Xiao having an accident!
After all, this fellow Chen Ping was an uncertainty, the purpose of this trial was to allow Long Xiao to draw on the merits of others, this if Chen Ping also participated, Long Xiao would definitely seek revenge on Chen Ping.