These people of the Pill God Valley, in their eyes, are nothing more than ants, not the slightest threat at all.
“Everyone back off, I have enough to deal with them alone, none of their five beasts will be able to leave today ……”
Chen Ping slowly clenched his fist and ordered loudly.
He knew that if these people rushed up, they would just be slaughtered, the huge strength gap was not something that could be bridged by numbers.
“Valley Master ……”
Xu Changsheng did not understand why Chen Ping wanted to do it alone, knowing that the strength of the five people on the other side was not low.
“Stand back ……”
Chen Ping ordered loudly once again.
Seeing this, Xu Changsheng could only lead the Pill God Valley disciples to back off.
“Chen Ping ……”
Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan and the girls stepped forward, they were worrying about Chen Ping.
“You guys should also back off, I will be fine.”
Chen Ping gave the two a firm and confident look.
“You two listen to Chen Ping and back off!”
Long Wu also spoke up at this moment.
Long Wu believed in Chen Ping because he felt an unprecedented aura from Chen Ping’s body.
Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan also backed off, leaving Chen Ping alone to face the five island warriors.
“Kid, you’re really f*cking interesting, you dare to call our bluff even by yourself, today I’ll take your head to collect the reward.”
Kawashima Hiroshi sneered.
Immediately afterwards, an appalling aura instantly erupted from Kawashima Hiroshi’s body, and in an instant, the wind blew furiously, and underneath Kawashima Hiroshi’s feet, a huge deep crater appeared, as if a huge explosion had occurred.
Chen Ping looked at Kawashima Hiroshi, and the aura on his body also exploded instantly!
Boom!
An incomparably powerful pressure pervaded Chen Ping’s body, directly crushing that Kawashima Hiroshi’s aura to the point of no return!
The two auras clashed continuously, but when Kawashima Hiroshi’s aura touched Chen Ping’s pressure, it was like a mouse meeting a cat, without the slightest resistance!
Kawashima Hiroshi’s face turned pale, and his body flew backwards.
The tremendous force caused Kawashima’s body to hit the mountain, causing rocks to crack and boulders to fly everywhere!
The corner of Kawashima’s mouth was spilling blood, and he looked very messy!
And Chen Ping’s eyes were cold with killing intent!
“This …………”
Several other warriors saw this, and one by one, their mouths all opened wide in shock.
They couldn’t believe that Chen Ping could have such strength, making Kawashima Hiroshi suffer a big loss with a single strike.
And everyone in Pill God Valley was also astonished, none of them had expected that Chen Ping’s strength had increased so quickly!
“Chen Ping, your strength has increased a lot again ah ……”
Long Wu said with a look of relief.
“The peak of Martial Sect is no longer a match for me ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head towards Long Wu and said.
“Hahahaha, these five unlucky guys won’t be able to escape today.”
Hearing this, Long Wu laughed out loud.
Chen Ping looked coldly at the five island warriors and took a step forward and said, “Today I will make you five, life is worse than death ……”
At this moment, the several island warriors all put away their contempt and their faces were filled with gloom!
They had underestimated Chen Ping’s strength at the beginning, even the peak of Martial Sect was not a match for Chen Ping, it seemed that the five of them had to be cautious and careful.
That Kawashima Hiroshi came back in a mess and looked at Chen Ping coldly, “Kid, the five of us together, one peak Martial Sect is no match for him.”
“You are nothing but stinking sh*t in my eyes, you are not even worthy of a martial artist ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a golden light instantly flashed from his body, followed by layers of scales wrapping up Chen Ping’s body, an unparalleled fleshly body that emitted a blinding light under the sunlight.
“Valley Master’s imperishable golden body is becoming more and more domineering ……”
Looking at Chen Ping, Xu Changsheng said slowly.