The Watanabe family villa!
Chen Ping was at the head of the table, while opposite him sat an islander in a suit and a moustache!
“Mr. Chen, I am a messenger from the island’s martial arts community, my name is Shinichi Muto.”
Muto Shinichi followed Chen Ping and introduced himself.
“What do you want from me? Could it be that your island country’s martial arts community is planning to submit to me?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
In fact, Chen Ping knew that this Muto Shinichi’s visit to him was definitely not about the island martial arts community wanting to submit to him, he was just thinking about disgusting this guy!
As expected, when Chen Ping said this, Muto Shinichi’s face instantly changed.
But in the end he restrained himself and shook his head slightly, “No, I’m here to deliver a war invitation to Mr. Chen.”
With that, Muto Shinichi thrust a very fine war invitation in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, however, tossed the war invitation directly to the side: “Speak directly ……”
Muto Shinichi looked at Chen Ping’s arrogant look and was trying desperately to restrain himself!
“Mr. Chen, your wanton slaughter in my island nation has caused discontent in our island martial arts community, so Senior Kuroki Kawasaki would like to make an appointment to fight you, I wonder if you dare to answer?”
Muto Shinichi said in a tone that carried a bit of contempt.
He was doing this on purpose, to stimulate Chen Ping, so that Chen Ping, on impulse, would agree to this engagement!
Because he knew that Kuroki Kawasaki’s fame was too great, and he was afraid that Chen Ping would be too frightened to accept the fight after hearing about it!
“Don’t use that tone, although that Kuroki Kawasaki is the number one man on the island in your eyes, but in my eyes, he’s nothing.”
“Isn’t it just an appointment to fight, I’ll just answer it ……”
Chen Ping froze and sneered.
Muto Shinichi frowned, “You are too reckless, senior Kuroki Kawasaki is the number one samurai in our island nation, he has lived for almost two hundred years, he can be called a living god, how dare you talk about him like that?”
“A living god? Have you ever seen what an immortal looks like?”
“Besides you are just a messenger, how dare you accuse me ……”
A huge aura emanated from Chen Ping’s body, and the terrifying pressure went straight to that Muto Shinichi!
Although Muto Shinichi was also a martial artist, but under Chen Ping’s enormous pressure, it was really nothing!
With a poof, Muto Shinichi was crushed and fell to his knees in front of Chen Ping!
“I won’t kill you today, but I will show you what a true immortal is ……”
Chen Ping withdrew his mighty pressure, before that Muto Shinichi trembled and stood up!
At this moment, he had long since turned pale beyond recognition!
“Good, in three days’ time, in the crater of Mount Fuji, senior Kuroki Kawasaki will be waiting for you ……”
Muto Shinichi finished his sentence and turned around to leave!
“Wait a minute ……”
At that moment, Lao Fan walked in and stopped that Muto Shinichi, then said, “Since it’s a scheduled battle, why do you have to set the time and place? You can set the time, but the place has to be set by us ……”
When Muto Shinichi heard this, the corners of his eyes twitched slightly twice, because Kuroki Kawasaki would not come out of the crater at all, and if Chen Ping really set the location by himself, then Kuroki Kawasaki would definitely not go.
“What? Are you afraid that you won’t be able to climb up that Fuji crater at all?”
Muto Shinichi was starting to use a provocative tactic!
“Alright, stop using agitation, time and place is up to you.”
“Get lost ……”
Chen Ping waved his hand impatiently!
When Muto Shinichi saw Chen Ping agree, his heart was happy and he quickly left, he was afraid that Chen Ping was backtracking!
And Old Fan looked at Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, you have been fooled, although that Blackwood Kawasaki is powerful, but when he leaves that crater, his strength will drop a bit, because most of the powerful qi in his body comes from absorbing the heat of the crater lava.”
“That’s why that Kuroki Kawasaki has been living in seclusion inside the crater, and this is the information that I’ve spent a lot of effort to get.”
It seemed that Old Fan knew that Chen Ping was bound to have a battle with Kuroki Kawasaki, so he had been poking around for all kinds of information about that Kuroki Kawasaki.