But now, after hearing Ge Fuhai say so, Chen Ping felt that it was really time for him to plan properly!
“Master Ge, I remember what you said, and I will consider the matter of starting a sect.”
Chen Ping said to Ge Fuhai.
“Mr. Chen, if you need anything, my Ge family will give it all away ……”
Ge Fuhai said.
“Good, I will look for you if I need to, I have other things to do, so I will not bother you ……”
Chen Ping got up and took Ge Yuhan with him and left!
He had to go to the Pill God Valley and find a way to recover Ge Yuhan.
On the way to the Pill God Valley, Chen Ping pondered on Ge Fuhai’s words!
Spiritual Qi revives, the landscape changes drastically, the major hidden families show their heads …………
Chen Ping didn’t know if any of this, had any effect on himself, but his immediate priority was to recover Ge Yuhan and then find a way to save Su Yuqi!
Chen Ping took Ge Yuhan to the Pill God Valley and found Xu Changsheng directly!
If the Pill God Valley didn’t even have a medicine for Ge Yuhan’s recovery, then they could only look at other methods, and in the entire martial arts world, the Pill God Valley’s medicine refining skills were the best.
“Valley Master, this only has one soul and one spirit left, how else can it be recovered? Even if there is only one breath left, but the soul is still alive, it can still be healed!”
“But this situation now, obviously the body is fine, it’s the soul that has left the body, I’m afraid it will be difficult for the pills to recover.”
“This is equivalent to going to hell and following the king of hell to snatch the soul, it’s not at all something that the art of pill refining can do.”
Looking at Ge Yuhan like that, Xu Changsheng said with a difficult face.
Chen Ping was a pill refiner himself, of course he knew this, but he just wanted to try, if the pills didn’t work, then he could only go to Hu Ma Zi and ask about the charm technique.
“Ai, it looks like we can only think of another way ……”
Chen Ping sighed!
“Valley Master, don’t you have the Supreme Dan Record? You can find out if there is a way to recover this young lady, if it is not recorded in the Supreme Dan Record either, I am afraid there is no way.”
Xu Changsheng turned to Chen Ping and reminded him.
“Right, why did I forget ……”
Chen Ping slapped his head, he had almost forgotten about this miraculous book on pill refining!
At that time, Chen Ping had obtained the Supreme Dan Record and had given a copy to the Pill God Valley crowd.
Chen Ping hurriedly asked Xu Changsheng to bring the Supreme Dan Record, and then checked it out.
When Chen Ping saw the end, his eyes suddenly lit up.
“Hahahaha, found it, found it ……”
Chen Ping burst out laughing.
Xu Changsheng hurried over and with a glance, he saw the dan recipe written on it!
“Pill of gathering spirit? There really is such an elixir, this is simply too right!”
Xu Changsheng looked at that dan recipe and was amazed as well!
At this moment, Chen Ping was filled with joy and hurriedly said to Xu Changsheng, “Elder Xu, go find the herbs according to the dan recipe immediately, make sure to be quick!”
“Alright, I’m on my way!”
Xu Changsheng nodded, and then left!
Chen Ping turned his head to look at Ge Yuhan and said with a smile on his face, “Yuhan, I’ll be able to cure you soon ……”
Chen Ping took Ge Yuhan to stay in the Pill God Valley and waited for Xu Changsheng to come in search of medicinal herbs.
Because that Pill Gathering Pill required some extremely rare herbs, it would take some time to find all the herbs.
While Chen Ping was waiting with Ge Yuhan in the Pill God Valley for the medicinal ingredients, the martial arts landscape of the entire secular world was also quietly changing!
Some families from all over the world who didn’t ask questions about the world suddenly became high profile, and the various rankings of the martial dao world were disrupted for a while, as the younger generation of martial artists grew like spring shoots in an instant!
The Kyoto martial arts community, which had been at the top of the martial arts world, now found itself overtaken by other places!
Those martial arts clans that had suddenly emerged, with the strongest members of the younger generation, were all at the realm of Great Martial Marquis!
The shock in the martial arts world was enormous!
If you knew what a Martial Marquis represented, why did these families hold back if they had a strong Martial Marquis?
This was the question on everyone’s mind!
But now, these families had all come out as if they had agreed to do so!