Both, all fierce and overbearing, as if they were capable of destroying any obstacle, as if there was a mountain in front of them, and they were also capable of destroying it!
“Good boy, no wonder you were able to kill Ning Hai, you really do have some tricks up your sleeve!”
Zhou Tianyin was faintly surprised, but it was only tightly a hint, Chen Ping was not enough to make him take it seriously.
With that, he parted his hands and slapped out lightly with both hands!
He actually used both hands to receive Chen Ping’s fist dipper hand seal!
But there was a white glow in his palms!
Boom!
Two thunderbolts exploded, and heaven and earth shook!
A small mountain next to him was collapsed with a bang.
“You receive a palm from me too!”
Just then, Zhou Tianyin’s indifferent and merciless voice rang out, before he slapped out a palm.
Boom!
With a palm strike, the wind and clouds moved!
With the might of the mountains and the sea, it went towards Chen Ping.
This palm contained an endless amount of terrifying energy, which would absolutely wipe out ordinary martial artists!
Chen Ping also felt a great threat!
His face was incomparably grave, and he roared furiously under his breath.
At the same time, his hands squeezed out a spell with unparalleled swiftness!
In just the blink of an eye, he had squeezed out thirty-six spells to form a barrier in front of him!
And then, a golden dragon hovered in mid-air, its body emitting golden light.
After a dragon roar, it rushed towards the Seal of Zhou Tian.
Brush!
With a flash of light, a dense and incomparable white light erupted from the golden dragon’s body!
The spiritual energy within its body was even pushed to the extreme!
Roar, roar, roar!
A dragon roar rang out all around.
However, the Golden Dragon’s attack was also consuming the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s body as well, and in just an instant, most of the spiritual energy within his body was drained away!
“Kill!”
Chen Ping shouted explosively.
Boom, boom, boom!
Three consecutive terrifying explosions rang out in quick succession!
The Golden Dragon’s body ruthlessly slammed into Zhou Tianyin’s body, instantly cancelling out Zhou Tianyin’s terrifying strike!
But after this blow, the Golden Dragon also instantly turned into a bit of golden light and disappeared!
But although Zhou Tianyin’s strike was cancelled out by the golden dragon, it still carried residual power and the wind of the palm whistled!
Boom!
The fourth explosion rang out, but Chen Ping remained still, the barrier that Chen Ping had just condensed had cancelled out Zhou Tian Yin’s attack!
“Good boy, I have underestimated you a little! But I’d like to see how many palms you can take from me!”
Zhou Tianyin said as he attacked with a second palm blast.
Chen Ping’s face changed greatly, the Golden Dragon’s strike had almost drained the spiritual energy from his body, so it would be very difficult for Chen Ping to block this attack from Zhou Tianyin!
Chen Ping bit the tip of his tongue, a drop of bright red blood flowed out and Chen Ping violently spurted out a blood mist!
The blood mist was swiftly absorbed by Chen Ping’s body.
Instantly, Chen Ping’s aura soared and the blood inside his body was burning brightly.
“Chop!”
Chen Ping roared, and the Zeng Long Sword came out with his heart!
A fiery red glow shot up into the sky, illuminating the entire world!
Then, with a flash of light, the astounding sword diaphragm, endlessly silvery, slashed at Zhou Tianyin’s palm wind!
Clatter!
With a crisp sound, the palm wind was directly chopped into two halves!
After that, the sword qi continued to explode towards Zhou Tianyin.
“Good boy, how dare you burn your essence blood, you must not stay today!”
Zhou Tianyin’s face changed slightly, as his words fell, Zhou Tianyin waved his backhand, and a sword light suddenly appeared!
The sword, with a body like autumn water, was cold and sharp, and at a glance, one could tell that it was a supreme treasure sword.
And at this very instant, Zhou Tianyin had already stabbed out with his sword!
His sword, slow in speed, was incomparably thick and heavy, as if he was holding, not a sword, but a huge mountain!
Ding!
There was a soft sound.
The scene suddenly came to a standstill.
Only to see the sword Qi of the Seal of Zhou Tian and the sword Qi of the Zhan Long Sword instantly colliding together.
Chen Ping’s face changed greatly, he didn’t expect it to be blocked so easily by his opponent!
The strength of this Zhou Tianyin was simply too terrifying!