Chen Ping sat within the cave and slowly absorbed the spiritual qi flowing out of the cave.
This spiritual energy was incomparably abundant and of a very pure quality!
The only pity was that Chen Ping had no way to open the huge rock in front of him, otherwise he would have been able to know exactly what was inside.
“YuanYing, if I could step into YuanYing, I would have the power to follow the Martial Alliance and the Dragon Family in a battle, and I would have a chance to save my mother and Yu Qi ……”
Chen Ping thought to himself!
He needed to use the fastest speed to impact to YuanYing, which was the Martial Marquis realm of the Martial Dao Realm before he could do so.
Although Chen Ping had now also reached the strength of a half-step Martial Marquis.
Even if he faced a newly promoted Martial Marquis, he would have a fighting chance, but if he really had to face a huge family like the Martial Alliance and the Dragon Family, Chen Ping would not have the slightest chance of winning!
Even when facing the Ning Family, if Mr. Shi had not appeared in time, Chen Ping would have been a corpse by now.
Therefore, Chen Ping was incomparably hungry for strength, he needed to make a breakthrough as soon as possible!
Only, how difficult it was to impact from the Golden Dan to the Yuan Ying, besides enlightenment, it also required a certain opportunity!
It is common for some people to be stuck in a big realm for the rest of their lives and not be able to break through.
And Chen Ping’s goal wasn’t just YuanYing, he needed to hit a higher realm!
Because only after reaching a certain level of strength could he discover new worlds!
He now wanted to know who his father was, and who he really was!
All these truths he wants to know, he has to climb step by step by strength to get closer and closer to the truth!
“When I do attain immortality, what with the Martial Alliance and what with the Dragon Family, it won’t be worth mentioning ……”
An incomparable glint of yearning shone in Chen Ping’s eyes!
Under the effect of Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique, the spiritual energy kept turning into spiritual power, hitting new heights in the realm time and time again!
In the blink of an eye, three days had pa*sed.
The spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body was already abundant and he was constantly striking the Martial Marquis realm, only to fail time and time again!
At the same time, Ji Ruxue within the Red Lotus Palace had been in a state of nervous anxiety.
She didn’t know if the Sacred Beast Palace would fight over.
Nor did she know when it would fight, and such days were the most torturous.
The entire Red Lotus Palace had been on standby for a long time, and the Palace’s protective formation had begun to function!
But for three days in a row, there was not even a single word.
There was no movement from the Sacred Beast Palace either, which made Ji Ru Xue somewhat restless!
“Sister, you haven’t rested properly for three days, look at how haggard you are, you’d better go and rest!”
Xiao Min looked at her sister who was so haggard and said with great distress.
“No, there is no movement in that Sacred Beast Palace, I can’t sleep!”
Ji Ru Xue shook her head.
Just at this time, a Red Lotus Palace disciple suddenly ran in.
“Palace Master, the Sacred Beast Palace is here ……”
With a single word, Ji Ru Xue’s body shook and her expression became incomparably tense.
“What should come, always comes!”
Ji Ru Xue muttered.
“How many people have come from the Sacred Beast Palace?”
One of the elders asked.
“One person …….”
The disciple said truthfully.
“One person?”
At this moment, Ji Ru Xue froze.
Even if their Red Lotus Palace was not as strong as the Sacred Beast Palace, sending one person over was too much to look down on their Red Lotus Palace.
“Who did the Sacred Beast Palace send here? How dare one person come over, it’s too much to look down on our Red Lotus Palace!”
Ji Ru Xue had a furious look on her face.
“It’s the Sacred Beast Palace’s Grand Elder Xiao Da …….”
The disciple said.
Ji Ru Xue frowned slightly, then said, “Invite him in!”
Soon, Xiao Da walked quickly into the Red Lotus Palace with a smile on his face, not like he was on a crusade.
“Palace Master Ji, I hope you won’t be offended if you take the liberty to disturb me ……”
Xiao Da smiled and gave a salute towards Ji Ru Xue!