Chen Ping was a little embarrassed when he heard what Crazy Immortal said, he didn’t expect that this Heavenly Realm would follow the secular world differently!
In the secular world, it was a case of reaching out and not hitting the gift-giver, as long as one gave a gift, basically anything could be done.
“Just don’t, don’t make it so tense!”
Chen Ping put away the immortal coins!
“Say, who the hell are you guys, or don’t blame me for being impolite.”
That war soldier captain yelled!
At the same time, the War Soldiers on the city gates all had a change in their breath, and one by one, they flashed their weapons!
For a time, the killing intent was overwhelming.
Chen Ping and the others had instantly become a target, and now that Chen Ping had said one wrong word, he was probably going to be chopped into pieces!
Feeling the killing intent of those war soldiers around them, Crazy Immortal and Bai Yi both tensed up, even the breath within their personal bodies were surging.
Ben Niu was even so scared that his face turned pale and he hid tightly behind Crazy Immortal.
Chen Ping was not that worried at the moment, since the other party suspected their identity, it proved that they had not yet received information from the main city.
If they knew their identity, it was impossible to be asking, they would have already done it!
Now, just think of a way to cope with the past, the big deal is not to go through this city first!
Chen Ping swept a glance, the surroundings had already been surrounded by war soldiers, and each one of them was highly concentrated, ready to strike at any time!
That war soldier captain was even waiting for Chen Ping with an icy face!
“Misunderstanding, it’s all a misunderstanding, listen to my explanation ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly spoke after the War Soldier Captain in front of him!
At the same time, his feet were not moving as he drew something on the ground.
No one paid attention to the movements of Chen Ping’s feet.
“Say, who exactly are you people?”The War Soldier Captain drank coldly!
“We are actually not from Fei Hu City, we just heard that Fei Hu City treats us well and wanted to come to defect.”
Chen Ping could only speak nonsense for the time being to fool this War Soldier Captain.
“You fart, to defect to Fei Hu City, you can go to the main city, what are you doing here above the mountain range?”
The War Soldier Captain simply did not believe Chen Ping’s words!
“Of course we want to go to the main city as well, but look at our strength, and with a child, we thought that the Unravelling City Lord would definitely not want us.”
“So we thought of finding a small remote city to stay in first, mixing up a Fei Hu City identity so that we wouldn’t be bullied.”
“We found out that this Fei Hu City territory, there is a small city just on this mountain range, so we thought of defecting over.”
Chen Ping could only make up nonsense to stall for time!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s movements under his feet did not stop as he kept carving a strange rune on the ground!
“Don’t you dare lie to me, do you really treat me like a child?”
The War Soldier Captain’s face was filled with anger, then he waved his hand and said, “Men, arrest them all and hand them over to the City Lord for personal interrogation.”
Accompanied by the words of the War Soldier Captain, the surrounding War Soldiers all had their breath explode, pressing towards Chen Ping and the others!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then gave Crazy Immortal and Bai Yi a wink.
If there was really no way out, then they would have to do it, they could not really be arrested and sent before that Xie Chong.
At that time, his identity would definitely be exposed.
But just as these war soldiers were about to make their move, suddenly a wave of its strong and domineering aura came from within the city.
Immediately after that, a huge tiger was seen pacing from within the city!
On top of the tiger, there was also a grey-clothed teenager, who was very handsome, only that the aura on his body was very domineering.
Especially that pair of eyes, seems to be empty of all …… sights
Seeing the visitor, all the war soldiers kneeled down.
“See you, Huo Shizi ……”
That war soldier captain lowered his head, not daring to look directly into the young man’s eyes.
“What’s going on? The city gates are in chaos?”
The teenager asked in a cold voice!
“There are a few people, who are not from Fei Hu City, but are trying to trespass the city gates, my subordinate was about to take them down and hand them over to the city lord for interrogation!”
The war soldier captain said!
The teenager glanced at Chen Ping, while Chen Ping also looked at the teenager, then his brows instantly furrowed!