“He can kill me, but not you guys, after all, we are blood brothers of the same milk, if you kill me and ruin the whole Jiang family, my brother will definitely make you pay for it ……”
Jiang Zhengzhong shouted with a smug look on his face!
In fact, he had just learned the news that his brother was still alive at this time, but to be able to be the head instructor of Kyoto, that must be strong, just these cats and dogs in the provincial city, will certainly not be put in the eyes.
“Tenacious …………”
Looking at the smug Jiang Zhengzhong, Chen Ping coldly snorted!
With a slap, Jiang Zhengzhong’s head instantly opened up and fell straight to the ground!
Seeing this scene, everyone was instantly silent, and Li Shouyi’s heart was even more mixed!
Now that Jiang Zhengzhong was dead, the Jiang family would definitely be divided up, and if Jiang Zhengde really came looking for him, then the provincial city would be in for a bloodbath!
The godfather of Kyoto had many of the great families of Kyoto behind him, and there were many families who wanted to invite Jiang Zhengde as their guest. The reason why Li Shouyi knew this news was also because his friends in Kyoto had found Li Shouyi after knowing that Jiang Zhengde’s hometown was Jiangbei Province, and wanted Li Shouyi to persuade Jiang Zhengde in the name of his hometown.
It was because of this that Li Shouyi learned that Jiang Zhengde was not dead and was making a good living in Kyoto!
“I admire Mr. Chen’s strength, I, Wu Liuyi, so I would like to take this opportunity to recommend Mr. Chen as the alliance leader of my Martial Alliance, so that if that Jiang Zhengde really kills back to the provincial city, we can also resist under Mr. Chen’s leadership!”
Wu Liuyi stepped forward and said respectfully to Chen Ping.
“Yes, we agree with Mr. Chen as the alliance leader!”
“I believe no one will object to Mr. Chen being the allied leader!”
Everyone followed and echoed!
After all, Chen Ping’s strength was obvious to everyone, and with such a person of great strength sitting in the town, the provincial martial arts alliance would definitely be able to create a name for itself and even break out of the entire Jiangbei province.
Chen Ping looked at the crowd, but he shook his head slightly and said, “I am not interested in any alliance leader, if you guys don’t mind, let Red Phoenix be the leader of this alliance, when the time comes, if something happens to the alliance, I, Chen Ping, will definitely give my full support!”
“Mr. Chen …………”
Red Phoenix was shocked, he did not expect that Chen Ping would want her to be the alliance leader of the Martial Dao Alliance.
Chen Ping waved his hand towards Chi Feng and didn’t let her say anything more, making Chi Feng this alliance leader, in fact just now Chen Ping had thought about it!
In the future, as his cultivation level got higher and higher, the resources Chen Ping needed would increase exponentially, so Chen Ping needed people who would help him find resources.
After Red Phoenix became the Martial Alliance’s alliance leader, he would definitely be able to help himself find resources better!
“I agree, now that Jiang Zhengzhong has died and Sun Yaobang has become a wastrel, he might die someday, now only Red Phoenix and I are left of the four great councilors, I think I am not as strong as Red Phoenix, so I agree with Mr. Chen’s suggestion!”
Wu Liuyi was the first to shout his approval!
The other martial arts schools did not dare to object, so they all agreed, and Red Phoenix became the alliance’s leader.
As the a*sembly dispersed, Wu Liuyi did not rush to leave, but after the crowd had diminished, he approached Chen Ping: “Mr. Chen, today I have opened my eyes, if Mr. Chen does not abandon me, I hope that I can teach my old man a few moves sometime!”
Wu Liuyi’s attitude was extremely respectful, as respectful as a young student facing his teacher!
“You’re welcome, Master Wu, it’s fine to spar with each other, there’s no talk of guidance!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Hahahaha, a sparring session is fine, when the time comes to invite Mr. Chen, I still hope not to let the old man off the hook!”
Wu Liuyi laughed out loud.