“Little girl, come with me, I can help you see ……”
The Boss of the Five Warriors stepped forward and pulled up Miao Miao’s arm, about to take Miao Miao away!
Splat!
But right at this moment, a large palm suddenly swiped over!
The Five Warriors Boss was caught off guard and was directly slapped!
“Dare to touch her again, die ……”
Chen Ping said with cold eyes!
“Damn, you dare to hit me?”
The Five Warriors Boss’s face was icy cold and his eyes were round and full of anger!
Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng walked behind Chen Ping, while Chen Ping said, “You two keep an eye on Miss Miao, don’t let anyone get close!”
Chen Ping was afraid that if a fight broke out in a while, with so many people eyeing Miao Miao, it would be bad if someone took advantage of the situation!
Right now, Miao Miao’s condition was clearly delirious and mentally challenged, even if someone took the opportunity to mooch off her, she wouldn’t resist!
“Good!”Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng nodded!
Although they did not know what kind of relationship Chen Ping had following this old man and young man, since Chen Ping had said it, they would listen!
The Five Warriors Boss sized up Chen Ping and realised that Chen Ping was only a Transition Realm Sixth Grade Cultivator, so he angrily said, “A mere Transition Realm Sixth Grade Cultivator, how dare you meddle in the affairs of others.”
After saying that, the Five Warriors Boss slammed his palm towards Chen Ping, he wanted to avenge the slap he had just received!
The aura of the peak of the Ferrying Realm erupted within the body of that Fifth Warrior Boss, but just as the palm reached Chen Ping, Chen Ping reached out and directly grabbed the wrist of that Fifth Warrior Boss!
At this moment, that Five Warriors Boss froze and wanted to take his hand back, but found that he could not move at all!
“Ah …………”
The Five Warriors Boss instantly let out a scream, only to see Chen Ping’s fingers slightly exerting force, the Five Warriors Boss’s arm seemed to shatter, drilling pain!
Seeing this, a few other people from the Five Warriors hurriedly shouted in a stern voice, “Let go of my big brother, hurry up and let go, or I’ll take your life!”
These few people were also all at the peak of the Ferrying Realm, and one by one, their breath skyrocketed and their eyes were ferocious!
Seeing this, the surrounding crowd dodged away, they didn’t dare to provoke these South Square Five!
Seeing this, Miao Lao then rushed to Chen Ping and said, “Mr Chen, thank you for stepping in, you’d better go, don’t care, you’re not their opponent ……”
Elder Miao knew that there was no way Chen Ping could be a match for the Five Heroes of South Place, after all, the other parties could all be at the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
How could Chen Ping, a sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, possibly deal with five peak Transitional Apparition Realm!
“Elder Miao, I’m in charge of this matter today, you don’t need to be afraid.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his hand violently exerted force, and the arm of that Five Warriors Boss was instantly snapped off!
“Ah …… kill him, kill him ……”
The Five Warriors Boss hissed!
When the other few people saw this, they rushed towards Chen Ping together!
Five peak experts of the Ferrying Realm, this kind of strength was something that even a newly promoted Mahayana Realm cultivator would not dare to touch!
However, Chen Ping did not have the slightest fear, his body’s aura instantly exploded, and the surrounding area was even more windy!
Everyone was stunned, a Transition Realm 6th ranked cultivator to take on five peak Transition Realm cultivators?
This was a joke, right?
However, looking at Chen Ping’s appearance, it did not seem like a joke!
Seeing that both sides were on the verge of a confrontation, suddenly a cold shout came out, “Stop, make a move on Pill God Island, don’t you want to live?”
Several figures came in a hurry and then landed in the middle of Chen Ping and that South Place Five!
“Don’t you five know the rules? How dare you explode your breath to have a big fight, are you guys trying to destroy this entire street?”
One of the law enforcement cultivators in green clothes said in a cold voice to the Five Warriors of South Square!
“Deacons, please be clear, it was this brat who made the first move, breaking my arm, and we were forced to make a move.”
The boss of the Five Warriors said as he lifted his arm that had been pinched and broken by Chen Ping!