“Everyone, don’t panic, let’s deal with this demonic snake together!”
Chen Ping shouted as he tried to stabilise the crowd.
However, the demonic snake did not give them a chance to catch their breath and attacked again. Its tail swept across, bringing up a gust of wind.
Chen Ping dodged the Demon Snake’s attack with a flash of his body, and at the same time, he condensed a ball of flame in his hand and threw it towards the Demon Snake.
The Demon Snake let out a roar of pain as it was struck by the flame, but it did not retreat, instead, it attacked the crowd even more frantically.
In the end, Chen Ping saw the right moment and stabbed the demonic snake’s vitals with his sword, and the demonic snake collapsed to the ground with a loud bang, turning into a cloud of black smoke and disappearing into thin air.
“Finally solved!”
The crowd all let out a sigh of relief.
However, this time, the crowd also knew that the treasures within the Pill Cauldron Mountain were not that easy to take, and if they were not good enough, they would lose their lives!
“This Pill Cauldron Mountain is full of dangers, if you feel that you are not strong enough, it is better to withdraw, so as not to worry about your life!”
Chen Ping kindly advised the several pill masters.
After this mental struggle, several pill masters had the intention to retreat, and after thanking Chen Ping, they turned around and walked out of the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, brought Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng to continue towards the depths of the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
At this time, a man and a woman among those cultivators just now quickly ran towards Chen Ping!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, wait a moment……”
A male cultivator shouted towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping turned his head to look at the man and woman and said with some confusion, “Is there something wrong with you guys?”
“Fellow Daoist Chen, we are also Pill Masters from the Central Region and members of the Pill Masters Association, I see that you follow our President Chen with a good friendship, I wonder if we can travel with you?”
The male cultivator asked to Chen Ping!
“Travelling with me?”Chen Ping frowned slightly!
And when that female cultivator saw this, she hurriedly spoke, “We are in no way following Fellow Daoist Chen to share things with him, everything we get at the Pill Cauldron Mountain belongs to Fellow Daoist Chen!”
“We only wish to follow Fellow Daoist Chen and be able to receive a few pointers from Fellow Daoist Chen, that would be a great benefit.”
“Right, right, right, Fellow Daoist Chen is young and talented, and he even cured Emperor Xiao’s strange illness, we only wish to follow Fellow Daoist Chen to be able to learn a little bit of useful medical skills!”The male cultivator also hurriedly said!
Chen Ping did not say anything, his brows were still tightly furrowed together!
Chen Ping knew that the more people he brought with him, the more pressure he would face, after all, these two pharmacists were not very strong and had to protect themselves!
“If it is difficult for Fellow Daoist Chen, then we will not bother.”
Seeing this, the male cultivator said with some loss!
“President Chen also told us that he wanted us to follow Fellow Daoist Chen to learn more, after all, we are all members of the Central Region Apothecary Guild, and an increase in our strength is equal to an increase in the strength of the Apothecary Guild!”
The female cultivator opened her mouth and said!
Chen Ping was speechless, emotionally this was a bit of moral abduction!
Chen Ping had indeed promised that he would follow the Central Region Apothecary Guild, not to mention that Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng had both joined the Central Region Apothecary Guild as well, and Chen Wenliang had agreed without hesitation!
Now that such two people had suddenly appeared, it made Chen Ping not know what to do for a moment!
After contemplating for a moment, Chen Ping spoke, “Fine, you two will follow me, but you also know how treacherous Pill Cauldron Mountain is now, if there really is any accident, I will not be responsible.”
“No problem!”These two all nodded happily!
Chen Ping helplessly led the two on their way!
Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng did not have any opinions, after all, they were all from the Central Region Apothecary Guild!
Along the way, Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng followed the two Pill Masters as they talked, and learnt from the conversation that the two Pill Masters were named Nie Lei and Nie Hong, brother and sister!
All of them were at the seventh level of the Transitional Realm, and to be able to cultivate to the seventh level of the Transitional Realm amongst pill masters, that was considered to be very powerful!