“Holy sh*t, senior, stop it, the Divine King Bow is exposed, if this gets out, I’m even going to be a target.”
Seeing that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch wanted to play with his Divine King Bow, Chen Ping hurriedly refused!
If he let one of the people from the Ghost Face Sect escape and spread the news that he had the Divine King Bow in his hand, it was expected that there would be even more people who wanted to kill him!
“Look at how petty you are, don’t worry, not even one person will leave here alive!”
After the Red Cloud Demon Lord finished speaking, he directly took out the Divine King Bow from Chen Ping’s storage ring!
“F*ck ……”
Chen Ping had a depressed look on his face, but there was no way to stop it!
Right now, this body of his was completely under the control of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, and Chen Ping could only cower his divine soul in his sea of consciousness and watch!
Elder Tu watched dumbfounded, seeing Chen Ping suddenly take out a longbow, then bending his bow and striking an arrow, the five types of Supreme Flames, each of the Supreme Flames surprisingly all coalesced into a single arrow that burned with a fiery flame!
Whoosh!
Only to see Chen Ping draw his bow to full capacity, the five arrows rushed out of the sky and then fell from mid-air!
But when they fell, they turned into a dense rain of arrows!
Those remaining Ghost Face Sect disciples were in a broken state of mind at this moment!
They wanted to dodge, but they didn’t know where to go to dodge when they looked at the arrows raining down from the sky!
“Don’t be afraid, don’t panic ……”
Elder Tu finally reacted, he knew that if these went on, they would all be wiped out!
Only to see Elder Tu waved his big hand, the mid-air was instantly filled with black mist, endless black mist, devouring that one arrow feather in it!
Seeing all the arrow feathers being swallowed, the corner of Elder Tu’s mouth instantly raised in an arc!
But before he could brag about it, within the black mist, colourful light suddenly flashed out!
Those arrow feathers that were swallowed, surprisingly all penetrated the black mist and quickly came towards the ground!
Seeing this, Elder Tu dodged in a panic, and those Ghost Face Sect disciples, hearing Elder Tu’s words, all stood dumbfounded, thinking that Elder Tu could block this attack.
But who knows, instead of blocking it, Elder Tu himself ran away!
By the time those Ghost Face Sect disciples reacted, countless arrow feathers had already fallen, shooting these Ghost Face Sect disciples into hedgehogs, one by one, they couldn’t die anymore!
“Hahaha, fun, too much fun ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord shouted!
He couldn’t even remember how many years it had been since he had been this painfully happy!
At this moment, there were only a few of the dozens of disciples from the Ghost Face Sect left alive, but they were all injured as well!
Elder Tu’s face turned green as he looked at those Ghostface Sect disciples who died tragically!
“I don’t care if you’re possessed by a demonic soul, I must kill you today!”
Elder Tu’s face was gloomy as he violently waved his hand, and a terrifying aura swept through like a hurricane!
The sky was filled with black mist, causing the entire Divine Volcano to be shrouded in darkness!
“A mere mole cricket wants to resist, then I will send you to hell!”
Chen Ping looked at the furious Elder Tu, his face filled with disdain!
Holding the God King’s Bow in his hand, he pulled hard!
This time, countless auras between heaven and earth surged towards the Divine King Bow!
Even the black mist that Elder Tu had erupted from was unexpectedly swept away at this moment!
The Divine King’s Bow erupted with a dazzling light as a golden arrow appeared!
Even the divine volcano and the flames within that magma river were surprisingly all absorbed and came!
The people who had already made it up to the Divine Volcano all looked at the direction below the mountain in surprise!
“What a pain in the arse ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was considered to be having a high time, but he had forgotten that Chen Ping’s body could not withstand this kind of eruption!
Only Chen Ping’s body began to ooze blood, and a single blood vessel became very visible!
“Senior, stop, stop, this fleshly body of mine is going to explode.”
Seeing this, Chen Ping was so frightened that he rushed to stop that Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
However, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had already killed his eyes long ago now, so he simply did not care!
Chen Ping was terrified and filled with chagrin, if he had known that this Red Cloud Demon Monarch wouldn’t listen, he wouldn’t have given up his flesh body to him!