The huge ball of light was also gradually fading, and in the end, only a figure could be seen suspended in mid-air!
“Mr Chen, Mr Chen is still ……”
Nie Heng shouted at the sight!
“Miracle, what a miracle ……”
Chen Wenliang couldn’t help but sigh!
With this kind of thunder, it was feared that people would have long since gone up in smoke, but Chen Ping was even still there!
I just don’t know, how is the current Chen Ping in the end, is he seriously injured, or is there only a body left!
Nie Lei and Nie Hong, the siblings, looked at Chen Ping in mid-air, their eyes were filled with shame, Chen Ping could have fought with all his might and his life in order to protect them!
However, the two of them, they betrayed Chen Ping for their own selfish interests and wanted to put Chen Ping to death, was this still human?
“Chen Ping …………”
Liu Ruyan leapt up and headed towards Chen Ping!
“Missy ……” Nie Heng wanted to block, but failed to do so!
Ruyan Liu rushed over regardless, while Chen Ping fell straight towards the ground at this time!
Boom!
The body smashed heavily into the ground, directly smashing the ground out of a deep pit!
Ruyan Liu’s face was filled with nervousness as she rushed forward to check!
Everyone else’s complexion was also steeply tightened, everyone in the four corners of the room held their breath and stared, their hearts thumping.
None of them knew what happened to Chen Ping, and they were all sweating for Chen Ping!
Liu Ruyan hugged Chen Ping, and seeing that Chen Ping’s eyes were tightly closed and his body all had a burnt smell, he burst into tears!
“Chen Ping …………”
Liu Ruyan carried Chen Ping to Chen Wenliang and the others!
“Fellow Daoist Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping in this state, everyone gathered around!
Chen Wenliang hurriedly checked, then yelled, “Everyone take out all kinds of medicinal herbs that you have on you, and give them to Fellow Daoist Chen for healing!”
Upon hearing Chen Wenliang’s words, everyone unreservedly opened their storage pouches and took out anything that could be useful inside!
Chen Wenliang, on the other hand, began to refine the pills, throwing all these Immortal Herbs into the alchemy furnace brainlessly!
He knew that Chen Ping was very weak right now, and what he needed was a large amount of elixir that replenished his spiritual energy!
This kind of elixir did not have any technical content, only that it required a large amount of immortal herbs to make it work!
After giving the refined elixir to Chen Ping, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes!
“Chen Ping, you’re awake ……”
Seeing Chen Ping awake, Ruyan Liu said happily!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you’ve finally woken up, if anything happens to you, I’m afraid that all of us will have to feel guilty for the rest of our lives.”
Chen Wenliang also breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that Chen Ping had woken up!
“I told you, I won’t die ……,” Chen Ping got up and checked his body, the lightning power in his body was all absorbed by the Origin Star!
“Thanks to President Chen, who collected everyone’s immortal herbs and refined pills for you, you woke up this time!
Ruyan Liu said!
“This ……” Chen Ping did not expect that Chen Wenliang would do!
“The lives of all of us are saved by fellow Daoist Chen, what’s the point of taking out some immortal herbs!”
Chen Wenliang said with a faint smile!
“President, those who were injured are now starting to deteriorate!”
At this time, a pharmacist ran to follow Chen Wenliang and said!
Upon hearing this, Chen Wenliang hurriedly walked over to check, and Chen Ping followed!
A dozen or so pill masters, injured by the thunder, although not fatal, if they were delayed like this, they were afraid that they would all be wasted!
“Hurry up and heal ah ……”
Chen Wenliang said!
“President, we’ve taken out all our immortal herbs, there’s no way to heal them now!”
A pharmacist reminded!
Chen Wenliang froze, then remembered that he had just given all the immortal herbs to Chen Ping to use!
Chen Ping checked the injuries of those pharmacists and said to Chen Wenliang, “President Chen, this Medicine Tripod Mountain needs Immortal Herbs, so bring someone to look for some to come, it’s not too late!”
“Good, I’ll go now!”
Chen Wenliang nodded and immediately led his men to search for the immortal herbs!