“Mr Chen, these are all mined from the Immortal Spirit Stone vein ah!”
Criminal Dao Rong looked at Chen Ping in disbelief, not understanding why Chen Ping was so excited!
That Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, Chen Ping also knew about it!
“Mining so fast? Are the veins all mined out?”
Chen Ping frowned!
Although the Immortal Spirit Stone vein was discovered, the content of the vein was not high, and with this 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones being mined, it was estimated that the vein would be ruined!
“No, the vein discovered this time does not seem to have a high content on the surface, but it was only after mining it down that I realised that the entire mountain is filled with Immortal Spirit Stones.”
“With a conservative estimate, a million Immortal Spirit Stones won’t even stop there.”
Ding Daorong grinned and said!
“What?”Chen Ping excitedly grabbed Xing Daorong’s arm, “You’re not lying to me, right?”
More than a million Immortal Spirit Stones?
Chen Ping only dared to brag up to a million even when he was bragging!
“Mr Chen, how would I dare to lie to you, now I’ve already deployed additional manpower to mine overnight, if Mr Chen still needs Immortal Spirit Stones, I’ll send them to you in a couple of days!”
Criminal Daorong said with a serious face!
Chen Ping realised that Xing Daorong was not lying to himself, so he took a deep breath and tried his best to calm himself down, then said, “When I need it, I will naturally contact you, next time when you are delivering Immortal Spirit Stones, remember to bring more people.”
“So many Immortal Spirit Stones, it’s no joke, nowadays many cultivators are willing to be even dogs for Immortal Spirit Stones.”
“And the matter of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, don’t leak it out, keep it strictly confidential!”
Chen Ping was afraid that the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein would leak out, and at that time, there would definitely be many people travelling to Beast City!
Although the Beast City was surrounded by illusionary formations, and no one would be able to easily enter inside, but there were people outside of people, and there was a sky outside of the sky, and there would be formation experts amongst the hidden forces of the Celestial Realm!
Once the illusion formation around Beast City was broken, then Beast City would be doomed!
“Don’t worry, Mr Chen, there won’t be another person who will be able to leave the confines of Beast City.”
Hind Daorong nodded his head and said!
“Good, then you go back!”Chen Ping waved his hand and let Xing Daorong go back!
Chen Ping himself took the 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones and went to the Lin Kefan trio with a small song across his heart!
Seeing Chen Ping arrive, Lin Kefan then hurriedly asked, “Brother Chen, have the immortal spirit stones arrived?”
Chen Ping nodded and casually tossed the storage bag to Lin Kefan: “This is one hundred thousand immortal spirit stones, you three watch and share it ……”
“In the future, feel free to mix with me, I guarantee that you will eat and drink ……”
Lin Kefan opened the storage bag half-heartedly, and when he saw that it was really 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones inside, he was completely dumbfounded!
Flower Staff Weng and Mo Killing Shadow were also both looking at the storage bag with glowing eyes!
To know, they were just little followers beside Lin Kefan, where were they qualified to follow Lin Kefan to share resources ah!
Not to mention that this was an immortal spirit stone, which they were not qualified to get if they were in Sun Moon City!
“You …… you really got 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones ah?”
Lin Kefan said in shock!
“Of course, I’ve always been a man of my word, what I say, I can definitely do.”
“A mere hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, what’s all the fuss about.”
Chen Ping said in a very pretentious manner!
Lin Kefan looked at Chen Ping’s appearance, although he looked like a pretender, he looked so comfortable at the moment!
After all, 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones were in front of him, he wasn’t pretending, he was really bullish!
“Then this hundred thousand immortal spirit stones, I’ll be polite ……”
Lin Kefan said and put away the storage bag!
“You’re not giving him two shares?”Chen Ping asked!
“The two of them don’t need it!”Lin Kefan finished speaking and looked towards the Flower Staff Weng and Ink Killing Shadow and asked, “Do you two want to share?”
“No, no!”Although the two also wanted it, they didn’t dare to disobey Lin Kefan!
After all, he was the master and the two of them were just servants!