Because every night, Zhu Zhi Shan would come to this cell!
Su Yuqi’s cell was well appointed and whatever the treatment was, it was the best, the only drawback was that it didn’t see the sunlight and had no freedom.
When Zhu Zhishan entered the room, Su Yuqi mechanically got up, took off her jacket, and then revealed her snow-white arms.
On Su Yuqi’s arm, there were large and small needle holes everywhere!
Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything, he took out a syringe and stuck it on, and soon blood was sucked out along the syringe.
Su Yuqi watched as her blood was sucked out, and had long since lost her expression.
She was already used to it!
After the blood was sucked out, Zhu Zhishan placed a pill on the table.
It was for tonic with Su Yuqi’s body. Zhu Zhishan knew that Su Yuqi was a treasure and would not do anything to dry up.
Zhu Zhishan put the blood away, then turned around and prepared to walk out of the cell!
Just then, Su Yuqi spoke up.
“How is he doing, Chen Ping?”
Su Yuqi asked as she turned to Zhu Zhishan.
Su Yuqi hadn’t opened her mouth for a long time, but today she suddenly spoke.
Zhu Zhishan said as he walked outside, “Still alive ……”
After knowing that Chen Ping was still alive, Su Yuqi heaved a sigh of relief.
Zhu Zhishan took Su Yuqi’s blood and walked straight to the depths of the dungeon.
The depths of the dungeon were filled with all kinds of unpleasant smells.
After reaching the innermost cell, Zhu Zhishan threw in the freshly drawn blood.
Immediately afterwards, a loud gulping sound could be heard from inside the dark cell.
The sounds soon stopped, followed by a hoarse voice coming out, “Has that Chen Ping been killed?”
“Not yet, Ning Hai of the Ning Family has rushed to the south to kill Chen Ping, so I have postponed our a*sa*sination mission.”
Zhu Zhishan replied.
“Well, remember, Chen Ping must not be kept, this son will definitely be the biggest hidden danger in the future.”
The hoarse voice said.
Zhu Zhishan opened his mouth, as if he wanted to say something but did not, and finally turned around and left.
…………
Early in the morning, Chen Ping got up and followed Ji Ru Xue and the girls to say goodbye!
Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min reluctantly sent Chen Ping to the entrance of the Red Lotus Palace!
“Big brother Chen, don’t forget what you said, you must come and see us sometime ……”
Xiaomin said to Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, I will for sure!”
Chen Ping gently stroked Xiao Min’s head, and after taking a glance at Ji Ru Xue, he turned around and was about to leave.
But before Chen Ping could even take a step, his entire body froze, and his brows randomly furrowed Avray.
Only to see a strong aura coming in, coming in an encircling stance.
Among them was an aura that was so strong that the entire Red Lotus Palace was enveloped by this strong aura, which seemed to be deliberately like this, in order to prevent the people inside the Red Lotus Palace from escaping.
Ji Ru Xue and almost all of the people in the Red Lotus Palace felt this terrifying pressure, and their faces changed greatly.
Soon, several people could be seen arriving at the entrance of the Red Lotus Palace, and one of them, a middle-aged man with a cold face, swept a glance before asking Chen Ping, “Are you Chen Ping?”
Chen Ping nodded, and then asked, “What are you?”
“Ning Hai Hai …….”
The middle-aged man replied.
Boom!
Chen Ping’s scalp numbed, he had not expected that this Ning Zhi’s father had actually come out of seclusion and found his way here.
Feeling the aura on Ning Dahai’s body, it was obvious that he was not sure how much stronger than that Fei Qingping.
With such strength, Chen Ping was really not sure how to deal with it.
“Your son can’t beat me, now it’s old me instead ……”
Although Chen Ping was worried that he was not a match for Ning Hai, he could not lose in terms of momentum, so he said with a cold smile on his face.
“Kid, you cut the f*cking crap, today I am here to take revenge, you destroyed my Ning family and hurt my son, I will cut you into pieces ……”
Ning Hai had a grim look on his face as the aura on his body continued to explode.