“Brother Dong …………”
At this time, the three people who had just followed Chen Ping in speaking also walked over.
“Xin Pengfei, I didn’t expect you to come too!”
Dong Jiahao shot a glance at the leader and said with a contemptuous face.
Looking at Dong Jiahao’s expression, Xin Pengfei only smiled lightly, “This kind of good thing, of course we can’t let it go, this time we can follow Brother Chen Ping and see what Brother Chen Ping is capable of, we are also considered lucky in three lives.”
“Brother Chen Ping is now the number one in the Free Ranking, he is considered the leader of the younger generation, almost all the geniuses of the younger generation have been overshadowed by Brother Chen Ping!”
Xin Pengfei was bragging about Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not have any change in expression, but the name sounded familiar to him, but he could not recall it for a while.
As Dong Jiahao listened to Xin Pengfei’s praise, he laughed coldly, “When you first placed a battle note on the martial arts forum, why didn’t you say that brother Chen Ping was the top ranker? How about being the number one in the Prosperity Ranking?”
After Dong Jiahao finished his words, Chen Ping instantly remembered that it was the guy in front of him who had wanted to follow him in a bout on New Year’s Day back in the Martial Dao Forum.
When Xin Pengfei was asked by Dong Jiahao, he immediately looked a little embarra*sed, “I was just joking at that time, how could I be a match for Brother Chen Ping with this skill.”
“Hum ……” Dong Jiahao coldly snorted and directly pulled Chen Ping to the side, looking like he did not want to pay any attention to Xin Pengfei and the others.
“Brother Chen Ping, you should pay less attention to this grandson Xin Pengfei in the future, this guy is a wallflower, full of bad intentions ……”
Dong Jiahao barked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “I don’t know him, and I don’t want to make acquaintance even more ……”
Just as Chen Ping was talking after Dong Jiahao, there was a sudden commotion among the crowd, followed by the crowd automatically flashing a path.
Chen Ping saw that a girl slowly walked into the crowd, the girl looked beautiful and carried an aura of immortal wind.
That aura made many people look dumbfounded, especially when the aura emanating from the girl was actually at the Martial Marquis realm as well!
This made Chen Ping a little surprised, that a girl so young could cultivate to the Martial Marquis realm, it was a little unbelievable!
Chen Ping wanted to ask Dong Jiahao who this girl was, but he saw that Dong Jiahao had long since looked straight at her, his mouth slightly open and his harrumphs coming out.
“Brother Dong, Brother Dong ……”
Chen Ping gently pushed Dong Jiahao twice, and Dong Jiahao instantly came to his senses.
Hastily wiping the corner of his mouth, Dong Jiahao said with a brilliant light in his eyes, “Brother Chen Ping, I’m afraid this trial is going to be lively, do you know who this girl is?”
Chen Ping shook his head in bewilderment, he didn’t know this girl at all.
“This girl is called Ge Jiayi, she is the pearl of the Ge family, she has already reached the Martial Marquis realm at the age of nineteen, a proper genius, of all the young women in the entire Kyoto martial arts world, this Ge Jiayi should be the strongest.”
“Not only was she talented, but she was also beautiful and spoke with a fairy aura.
“But then Ge Jiayi went into seclusion for many years, and people slowly stopped going crazy, but I didn’t expect that Ge Jiayi would come to participate in the trial today!”
The more Dong Jiahao said, the more excited he became, and his eyes never left Ge Jiayi’s body.
The participants of the trial were all the sons of the major sects and families, or the role models of the younger generation, and now that they saw Ge Jiayi appear, they were all wide-eyed!
“Miss Ge, I didn’t expect you to be out of the gate!”
At this point, Xin Pengfei took the lead and went forward, following Ge Jiayi with a greeting.
Ge Jiayi also nodded politely towards Xin Pengfei: “I haven’t seen you for a few years, you’ve now become the number one on the Prosperity Ranking.”