“No, it’s impossible, big brother Chen won’t die ……”
Xiao Min cried out in pain, desperately shaking Chen Ping’s body, “Big brother Chen, wake up, wake up ……”
But no matter what Minnie did, Chen Ping’s eyes were tightly closed and he didn’t move a muscle!
Ji Ru Xue bit her lips to death, she was sad and wanted to cry out, but in front of the Red Lotus Palace crowd, she was the Palace Master, she couldn’t be the same as Xiao Min.
“Someone, carry Mr. Chen inside ……”
Ji Ru Xue sent people to carry Chen Ping inside the Red Lotus Palace!
At this moment, Chen Ping was laid out in the middle of Ji Ru Xue’s courtyard, and Ji Ru Xue dismissed all the people!
Ji Ru Xue gave Xiao Min a potion and sent her off to rest and stabilise.
Alone, Ji Ru Xue faced Chen Ping, brought a basin of water and began to slowly wipe Chen Ping’s body.
Tears slid down Ji Ruxue’s face, although she had known Chen Ping for a very short time, Ji Ruxue knew that Chen Ping had long since lived in her heart.
“Don’t worry, I will wipe you clean and won’t let you go like this ……”
Ji Ru Xue murmured as she wiped!
And at this time, Chen Ping’s entire body felt like it was in a state of chaos.
He wanted to open his eyes and try to control his body, but he simply couldn’t do it.
It was as if consciousness and body had become detached.
“Could it be that I’m really dead?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with white chaos, and he was now confused as to whether he was alive or dead.
I don’t know how long it took, but Chen Ping’s body was wiped clean by Ji Ruxue.
Ji Ruxue, an untried girl, threw away her shame and wiped Chen Ping’s entire body.
It was night time and the full moon was rising.
Ji Ruxue still sat dumbly beside Chen Ping, just sitting quietly, watching him quietly.
Until midnight, Ji Ruxue still did not move!
Several elders had called her several times to go and rest, but Ji Ru Xue did not move at all.
A breeze blew by and suddenly a soft moonlight shone on Chen Ping’s body.
The dantian inside Chen Ping’s body was healing, while the broken golden pellet did not come together, but kept changing, and soon the fragment of the golden pellet actually transformed into a tiny golden man that towered above Chen Ping’s dantian.
Boom …………
Chen Ping, who had been in the midst of chaos, suddenly felt a brightness before his eyes.
When he opened his eyes, he found that a soft moonlight was shining on his body.
Chen Ping was a little surprised, he did not know how much time had pa*sed and turned his head slightly to look and found Ji Ru Xue sitting beside him.
Ji Ruxue’s eyes were very red, and she had obviously been crying for a long time.
“With you gone, in this life, I probably won’t be in love with any man.”
“You are the only man who has ever moved me, and the only man who has truly helped me without lusting after my body.”
“When tomorrow comes, I will bury you in style, and bury you here in the Red Lotus Palace.”
“Don’t worry about it, I will visit you every day and burn paper for you ……”
Ji Ru Xue’s gaze was dull as she murmured to herself!
She didn’t even notice that Chen Ping had opened his eyes at this moment.
“If you like me so much, why do you still want to bury me alive?”
Chen Ping looked at Ji Ru Xue and said with a faint smile.
Chen Ping had already heard from Ji Ru Xue’s words that they had all thought that he was dead.
In fact, Chen Ping himself had thought he was dead, but did not want to come back to life.
Chen Ping’s words caused Ji Ru Xue to be instantly startled and jumped straight up from her chair.
When she saw that Chen Ping was actually looking at herself and was smiling, Ji Ruxue froze.
After a long moment, Ji Ru Xue reacted and jumped headlong into Chen Ping’s arms.