“Senior, what’s your realm?”
Chen Ping asked the Red Cloud Demon Lord!
“I’m not in any realm, don’t ask…” the Red Cloud Demon Lord snapped, sounding peeved!
Chen Ping was puzzled. It was just a question about his realm, why the temper?
But if he didn’t want to talk, Chen Ping wouldn’t push!
“Let’s get out of here first!” Chen Ping said.
Hu Mazi and Xiu Rui both nodded!
The three of them shot upward, surrounded by black mist with no sense of direction, so up was their only option, hoping to break free of this place!
Luckily, there were no restrictions here, and Chen Ping’s group could fly freely!
They soared upward, with Hu Mazi leading the charge, smashing through who-knows-how-many cages along the way!
It seemed that since awakening his memories, his strength had skyrocketed!
Chen Ping wasn’t even a match for him now!
They kept going for ages, but it felt like the place had no end. The scenery remained the same, black mist and cages everywhere!
“Keep this up, and we’ll exhaust ourselves before finding a way out!”
Hu Mazi rolled his eyes as he griped!
“This won’t do. We need to find the exit. Aimless flying’s getting us nowhere!”
Chen Ping knew this wasn’t working and spoke up!
“But we don’t even know where the exit is,” Xiu Rui pointed out!
“I’ll see if I can burn this bloody place down!”
Chen Ping decided to use his Supreme Fire to torch the whole area!
Sure, being roasted by Supreme Fire in here would be miserable, but if it meant burning the place down and escaping, it’d be worth it!
“Friend Chen, if you start a fire, you won’t burn us all to a crisp, will you?”
Xiu Rui asked, a bit nervous!
Though he was stronger than Chen Ping, he didn’t dare underestimate him!
“No worries, it won’t kill us!”
Chen Ping said, and flames leapt from his palm. The fused Supreme Fire blazed with searing heat.
With a fierce swing, Chen Ping filled the heavens with fire!
The blaze roared to life!
In moments, the black mist around them was gone, replaced by swirling flames.
Soon, screams echoed, likely from those trapped in cages, unable to withstand the fire’s heat!
“Friend Chen, there must be loads of people locked up here, right?” Xiu Rui asked.
“Chen Ping, your fire won’t roast everyone in the cages, will it?”
Hu Mazi chimed in!
“Nah, my Supreme Fire only targets demons. Human monks won’t be harmed!”
Chen Ping reassured them!
He knew the cages held human monks, so he’d planned for that!
The Supreme Fire he’d unleashed was aimed solely at demons!
Those screams were from demon monks!
Amid the cries, waves of icy yin energy surged, trying to fend off the heat!
But that yin energy couldn’t hold a candle to the terrifying Supreme Fire!
In just a few breaths, the yin energy vanished!
And right before Chen Ping’s eyes, a vortex appeared, sucking in the Supreme Fire and forming a fiery tornado!
Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, “Let’s go, that’s probably the exit!”
With that, he led Hu Mazi and Xiu Rui straight for the vortex!
At the same time, the Supreme Fire faded, and their bodies were pulled into the vortex!
“Watch out, the yin aura here’s heavy!”
Chen Ping warned Hu Mazi and Xiu Rui!
Just as he spoke, black mist erupted around the vortex, with ghostly faces forming in its midst, looking downright terrifying!
“Hmph, think you can stop us?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, summoning his Dragon-Slaying Sword, its blade wreathed in blazing fire!
Yin entities like these feared Supreme Fire most of all.
*Boom, boom, boom!*
Chen Ping swung several times, his sword qi laced with Supreme Fire, shattering the ghostly faces in an instant!