Seeing the expressions on the three pharmacists’ faces, Ji Lian Jun knew everything in his heart!
“Cheng’er, arrest these three fellows, daring to come to our Ji Family to harm people, I will make their lives worse than death ……”
Ji Lian Jun said with an incomparably angry face!
“Good!” Ji Cheng nodded, then greeted the people and arrested those three pharmacists!
The pharmacists did not have much strength in the first place, so they were subdued without even resisting!
At this moment, the three pharmacists completely panicked and hurriedly looked towards Ji Lianying and said “Second Master Ji help, Second Master Ji save us ah ……”
Ji Lianying’s face was very ugly as he looked at the three pharmacists and said “You three bast*rds, you dare to harm my father, and you still want me to save you, you’re delusional ……”
“Take the three of them out and directly let them fly into ashes ……”
“Second Master Ji, you can’t do this, this is ……” A pharmacist desperately struggled and hissed loudly!
But before the words were finished, that Ji Lianying suddenly waved his hand, and a breath instantly penetrated that pharmacist’s chest, and in the end, that pharmacist didn’t even finish his sentence before he directly died!
Seeing their own companions died, the remaining two pharmacists froze, followed by a face of anger, cursing at Ji Lianying “Good you ruthless guy, we do all these things, but it is all your account, now you even ……”
Bang Bang …………
Ji Lianying’s face changed drastically and instantly swung out two more palms, slapping the remaining two pharmacists to death!
Seeing that Ji Lianying had killed all three Pill Masters, Ji Lian Jun’s face became incomparably ugly!
“Big brother, don’t listen to these guys’ nonsense, they are just spitting blood, although these three guys were found by me, but how they were diagnosed, I don’t know ah, I don’t know any medical skills either.”
Ji Lianying hurriedly followed his elder brother and explained!
Although he had his heart set on replacing Ji Lian Jun and sitting in the position of the family head, but now was not the time, he had to hold back!
Ji Lianjun looked at Ji Lianying, his anger was already burning, he didn’t think that this younger brother of his would dare to do something that would mutilate his own father.
Only that Ji Lian Jun could not do anything right now, at the very least, in front of his own father, he could not do anything!
“Mr Chen, I am amused, I wonder if you can really cure my father’s illness?”
After Chen Ping had revealed the three pharmacists, Ji Lian Jun’s attitude towards Chen Ping had changed quite a bit!
“Don’t worry, Family Master Ji, since I dare to say it, it will definitely be fine, it’s just that the few flavours of Immortal Herbs that I need are harder to find.”
Chen Ping said with full confidence!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, we have a medical centre within this Yellow Blue City with a Pill Zun in attendance, he has all kinds of herbs there.”
Ji Lian Jun said!
Chen Ping nodded, then wrote out a prescription and handed it over to Ji Lian Jun!
Ji Lian Jun then took the prescription and looked at it, then gave it to Ji Cheng and said “Cheng’er, you immediately follow the prescription and personally go and grab the medicine ……”
“Yes!” Ji Cheng took the prescription and left!
“Lianying, there is nothing wrong with father now, you take the people and leave, let father be quiet for a while!”
Ji Lian Jun said to Ji Lian Ying!
“Okay!”
Ji Lianying didn’t dare to say anything and directly left with his sons and daughters!
Right after Ji Lianying and the others left, Ji Lian Jun looked at Ji Yun and said “Xian nephew, you can take a good look at your grandfather now ……”
Ji Yun nodded and then flung himself on the bed, unable to stop the tears from flowing from his eyes!
The old master lying on the bed, seems to feel something, forcefully opened his eyes, but also only opened a little, looked at Ji Yun, and then closed!
Because at this moment, the old master of the Ji family’s body was really too weak, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping, this old master of the Ji family might not be able to resist today!