“Who asked you to hug ……” Gu Ling’er gave Chen Ping a blank look.
At this time Wu Mei’er and Xiao Ru walked over, both of them were also wearing swimming costumes, although Xiao Ru was a little younger, but after not seeing her for a few months, Chen Ping noticed that Xiao Ru had also grown up quite a bit.
“Big brother Chen …………”
After seeing Chen Ping, Xiao Ru shouted with a happy face.
“Xiao Ru, how did you get together with them? Where is Daoist Wu Wei?”
Chen Ping was very strange, at that time the Thunderclap View was destroyed, Xiao Ru’s father Daoist Master Bu Xu was killed, in the end it was Chen Ping who took revenge, then Daoist Wu Wei took Xiao Ru’s away, how come now Xiao Ru appeared here again.
“Uncle Wu Wei is in seclusion, I am …………”
“Well, go back and talk if you have something to say, there are too many people here ……”
Su Yuqi pulled Chen Ping a hand, and Xiao Ru also kept her mouth shut when she saw this.
At this time, the crowd on the beach, seeing Chen Ping surrounded by four girls and leaving together, all envious, one could not wait to swallow Chen Ping alive.
“Chen Ping, where is my sister? Aren’t you with her? She’s not still staying at the Miao Village, is she?”
On the road, Wu Mei’er asked Chen Ping.
“Your sister has already left the Miao Village, and your parents were really killed by that Miao King ……”
Chen Ping told the matter of the Miao Village after Wu Mei’er, and told the grudge of her parents following the Miao King as well.
Along the way, Wu Mei’er listened but did not speak, not knowing what she was thinking, but her face did not show any sadness, after all, since she grew up, she had never seen what her parents looked like, so there was no emotion.
Chen Ping followed Su Yuqi and the girls to a hotel, which was the same one Chen Ping had just come to, but Su Yuqi and the girls had come early, so they had booked a room.
After taking Chen Ping upstairs, Su Yuqi knocked on the door of a room.
When the room door opened, Chen Ping found that the person who opened the door was none other than Long Wu, and behind Long Wu, there was another person, causing Chen Ping to freeze for a moment.
“Old …… Old Dragon Head?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open and his face was full of incredulity, he could not imagine how the old dragon leader could be here?
Ever since he was released from prison, Chen Ping had never seen the old dragon head again, once Chen Ping wanted to go inside the prison to look for the old dragon head, and even through relations to try to fix the old dragon head out, but the result is that there is no old dragon head this person inside the prison, at that time Chen Ping still wondered!
But now he didn’t want Old Leader to appear here, and he was obviously following Su Yuqi and the girls.
“Come in and talk ……”
Long Wu shouted, which woke up the shocked Chen Ping and hurriedly walked into the room.
Looking at the room full of people, Chen Ping had long been dumbfounded, and he now desperately needed someone to explain things to him.
The old dragon head turned towards Xiao Ru and said, “Xiao Ru, take the others to the next room, I’ll follow Chen Ping and have some words to talk about ……”
Xiao Ru nodded, and then took Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to the next room.
Just after Su Yuqi and the girls left, Old Dragon Head and Dragon Five suddenly knelt down in front of Chen Ping.
This sudden change of events directly confused Chen Ping, and he hurriedly helped Long Wu and Old Dragon Head up.
“Uncle Long, Old Dragon Head, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping had a puzzled look on his face.
“Young master, it has come to this day, it is time for me to tell you about your own life ……”
The old dragon head looked at Chen Ping and suddenly had hot tears in his eyes as he slowly followed Chen Ping and told him about his origins.
Chen Ping listened quietly, although he had already had a hint of preparation in his heart, but when he heard the old dragon head say it, Chen Ping was still shocked.
It turned out that Chen Ping himself had expected correctly, he had the bloodline of the Dragon Family in him, his mother was the second princess of the Dragon Family, Long Ruotong, while this old dragon head was the steward of the Dragon Family, and Long Wu was Chen Ping’s mother’s guard.