When Wei Qing walked out, Qian Xiu and the others immediately greeted him!
“Senior brother, how did it go, what did Elder Cui say?”
Qian Xiu asked!
“Elder Cui told that Lu San not to be allowed to test for inner disciples for thirty years, and Liu Sh*tong was fined three years.”
Wei Qing said!
“What about the test, we should be considered to have passed it as well, right?”
Someone asked!
It was so hard to make it to the last hurdle, and it wasn’t every inner sect assessment that had this kind of luck!
“The assessment is null and void, Elder Cui will repair the assessment formation again, so we’ll wait for the notification at that time!”
Wei Qing helplessly shook his head and said!
“Ah …… the assessment is nullified ah?”
“What a waste of this time for nothing.”
“We were lucky this time, we didn’t expect something like this to happen.”
Upon hearing that the assessment was nullified, numerous disciples began to complain!
And Chen Ping also frowned, if he could not be promoted to inner disciple, there was no way for him to move around in the inner sect area, and it was even more unlikely that he would be able to meet that old sect master!
Now that the assessment was nullified, if he re-assessed, he didn’t know how long he would have to wait until the year of the monkey!
“Senior brother, I remember you said that there is another way to become an inner sect disciple, and that is to be recommended by the elders, with three elders recommending it right?”
Chen Ping asked Wei Qing!
Wei Qing nodded, then his face was full of worry: “Senior brother, this Elder Recommendation is not that easy, not to mention that you have just entered the Purple Flame Sect, you have not even been an outer disciple, if you want to use the Elder Recommendation method, I am afraid that it will not work at all!”
Chen Ping was a little deflated when he heard this!
“Junior Brother, don’t be discouraged, although you can’t be recommended by the Elders, there is still a way to be promoted to Inner Sect Disciple.”
Qian Xiu said!
“What way?” Chen Ping’s eyes lit up!
“Senior Sister Qian, are you trying to say a ring challenge?”
Wei Qing asked!
“Yeah, if you succeed in the challenge, you can also be promoted to inner disciple.”
Qian Xiu nodded!
“Forget it, the sect hasn’t seen a single successful challenge in hundreds of years, you’re just looking for death if you let junior apprentice brother go and challenge ah.”
Wei Qing shook his head and said!
“Senior brother, how to challenge? Challenge who ah?”
“Could it be that if you challenge and win that inner disciple, you can be promoted?”
Chen Ping asked suspiciously!
“Where is it that easy, if one challenges an inner sect disciple then it would be much easier, then Lu San wouldn’t have to wait so many years.”
“It is necessary to challenge the sect’s deacon disciple, and only after defeating the deacon disciple can one become an inner disciple.”
“You can think about it, how could an outer sect disciple challenge a successful deacon disciple?”
“Every time he challenges, the deacon disciple will go all out, or else if he is successfully challenged, then he will not have the face to stay in the Violet Flame Sect.”
“The Purple Flame Sect has been around for hundreds of years, and although there are challengers almost every year, there has never been a single successful one, instead many have been beaten into oblivion.”
“This kind of challenge is too dangerous, so I didn’t tell you about it.”
Wei Qing followed Chen Ping’s narration!
“Senior brother, I want to challenge, I wonder how do I need to sign up for this challenge?”
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he became interested!
He was sure that he would be able to succeed in the challenge, although Chen Ping did not want to expose his strength too early, but in order to enter the inner sect, Chen Ping would have to challenge in order to do so!
“Senior brother, you are only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, if you challenge, you will definitely lose.”
“You have to know that the minimum strength of a deacon disciple is the sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm!”
“That Liu Sh*tong is already at the eighth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, and with a little time, he will reach the ninth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm.”
“Do you think you can defeat them?”
Wei Qing persuaded Chen Ping!
“Senior brother, how do you know unless you try? Even if it’s that Liu Sh*tong, I feel like I can defeat him!”
Chen Ping said confidently!