Kyoto, a restaurant!
Many martial artists like to come here to eat and chat for fun!
Just as the crowd was eating and chatting, two curvaceous and very beautiful looking girls walked into the restaurant!
Just as the two girls walked into the restaurant, they attracted the attention of many people.
The two girls didn’t care about the stares of the crowd and directly found a place to sit down.
These two girls were Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan, and the two of them had not come here to eat, they had a purpose.
After sitting down, Xiaolan and Wu Mei’er’s eyes went to the two middle-aged men who were eating not far away, next door.
These two men both exuded the aura of Martial Sects, and the clothes they wore were embroidered with the word Ning on the sleeves!
This was the unique clothing of the Ning family, and it was clear that these two middle-aged men were both members of the Ning family!
“Two ladies, what would you like to eat?”
At this moment, a waiter came over and asked Xiao Lan and Wu Mei’er.
“Oh, sorry, we’re waiting for someone, we’re ordering when they arrive later!”
Xiao Lan said towards the waiter.
The waiter didn’t say anything either, so he turned around and left.
However, Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan’s eyes were still staring at the two Ning family members.
Those two Ning family members also felt someone staring at them, so they turned their heads to look at Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan.
Upon seeing the two girls staring at them, the two Ning family members looked at each other before the corners of their mouths curled up into a bad smile, then they simultaneously got up and sat down at the table with Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan.
“Two little sisters, do you mind if we sit here and eat together?”
A member of the Ning family said.
“Of course I don’t mind, someone is paying the bill, still mind ……”
Xiaolan smiled slightly and threw a wink towards the Ning family member sitting next to her!
Just this time, that Ning family member’s eyes instantly lit up, followed by a smiling look at Xiao Lan.
The Ning family member who was sitting next to Wu Mei’er was also mesmerised by a winks from Wu Mei’er.
“Two big brothers, there are a lot of people here, let’s go to a nice place, okay?”
Seeing the appearance of these two Ning family members, Xiao Lan knew that they had been caught in the charm technique and spoke.
“Good good ……”
The two people nodded their heads repeatedly.
Soon, Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan, led the two Ning family members out of the restaurant.
When walking to an alleyway, Gu Ling’er suddenly flashed out.
Then with a wave of the dagger in her hand, the two Ning family members instantly fell into a pool of blood.
After killing the two Ning family members, Gu Ling’er and the girls hurriedly fled and started looking for their next target.
They would use this method to kill the Ning family members little by little.
In two days’ time, using this method, Gu Ling’er and the girls had actually killed a dozen people from the Ning Family.
At this moment, within the Ning Family’s hall, Ning Hai kept walking back and forth, a little uneasy in his heart.
In just two days, more than a dozen people from the Ning Family had died!
He didn’t know who in Kyoto was actually targeting their Ning Family!
In the entire martial arts world of Kyoto, there would never be many clans and families that would dare to target their Ning Family in such a way.
“Rubbish, all a bunch of rubbish, two days have pa*sed, can’t they find out any clues at all?”
Ning Hai shouted angrily at some of the senior members of the Ning Family.
These people lowered their heads, no one dared to speak.
“Dad, the other party in this matter is obviously targeting our Ning Family, and I’ve investigated, the other party could be two women!”
Ning Zhi said to Ning Hai.
“Two women?” Ning Dahai frowned, “There are Martial Sects present among these people we’ve killed, which woman is so strong?”
“These two women are not strong, among these dozen people we lost, there were only two Martial Zongs, and after we raised our guard, the ones they struck were just some Grand Masters.”
“From this, we can see that they are not strong, and the reason why they were able to kill two of our Martial Sects in the first place was most likely because they used beauty to seduce and make our people lose their guard!”
Ning Zhi carefully analysed.
“Then go and investigate, find these two women no matter what, I want to see who is actually targeting our Ning Family ……”
Ning Hai roared angrily.
Ning Zhi nodded and immediately led his men to investigate!