“I know, I know ……” Fan Jiang nodded repeatedly before turning around and kneeling down directly to Chen Ping: “In the future, I am willing to follow Mr. Chen and help you find those few relics!”
Chen Ping looked at this Fan Jiang’s soul in front of him in amazement, feeling as if he was in a dream!
“Chen Ping, put him away, maybe you can use him later ……”
Mr. Shi said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded, opened his storage ring, and directly collected that trace of Fan Jiang’s soul into it!
Chen Ping was not going to let that Fan Jiang board in his body.
“Mr. Shi, thank you ……”
Chen Ping said as he gave Mr. Shi a grateful look.
However, Mr. Shi smiled lightly, “You grow a brain in the future and don’t be so impulsive to, that’s the greatest thanks to me!”
After saying that, Mr. Shi waved his hand, signalling Chen Ping to leave!
Instead, he put his hands behind his back, not looking like he was walking, but his body instantly appeared a hundred metres away!
Chen Ping took another look at Fan Jiang’s corpse, then turned around and headed towards the Pill God Valley.
Not long after Chen Ping had left, Zhu Zhishan arrived with three black bronze robes.
Upon seeing Fan Jiang’s corpse that had become a dry corpse, Zhu Zhishan’s eyes were wide open and his face was full of shock!
“This …… this Fan Jiang has actually died?”
Zhu Zhishan said in surprise.
The three black bronze robes were also shocked, they had heard of Fan Jiang’s ability a long time ago, and now that he had actually been killed by Chen Ping, how terrifying Chen Ping’s strength had reached.
“The aura of burning essence blood?”
At this moment, a black bronze robe suddenly said with a frown.
The others hurriedly felt it with their eyes slightly closed!
“Not bad, someone has indeed burned essence blood here, and this aura should be that Chen Ping’s!”
Another black copper robe said.
When Zhu Zhishan heard this, the expression that had just been shocked showed a hint of delight!
“In that case, that Chen Ping had burned his essence blood and forcibly boosted his strength to kill this Fan Jiang’s ……”
Zhu Zhishan hurriedly asked.
“Most likely, with that Chen Ping’s strength, there is no way he could be a match for Fan Jiang, even if he burned his essence blood and forcibly boosted his strength, he wouldn’t necessarily be able to beat Fan Jiang, but now that Fan Jiang is dead, that Chen Ping will definitely not be any better!”
“Even if he doesn’t die, he is now a wasted man, just look for his whereabouts and it will be easy to catch him ……”
A black copper robe said.
“Great, I’ll send someone to track down that Chen Ping and see if he’s dead or not ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes flashed with a brilliant light, turned around and left.
As for Fan Jiang’s corpse, they didn’t even bother with it!
…………
Kyoto Dragon Family.
The news of Chen Ping forcibly burning his essence blood and killing Fan Jiang was soon known by the Dragon Family.
After all, the Long Family was also part of the Martial Alliance, and Zhu Zhishan would not conceal it from the Long Family.
When Long Jingguo heard this one piece of news, his face couldn’t help but turn pale.
To know that Fan Jiang was rumoured to have died twenty years ago, but he didn’t want to be held by the Martial Dao Alliance all this time!
It was evident that the depth of secrets of this Martial Dao Alliance was so deep that it was feared that many of them, the members, did not know about it.
But with Chen Ping forcibly burning his essence blood, these would be a ruined man even if he didn’t die.
Long Jingguo hurriedly told Long Xiao the good news, but after hearing this news, Long Xiao’s face turned ugly!
“Xiao’er, that Chen Ping forcibly burned his essence blood, now he is a ruined man even if he doesn’t die, you should be happy ……”
Long Jingguo said to Long Xiao.
“Dad, as long as I don’t see that Chen Ping, I’m always unsure of myself, besides that Chen Ping, even if he forcibly raised his strength, I’m afraid he wouldn’t be able to kill Fan Jiang, but now that Fan Jiang is dead, it proves that Chen Ping’s strength is higher than even we imagined!”
Long Xiao’s fists clenched tightly, knowing that Fan Jiang was a Martial Marquis who had become famous twenty years ago, and now his strength was at who knows what level!