“You’re afraid?”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Afraid? What am I afraid of? Your boy is just a defeated general under ……”
Zhou Tianyin had a disdainful look on his face.
“If you’re not afraid, then why do you need to use a girl as a shield? Dare you compete with me in a square fight.”
“No one needs a helping hand!”
Chen Ping said with an indifferent face and a smooth tone.
“Fine, I’ll have a match with you ……”
After Zhou Tianyin finished speaking, he casually pushed Xiaomin out.
Chen Ping caught Xiaomin with one hand and then handed her over to Ji Ruxue, “You guys stand back, I will kill him today ……”
Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping worriedly, “You have to be careful ……”
“Ji Palace Master, just don’t worry, this boy Chen Ping, heavenly blessing, will be fine ……”
Hu Ma Zi knew that Chen Ping’s experience in these few short days, that was a lot of strength growth.
Soon, Ji Ru Xue and the girls retreated, and Chen Ping followed Zhou Tianyin and stood opposite each other!
“Today, I will take your life ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Tianyin and said indifferently.
“Hmph, it is still uncertain who will die ……”
With those words, Zhou Tianyin’s body violently erupted with an incomparable fierce aura!
A fierce wind suddenly appeared around him, blowing the crowd’s clothes to rattling!
The surface of the earth next to them actually began to shake, and flying sand and rocks covered the sky as if it was the end of the world!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, stood with a calm face, not even blinking his eyes.
“Eagle Strikes the Sky ……”
Zhou Tianyin let out an explosive cry, followed by his body rising into the air like an eagle.
He then stood high above the ground and grabbed towards Chen Ping’s head.
Snorting ……
The iron claws cut through the air, emitting a terrifying sound of breaking wind!
The power of this claw would instantly make five large holes in even a copper or iron wall.
Chen Ping’s face was calm, he raised his head slightly, his palms staggered and parted, a terrifying palm wind slapped towards his opponent.
The wind whistled ……
The wind whistled, and the gale that had just blown suddenly became even more violent.
The aura was overwhelming!
With a thick, muffled sound!
This palm of Chen Ping’s ruthlessly followed the Zhoutian Seal and collided with it.
The tremendous force instantly lifted Zhou Tianyin over.
Zhou Tianyin’s heart was stunned as his body landed on the ground and retreated several steps in quick succession ……
He looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity, his eyes filled with doubt!
Only a few days had pa*sed, and Chen Ping’s strength seemed to have grown a lot instantly.
Although Zhou Tianyin had not used all his strength in the strike he had just made, the fact that he had been knocked back so lightly by Chen Ping was still a shock to him!
“Break Gold and Split Stone ……”
Zhou Tianyin’s two claws interlocked in front of him, and several transparent claw energies instantly staggered out, heading straight for Chen Ping.
This claw energy carried a terrifying sharpness, slicing through the air and emitting an ear-piercing shrill whistle.
In the blink of an eye, the claws reached Chen Ping’s face.
This time, Chen Ping did not move, but his body flashed with golden light.
A trail of golden scales instantly wrapped around his entire body, and his Unbreakable Golden Body activated.
This time, the radiance of the Unbreakable Golden Body was even more dazzling and dazzling, even the sun in the sky was overshadowed by this radiance!
Ding ding ding ……
Several claw energies struck Chen Ping’s body directly, leaving a white mark on Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body, but did not break through Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body!
This almost made Zhou Tianyin’s jaw drop in shock.
He couldn’t understand even if he thought about it, how could Chen Ping’s strength have suddenly improved?
It had only been a few days?
Even Ji Ru Xue and the girls, who were not far away, were astonished!
In just a few days, Chen Ping’s strength had actually been able to instantly crush that Zhou Tian Yin.
This was a completely different situation from the previous few days!
Only Pocky Hu’s eyes glowed brightly as he looked at Chen Ping, inwardly muttering, “This son is definitely not a mortal, definitely not a mortal ah ……”