Ning Hai then stepped on Chen Ping’s head with one foot, his eyes indifferent as he looked at Chen Ping.
“Old thing, kill me if you have the guts, as long as I have a breath, I will make your Ning family perish forever ……”
Chen Ping said as he stared deadly at Ning Hai.
“Little beast, all this and you still dare to talk tough ……”
Ning Hai was furious and then kicked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s body was like a leather ball, and was sent flying by Ning Hai’s kick.
Chen Ping’s internal organs were tumbling and blood was gushing out of his mouth!
Immediately afterwards, Ning Hai walked in front of Chen Ping and kicked out again.
Just like that, one kick after another!
Ning Hai was treating Chen Ping like a leather ball.
Chen Ping was already a bloody mess at this moment, with no part of his body left intact.
“Big Brother Chen …………”
Looking at Chen Ping’s miserable state, Xiao Min couldn’t help herself and wanted to rush out, but she was pulled by Ji Ru Xue.
“Don’t go over there ……”
Ji Ru Xue was pulling Minnie by a deadly grip.
“Don’t move, all of you, don’t move ……”
Chen Ping roared at Xiaomin and Ji Ruxue as he fought for all his strength.
A mouthful of blood spurted out with each word.
Ning Hai pounded Chen Ping, but all avoided the vital points, what he wanted now was not for Chen Ping to die, but for him to suffer!
Chen Ping’s consciousness began to blur and his eyes were hazy!
Soon, Su Yuqi appeared in Chen Ping’s mind, and his own mother appeared. Although he could not see his mother’s face, the feeling of closeness made Chen Ping very comfortable.
The images from the past appeared inside Chen Ping’s mind like a movie playing, scene by scene.
“Am I really going to die?”
Chen Ping cried out deep inside, wanting to resist, but his body had long since moved.
Ning Hai did not know how long he had been torturing Chen Ping, and not a single bone in Chen Ping’s body was intact anyway.
As he watched Chen Ping dying, Ning Dahai was also a little tired.
“Little beast, you can just lie in bed like this for the rest of your life ……”
Ning Hai finished speaking, then slapped his palm towards the small of Chen Ping’s stomach.
The tremendous force instantly shattered Chen Ping’s dantian, and the golden pellet above it, shattered into countless pieces!
The trace of life that was left in Chen Ping’s body instantly disappeared.
Chen Ping also closed his eyes and pa*sed out.
Seeing this, Ning Hai hurriedly kicked Chen Ping and frowned, “D*mn, dead? How could it be dead?”
Ning Dahai did not expect that Chen Ping would be so resistant to beatings and die after directly destroying his dantian ……
This made Ning Dahai somewhat regretful, the dragon crystal in Chen Ping’s body had not yet been taken, and this was dead, so there was no way for the dragon crystal to be taken in.
Ning Dahai swept a glance at those within the Red Lotus Palace, but did not strike at them. It was not that Ning Dahai was merciful, but he was an old martial lord, and if he struck out at such a small sect, he would be laughed at.
Ning Dahai did not care to strike, nor did he have to!
“Let’s go …………”
Seeing that Chen Ping was no longer alive, Ning Hai waved his hand and led his people away.
As Ning Hai walked back, Xiao Min and Ji Ru Xue instantly pounced on him.
“Big brother Chen ……”
“Mr Chen ……”
Xiao Min and Ji Ru Xue cried out in pain, looking at Chen Ping like that, they couldn’t hold back any longer.
“Sister, hurry up and save big brother Chen ……”
Xiao Min begged to Ji Ru Xue.
Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping in that state, his whole body was shattered with bones, even his dantian was shattered, how could he be saved?
Even if Chen Ping was saved, I was afraid that in the future, he would be worse off than dead.
“Sister, why don’t you save Brother Chen?”
Xiao Min saw that Ji Ru Xue was still not doing anything to save Chen Ping, so she shook Ji Ru Xue’s arm.
“Mandy, Mr. Chen is already dead, he is already dead ……”
Ji Ru Xue said with tears in her eyes.