Historically, within the emperor’s tomb, that is a city of treasures, it is possible that that kind of place is full of spiritual energy, if lucky, in picking up a treasure may also be possible.
“Mr. Chen wants to go, then I will take you there ……”
Bai Zhan Tang drove: “In fact, those imperial tombs are nothing to see, many of them have been excavated, and what we see now are all repaired, that is, fake, not much fun ……”
Once Chen Ping heard this, his original high spirits were instantly lowered, but since he was already heading there, he just took a look!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others arrived at the place, which was tens of thousands of square meters, with more than a dozen tombs, large and small, and not many people visiting the place because it was not a time for tourism.
Around these tombs were some low hills with lush greenery and a nice environment. In front of the hills was a small river only a few metres wide, presumably dug by hand.
“There are mountains and water, these emperors all enjoy themselves so much after they die ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but let out a secret sigh and said.
“Mr. Chen, you guys wait a moment, I’ll go buy the tickets ……”
Bai Zhantang wanted to go and buy the tickets, but was stopped by Chen Ping.
“No need to go, there’s nothing to see, let’s just walk around outside ……”
As soon as Chen Ping got off the bus, he had already noticed that the aura here was weak, and there was no aura at all from those treasures that Chen Ping had imagined.
It looked like the place had really been excavated, and now only a framework for later repairs remained.
Chen Ping and the three of them walked along the small river that had been dug by hand towards the small hill.
Although the aura had not changed much here, the air was quite fresh, plus it was sparsely populated, so it was still a good place to go for a walk!
When he pa*sed a small bridge and was about to walk up that small hill, Chen Ping suddenly stopped all of a sudden, followed by a slight frown, and instantly dispersed his divine sense, and the place that was hundreds of meters in circumference appeared in Chen Ping’s mind at this moment.
“What a strong aura ……”
Chen Ping felt a strong aura, and by this aura alone that he felt, the other party must have reached Martial Sect.
But in this place, how could a Martial Sect appear? Moreover, he had also emitted his aura, clearly carrying a warning to warn other martial artists not to approach.
“Mr. Chen, there seems to be someone here, and they have painted this place as their own ……”
Bai Zhan Tang also felt this strong aura, except that he could not sense the other party’s realm strength.
“This is a public place, not someone’s, we just move forward ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Chen Ping wanted to go and see what this martial sect was doing, to know that a titled martial sect would not come to this place to cultivate, and even more so, would not easily reveal his breath, now that the other party was doing this, there must be something going on.
The more they walked forward, the stronger the aura became, but along with that aura, Chen Ping unexpectedly felt another aura from it, after carefully feeling it, Chen Ping was slightly stunned: “Why is there Yin Qi here? Could it be an evil cultivator?”
If this was an evil cultivator, then it was possible, after all, evil cultivators could not be seen and needed to cultivate in a less crowded place, and this was exactly the right place.
At the sound of an evil cultivator, Bai Zhan Tang and Xiao Lan’s faces changed slightly, while Chen Ping’s face became increasingly excited.
If it was really an evil cultivator, then Chen Ping would not be polite, he could use the cultivation of this evil cultivator to help himself cultivate, sucking the cultivation of these evil cultivators, no one in the martial arts world would accuse or care, after all, none of these evil cultivators are good people, all rely on sucking other people’s energy, or sucking Yin Qi to cultivate.