“Why didn’t you help me just now? The Immortal Spirit Stones were snatched away by them, without the Immortal Spirit Stones, I have no way to see my brother.”
The youngest sister cried out, unexpectedly complaining about Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at the crying youngest sister, could not help but smile, “Is that immortal spirit stone you stole from someone else?”
“I ……”
The youngest sister all of a sudden do not know how to answer, it is obvious that she stole!
“Since it was you who stole it, is it wrong for people to want it back?”
“You have to steal in order to see your brother? Then in order for me to make myself comfortable, is it okay for me to play with you now?”
Chen Ping stared at the youngest sister!
The youngest sister froze, then tightened her collar, “What do you …… you want to do? If you dare to touch me, I will die with you!”
“What are you nervous about, I’m just making an analogy, not to mention that with a body like yours, I can’t look at it.”
Chen Ping said!
“What happened to my …… my figure?”
The youngest sister deliberately stood up straight and straightened her chest, but no matter how she straightened her chest, it was still almost meaningful!
“Let’s do it this way, you act as a guide for me, after all, you’re familiar with the inside of Beast City, and I can take this Immortal Spirit Stone as a reward.”
“Although it’s not as big as that Immortal Spirit Stone just now, it should still be worth something.”
Chen Ping threw the Immortal Spirit Stone he was holding to the youngest sister!
The youngest sister took the Immortal Spirit Stone and looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity!
To know that Immortal Spirit Stones were worth a lot of money in Beast City, how could this Chen Ping just give it to anyone?
“I can tell you, although I want your Immortal Spirit Stones, I will only show you the way, I will not sleep with you.”
Missy said as she looked at Chen Ping warily!
As the saying goes, if you don t have anything to offer, you are either a traitor or a thief ……
Chen Ping was so kind, Missy felt that Chen Ping must have some intentions!
There was nothing of value on her own body, so she could only be trying to figure out her own body!
“I have said, I am not interested in your body, you want to sleep with me, I still don’t need it, it’s not like I don’t have a woman.”
Chen Ping said somewhat breathlessly!
“I don’t believe …… it.”
That youngest sister does not believe at all, it looks like she is quite confident in herself, so she thinks that Chen Ping is interested in her body.
Chen Ping was also helpless, who let himself just play the analogy in a somewhat incorrect way, let this youngest sister misunderstood!
“Zhong Li, come out and accompany me ……”
Chen Ping directly called out the Sword Spirit Zhong Li!
Zhong Li instantly flashed out and then stood beside Chen Ping!
Zhong Li’s body was concave and convex, those lines were simply perfect, and after Chen Ping’s nourishment, the entire person exuded a noble temperament!
At the moment, that youngest sister was simply like a mountain village girl compared to Zhong Li!
“Master, are you lonely?”Zhong Li asked as she snuggled into Chen Ping’s shoulder!
“Want to kiss you ……”
Chen Ping finished and directly kissed Zhong Li in front of that youngest sister!
Chen Ping then allowed Zhong Li to return to the Dragon Slaying Sword!
From the beginning to the end, that youngest sister looked on with a shocked face, her face showing embarrassment!
“Can you feel relieved this time? I am not interested in you at all!”
Chen Ping said!
The youngest sister bit her lips and silently nodded, saying nothing!
Chen Ping followed Missy Sister towards Beast City!
On this journey, no one spoke, the youngest sister looked like she had been dealt a bad blow!
Came to the beast city gates, Chen Ping tilted his head to look, this city gate is hundreds of metres high, there are three huge city gates.
The city gate in the middle was the largest, except that it was closed!
While the city gates on both sides were open, many cultivators were entering and exiting the city gates on both sides, and there were also guards who would carry out inspections from time to time!
“The middle gate is exclusively for the city lord to enter and exit, if the city lord does not enter and exit, the gate will remain closed.”
The youngest sister said after Chen Ping!