“You want to leave? Asked me?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but coldly snort when he saw that the other party actually wanted to leave!
The middle-aged man in green froze, his brows furrowed together and said “What, I’m not going to bother with you anymore, do you still want to be done with us?”
“You don’t want to compete with me, but I want to compete with you to compete with you …….”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, that Luo Xi stepped forward with his sword.
“Do you guys still recognise me?” Luo Xi looked angrily at these guys from the Skywolf Sect and snapped!
The green-clothed middle-aged men looked at Luo Xi and looked up and down, but it seemed like they couldn’t recognise him!
After all, they had played with many women, so how could they possibly recognise Luo Xi!
“I know ……”
At this time, a member of the Skywolf Sect recognised Luo Xi, then whispered a few words in the ear of that green-clothed middle-aged man!
“Oh, so it’s that little witch ah, no wonder I see this very familiar but can’t recall it.”
“If someone hadn’t saved you in the first place, now you would have become our plaything, how come you still want to take revenge?”
The green-clothed middle-aged man said lightly to Luo Xi.
Luo Xi was furious and was about to charge up with his sword!
Chen Ping stopped Luo Xi, his eyes cold, “Let me help you deal with these beasts ……”
“Kid, don’t think that because I broke an arm, you can defeat me, I will let you know how good I am.”
The green-clothed middle-aged man sneered, and suddenly from his broken arm, bursts of red smoke unexpectedly emerged!
It was like after blood boiled!
And not far away from the broken arm, which still had a death grip on the longsword, it unexpectedly began to tremble, and finally suddenly flew up and directly connected back.
The wound was also healing at a speed visible to the naked eye under the nourishment of the aura!
“I didn’t expect that you do have some ability ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping could not help but say!
“I had wanted to find a place where the broken arm would be reborn, but now that you’re looking for death, I’ll only be able to attach the broken arm back.”
The green-clothed middle-aged man said lightly!
They, the members of the Skywolf Sect, all had extremely perverse physical recovery abilities.
“I didn’t think that your Skywolf Sect would still have this kind of ability, but I’ll chop you up into mincemeat and see if you still have a way to be reborn.”
The Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand erupted with a brilliant golden light, ready to strike at any time!
“Let’s give it a try then ……”
The green-clothed middle-aged man swung his long sword, and a sword aura went straight towards Chen Ping!
This time, the middle-aged man in green was considered to be striking with all his might, without the slightest reservation, as he already knew Chen Ping’s bottom line, there was no need to reserve!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body hastily sidestepped and dodged this sharp strike, and then within the Origin Space within his body, several Origin Stars simultaneously flickered with light!
Even the Dragon Crystal on Chen Ping’s chest emitted a dazzling light!
Chen Ping knew that he could not hold back any longer, he had to fight quickly!
Chen Ping pointed the Dragon Beheading Sword in his hand, and a Divine Dragon Force mixed with various Origin Breaths surged into the Dragon Beheading Sword together!
“What kind of power is this ……, it’s terrifying ……”
“Holy sh*t, what is that? It’s a dragon ……”
“Is this kid a Transition Realm 1st Grade Cultivator? It can’t be a big brother hiding his identity, right?”
As the crowd of the Skywolf Sect felt the aura bursting out from Chen Ping’s body, each and every one of them were all shocked!
Especially on Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword, a golden dragon was slowly taking shape!
The green-clothed middle-aged man’s eyes widened roundly, his eyes filled with horror as he hurriedly swung his long sword, swinging out several sword awns towards Chen Ping, while he was backing up at a rapid pace, pulling away after Chen Ping!
This dangerous aura made him start to become nervous inside!
Because this kind of aura was not at all like something that could be erupted by a first ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, it was obvious that Chen Ping had hidden his strength!
And to hide his strength and yet have them not even realise it, proved that Chen Ping’s strength was far above theirs!
No wonder they wanted to go, but Chen Ping stopped and didn’t let them go, it turned out to be pretending to be a pig eating a tiger……