Listening to Pao Longxing’s words, the many pill masters all fell silent, there was hope in their hearts that it was Chen Wenliang and the others who would come to attack the Zhentian Dharma Sect!
Falling into the hands of Chen Wenliang and the others, it would not be so bad that they would become prisoners, after all, the culprit was Su Tianshuo, and now Su Tianshuo had already been beaten up and was cowering in the corner, languishing!
There were angry pharmacists, going over was a beating and kicking, but not beating him to death, after all, this guy is still useful, when the time comes to hand over to Chen Wenliang and the others, it can still atone for his sins!
Rumble …………
Suddenly the ground shook and the entire island shook!
That defensive formation around the island instantly collapsed, that colourful spiritual light also disappeared, and the divine clock in the centre of the island, also shattered at this moment!
“Kill …………”
When Chen Wenliang saw that the defensive formation collapsed, he immediately led the many pill masters towards the people of the Sky-Shattering Dharma Sect to kill them!
Each and every one of these pill masters all put their lives on the line and exploded their full potential, because they knew that if they couldn’t occupy the island before Mu Qiufeng and the others arrived, then those of them would be in danger of losing their lives!
Under the compulsion of death, all of these Pill Masters erupted with extraordinary battle power!
Seeing this, the many disciples of the Zhentian Dharma Sect were also forced to rise to meet the battle, except that the tallest here was only a deacon, and his battle strength was not a match for these pill masters at all!
Coupled with Chen Ping and the Two Yi Sect’s people, these people from the Zhentian Dharma Sect were simply being slaughtered one-sidedly!
“No one should be merciful, don’t leave any survivors ……”
Chen Ping ordered loudly!
Chen Ping knew that if he left the survivors behind, when Mu Qiufeng and the others came, these guys were bound to be stupid, and when they formed a pincer attack on them, it would be troublesome!
Chen Ping was not a saintly mother, threatening his own safety, then he must die!
“Kill …… none of them!”
Chen Wenliang hissed loudly as he listened to Chen Ping’s order!
The people of the Heavenly Zenith Dharma Sect were being killed with ghostly cries, while that Feng Xing, seeing this, had already been scared out of his wits and ran towards the dungeon in a panic!
He was still in the identity of a pill master, so as long as he mixed with pill masters, then his life would not be in danger!
He knew that Chen Wenliang and these people, would never be able to kill all the pharmacists, after all, many of them had worked together!
All that was needed was to arrest the masterminds, Su Tianshuo and Bao Longxing!
However, when Feng Xing panicked and ran to the dungeon, his entire body was dumbfounded as he saw Su Tianshuo beaten to death and was curled up in the corner of the dungeon!
When Pao Long Xing and the others saw Feng Xing running into the dungeon in a panic, they all became excited!
“Hahaha, this guy is so flustered, it must be that someone from outside is fighting their way in.”
“Kill those brutes from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, not one of them can be left behind ……”
“Old man Feng Xing, you conned us, now you’re going to get your retribution as well.”
The many pill masters were gloating and shouting!
Feng Xing didn’t expect that these pill masters would be so fiery that they would even f*ck Su Tianshuo, the president of the pill masters’ association!
Listening to the commotion outside, Feng Xing had no choice but to find himself a cell and drill in.
And at this time outside, Chen Ping and the others had already decimated all of the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect and began to search for Su Tianshuo and the others!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, the entire island has been searched for, and we still haven’t found Su Tianshuo and the others, could it be that they aren’t on this island?”
Chen Wenliang said!
“Impossible, this place is far away from the mainland, there’s no other place for them to go other than coming to this island.”
Zhong Yi, on the other hand, retorted!
“President Chen, you bring someone to see if there is a basement, secret passage or something like that in this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, then Su Tianshuo and the others must be here.”
“I’ll take the people from the Two Yi Sect and set up the defence formations on the island, when that Mu Qiufeng and the others arrive, with the defence formations, they will still be able to withstand them for a while!”
Chen Ping said!
“Good, I am going to look carefully!”
Chen Wenliang said, and led his men to continue searching!