If anyone dared to betray him, he could kill the parasite in his hand, and that parasite in the person who betrayed would die, and the betrayed person would perish with him!
But all the same, if the person with the parasite on him died, the parasite in Qian Feng’s hand would die along with him!
“This …………”
The crowd was all astonished when they saw that compulsion!
“Although there are martial arts masters in Jiangbei Province, who has the ability to kill Bu Dou? Could it be that the Jiang family turned against us and didn’t want to provide us with the medicinal materials after they got the elixir, so they killed to exterminate us?”
Someone guessed.
“Impossible, the valley master explained that only after getting the medicinal materials would he refine the life renewal pills for that Jiang family, besides a Jiang family wouldn’t dare to go against our Xuan Yue Valley!”
Someone raised an objection.
“Could it be the Pill King’s Mansion? You have to know that it’s the territory of the Pill King’s House, and the people of the Pill King’s House have always prided themselves on being a famous and righteous sect, looking down on us sidekicks, now that our people have arrived on their territory, how could they just sit back and watch?”
One of the old men with white hair said with a deep frown.
“Third Elder, we have no grievances or grudges following the Pill King’s House, although they are not used to our style, but we have been at peace with each other for so many years, besides, this is not the first time our people have gone to Jiangbei, there is no way that this time their Pill King’s House can’t see past it, right?”
Someone asked to the old man with white hair.
“It’s hard to say, who knows what the Pill King’s House is smoking, who else can kill Bu Dou in Jiangbei apart from the Pill King’s House? Just those so-called what’s-his-name martial arts masters? Just a bunch of reckless men ……”
The old man with white hair snorted coldly, clearly disdainful of martial artists.
“Okay, all stop arguing, send someone to poke around won’t we know, if it’s really the Pill King Mansion that did it, then don’t blame us for not being polite!”
Qian Feng said in an icy voice.
………………
In Tianfeng Town, Jiangbei Provincial City, there was a mansion that covered an area of several thousand square meters!
This was the Pill King’s Mansion, and around the Pill King’s Mansion there were hundreds of pill houses of all sizes, and what these pill houses sold were not pills, but pill dregs, the pill dregs that remained after the Pill King’s Mansion had refined pills, and even pill dregs were a sought-after commodity in the provincial city!
“House Master, recently a large amount of this Little Returning Pill has appeared in Cloud City, I have sent someone to carefully study the ingredients, and the refining method, even the medicinal effects have all been experimented together, this pill can be considered a divine pill!”
The Pill King’s House butler, holding a Small Returning Pill, walked into the House Master’s room and said.
“Old Qiu, you have been refining pills for a lifetime, you have never heard you say whose pills are divine pills, tell us ……”
Sun Simiao, the head of the Pill King Mansion, took a sip of tea and asked indifferently.
“The pill can strengthen the body and cure all kinds of diseases, and it is very effective for men, much stronger than our Marrow Cleansing Pill and Bone Strengthening Pill. If our pills could also be made from ordinary herbs, the profit would be very substantial! ”
The butler explained in detail.
“Oh? There is such a thing?” Sun Simiao’s eyes lit up and looked interested, “Then go and investigate properly to find out who actually made this elixir, I’m surprised I didn’t know there was someone else in the entire Jiangbei Province who could make this kind of elixir!”
“Got it!” The steward nodded his head.
But just as the butler was about to leave, Sun Simiao instantly called the butler to a halt: “Right, have all those medicinal materials from the Jiang family been prepared? Tell them to hurry up and settle the final payment.”
The steward asked with a puzzled face, “Master, our medicinal materials are already in short supply, how come you still agreed to sell them to the Jiang family?”
“There are people in Jiang’s family in Kyoto, that’s what the superior has said, you don’t need to ask much about the rest!”
Sun Simiao waved his hand and told the butler to leave!