Qin Xiaotian’s words caused Bai Xiushan’s face to change and his entire person was dumbfounded, if this was authorized by the Martial Alliance, then wouldn’t their Bai family be finished, there wasn’t even the slightest hope left.
“Qin Xiaotian, don’t be alarmist, I don’t believe your words, and our Bai family’s estate will never be handed over to your ……”
Bai Zhan Tang said in a stern voice.
Just as Bai Zhan Tang finished his words, he only heard a loud boom outside, and a villa in the Bai family’s villa area unexpectedly collapsed with a loud bang.
Immediately afterwards, Qin Xiaoxian slowly walked inside the hall, Qin Xiaotian hurriedly got up and gave his second brother a seat!
“If you don’t hand it over, then today all of you, the Bai family, will follow the same fate as that villa just now ……”
Qin Xiaoxian spoke slowly, but the cold and domineering aura on his body caused Bai Zhan Tang’s face to turn white, and he actually sat down directly on the ground.
A small Zong master is simply unable to withstand more than the aura that erupts from a Martial Sect.
Seeing this, Bai Xiushan’s face turned ugly to the extreme.
“I hope you will give me some more time, our Bai family’s estate is huge, even if we hand it over to your Qin family all at once now, you simply won’t be able to manage it.”
Bai Xiushan wanted to stall for some time and think of something!
“Old thing, you don’t need to think about stalling for time, you just need to hand over all the industries and we will have someone to manage them!”
Qin Xiaotian said, and then looked in the direction of the senior members of the Bai family, and said to a middle-aged man wearing gla*ses and svelte, “Manager Tian, the Bai family’s industries, can you manage them?”
He hurriedly took a few steps forward and respectfully walked up to Qin Xiaotian and said, “Dong Qin, I know all of the Bai family’s properties like the back of my hand, of course I can manage them, I have a list of the Bai family’s properties here, please take a look at it ……”
That manager Tian handed a document to Qin Xiaotian, who didn’t even look at it, but looked at Bai Xiushan with a smug face.
Seeing this, Bai Xiushan’s body shook with anger, his face turned blue and his whole body twitched.
“Grandpa …………”
Seeing this, Bai Zhantang hurriedly stepped forward and used his hand to pinch Bai Xiushan’s human middle.
Slowly, Bai Xiushan slowed down and looked at that Manager Tian angrily, “Manager Tian, my Bai family has treated you well, how dare you betray me?”
Manager Tian smiled faintly, “Master, as the saying goes, those who know the times are wise, in this situation now, what qualifications does the Bai family have to follow the Qin family to fight? In my opinion, you should just obediently hand over the estate, get out of Kyoto and save yourself a little life!”
“You …………”
Bai Xiushan spurted out a mouthful of fresh blood in anger.
“Grandpa, grandpa …………” Bai Zhan Tang hurriedly helped Bai Xiushan wipe it away.
“Do you …… all think the same way as him?”
Bai Xiushan asked with a trembling hand, pointing at the other top bra*s.
Those top bra*s looked at each other before they all slowly stepped away and walked to Qin Xiaotian’s side!
Bai Xiushan, who saw this scene, once again spurted out a mouthful of old blood!
“Hahahaha …………” Qin Xiaotian laughed arrogantly, “Old immortal, see, this is knowing the time, you finally know what you are doing, save of us making a move!”
Bai Xiushan’s face was so ugly, his body was trembling, he didn’t know what to say!
The matter had come to this, what else could he do but hand over the Bai family’s estate?
“Zhan Tang, go get the seal ……”
Bai Xiushan slowly closed his eyes, and for an instant it was as if he had aged a lot.
“Grandpa, do we really have to hand over all of the Bai family’s industries?”
Bai Zhan Tang gritted his teeth, he was heartbroken, heartbroken for the Bai family’s industries and also for Bai Xiushan’s body.
“Hand it over, what can we do if we don’t!”
Bai Xiushan waved his hand!
Bai Zhan Tang had no choice but to take out Bai Xiushan’s seal!
“If I said I would cover the Bai family, I will definitely cover it… If you want to reap benefits from the Bai family, shouldn’t you ask me?”
Just at that moment, Chen Ping slowly walked in!