Chen Ping was convinced that the old man was not fast, but had moved instantly, to his face.
The old man looked at Chen Ping and gently lifted his palm, and Chen Ping’s body began to float uncontrollably.
He couldn’t figure out what kind of power this old man had that he could be so powerful!
“A beautiful body, I’d like to taste the freshness of your flesh ……”
The old man had a cold smile on his face, while Chen Ping felt his breathing becoming difficult!
Chen Ping struggled with his hands, trying to get out of the sire bond!
But just as Chen Ping was struggling, the old man suddenly froze, and the cold smile on his face froze as his eyes stared deadly at the Heavenly Dragon Ring on Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping took a look at the old man’s expression, and then at his own Heavenly Dragon Ring, and was a little surprised!
Could it be that this old man was also a member of the Heavenly Dragon Hall?
But just as Chen Ping was having this thought, he felt his body relax and suddenly he was free from the sire bond and landed on the ground!
The old man knelt in front of Chen Ping with a terrified look on his face.
“Old slave Qu Yunchang, I didn’t know that the temple master had arrived, I deserve to die, I deserve to die …………”
The old man was kneeling in front of Chen Ping’s face, his face was terrified and his body was trembling slightly!
The first time I saw the old man kneeling in front of me, I was a bit confused, even if I had the Heavenly Dragon Ring, I was the master of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, but this Qu Yunchang did not have to be so afraid of himself, right?
With Chen Ping’s current skills, this Qu Yunchang could have defeated Chen Ping with a wave of his hand, so why should he be so scared and trembling?
“Are you also a member of the Heavenly Dragon Hall?”
Chen Ping asked Qu Yunchang tentatively.
Qu Yunchang nodded and said, “Yes, my old slave has been waiting for the Hall Master here for over twenty years ……”
“Get up!” Chen Ping let Qu Yunchang get up, then continued, “Are you the only one on this island? You are the only one in this hall?”
Chen Ping knew that there were thirteen halls in the Heavenly Dragon Hall, but each hall was a group of people, and Qu Yunchang was the only one here, so he could be considered a hall!
“Master, I am the only one on this island, but I am not the only one in this hall, I have a group of men!”
After Qu Yunchang finished speaking, a strange sound came out of his mouth!
This sound was heard by Chen Ping in the sea, when he was being chased by the demons, it was because of this sound that the demons left!
With the sound of Qu Yunchang’s mouth, the sea was filled with waves of fear!
Then one by one, demon beasts poked their heads out of the sea, and others leapt up from the sea.
Chen Ping looked at the dozens of demon beasts in the sea, his face full of shock, and then asked, “Are these …… all your men?”
“The first time I saw them, I was able to get them to come back to me.
Qu Yunchang said.
This time, Chen Ping’s face was full of embarra*sment, he had killed demon beasts for half a day, but the ones he killed were his own men.
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market.
“No, no ……”
Chen Ping hastily waved his hand, these animal pellets together, Chen Ping knew that they could not help him improve his cultivation by much!
But with such a group of Martial Gods, if he were to go around the sea, it would be a great feat!
“Hall Master, I’ll pa*s on the method of controlling these beasts to you ……”
The first thing I did was to tell Chen Ping how to control the beasts.
The beasts were really obedient, which made Chen Ping very excited! -Chen Ping