Although Hu Ma Zi and Shi Yan had already retreated, they could still feel the power of the aftermath and desperately resisted, but the buildings around them suffered!
The wind dispersed, the dust fell, and the whole courtyard was a mess, as if it had been ravaged by a storm!
And Chen Ping stood still, unmoving, without even the slightest change in his expression or eyes!
Only in Chen Ping’s contemptuous eyes, there was even more disdain!
Shi Yan looked at the wrecked courtyard and was heartbroken, this was all their Hundred Refinements Pavilion’s family business, if his father saw this, he would probably break his legs!
But when Shi Yan saw Chen Ping, who hadn’t moved a muscle, there was a strong look of surprise in his eyes!
At the same time, that Ning Zhi’s eyes were also wide open and his face changed dramatically, “This …… is impossible, how could this happen?”
Ning Zhi looked at the unharmed Chen Ping, his face full of disbelief!
He had to know that he had worked hard to cultivate and constantly improve his strength, just to kill Chen Ping one day!
Now that he had reached the strength of a Martial Saint, coupled with the fact that he had the physique of an Inferno Demon Body, he felt that he could easily kill Chen Ping.
But he didn’t expect the final result to be like this!
This was the power of a Martial Saint, the most powerful force in the entire Martial Dao world, so why was it that he still couldn’t hurt Chen Ping?
Ning Zhi couldn’t figure it out, even more so ……
“Nothing is impossible, do you think that your Martial Saint’s Power is the most powerful power in the Martial Dao world? It’s simply a frog at the bottom of the well.”
“Let alone you a mere Martial Saint, even if it is a Martial God, I have killed several ……”
Chen Ping disdainfully said with the corner of his mouth raised!
The reason why Chen Ping stood still and was beaten by Ning Zhi, the reason why he said these words was to completely destroy Ning Zhi’s psyche!
This guy had always been psychologically huge and calculating, so Chen Ping wanted to destroy his psyche!
Sure enough, Chen Ping’s words caused Ning Zhi to instantly freeze.
“Martial God, Martial God?”
Ning Zhi muttered, within his perception, he had no idea what a Martial God was, there was no such thing as a Martial God in his perception!
He had always thought that a Martial Saint had reached the pinnacle of the Martial Dao world, and even if he was a Martial Saint, how many could there be in the entire Martial Dao world?
He had worked so hard to reach Martial Saint status that he had almost reached the pinnacle of the Martial Dao world!
Now there was a Martial God, an existence that was even more awesome than a Martial Saint!
Ning Zhi’s psyche could hardly bear it all of a sudden!
“Do you want to see the power of a Martial God? I’ll open your eyes ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he raised his hand and slapped it towards Ning Zhi!
Slap …………
There was a crisp sound, and Ning Zhi only felt his body lighten up, followed by dizziness!
Ning Zhi found that at this moment, he was flying towards the air as huge air currents pounded against his body!
Hu Ma Zi and Shi Yan’s eyes were wide open as they tilted their heads to look at Ning Zhi, who had long since turned into a black dot!
With this slap, Chen Ping had actually directly sent a man flying.
Was this going to fly into outer space?
I don’t know how long it took, but Ning Zhi’s body fell heavily!
Boom …………
After a loud sound, Ning Zhi’s body smashed straight into the ground, stirring up a cloud of dust!
Shi Yan swallowed his saliva, somewhat unable to believe what was in front of him!
Ning Zhi struggled to get his body out of the ground, half of his face was already deformed and distorted, looking very horrible!
At this moment, there was finally a hint of fear in Ning Zhi’s eyes when he looked at Chen Ping ……
This was the result Chen Ping wanted!
“Don’t trust him, he isn’t some martial god, don’t forget that you are an Inferno Demon Body ……”
The spirit inside Ning Zhi sensed the fear in Ning Zhi’s heart and warned!
“Yes, I’m an Inferno Demon Body, how could I possibly be afraid of him ……”
“Ahh …………”
Ning Zhi roared in anger as his body began to emit a glowing light!
Underneath this glowing light, Ning Zhi’s body was actually changing.
Soon, flames seemed to burn around Ning Zhi’s body, and the temperature of the entire Hundred Refinements Pavilion instantly rose quite a bit!