In this area of the land, it was all Wan Tong Pavilion’s airships that were operating, and this sudden appearance of a different airship, Wan Tong Pavilion thought that someone was stealing the business, and that was why they sent someone to intercept it!
Upon hearing that it was someone from the Wantong Pavilion, Chen Ping did not worry, but opened the hatch and flew out!
Arriving in front of the people of the Wantong Pavilion, Chen Ping said politely, “Fellow Daoists, I am a friend of your Wantong Pavilion’s Elder Xia, as well as your Elder Sun, and we are also very well acquainted with each other.”
“This dirigible is our private one and is not in operation, the people sitting on it are all my friends as well, we are going to South End City, so I hope we can make it convenient.”
“If you say you are Elder Xia’s friend, then you are a friend la, what proof do you have?”
That Wan Tong Pavilion disciple asked!
Chen Ping hurriedly took out Elder Xia’s token, and only after seeing Elder Xia’s token did these few Wantong Pavilion disciples move out of the way!
The road behind was smooth sailing, and at midnight, the airship slowly landed in South End City!
Only just as the blimp landed, it was surrounded by people!
“Surround this airship and see who the hell it is.”
Someone . . yelled loudly!
This startled the people inside the blimp!
And when Chen Ping heard this voice, he laughed and said after the crowd, “Don’t be afraid, this is also someone from the Wantong Pavilion, the Wantong Pavilion’s sub-pavilion master in South End City.”
“It seems like this Wantong Pavilion cares a lot about stealing business, it’s worthy of being specialised in doing business.”
Chen Ping took the lead in walking towards the airship, then looked at the speaking Pavilion Master Qian and said, “Pavilion Master Qian, don’t be nervous, this is my own airship, since I have to bring a lot of people with me this time around, I brought the airship here.”
Seeing that it was Chen Ping, Pavilion Master Qian’s face, which was still a little angry just now, eased a lot!
“So it’s Mr Chen, why did you bring so many friends to South End City at once? There isn’t much fun to be had in this South End City!”
Pavilion Master Qian asked curiously!
Chen Ping did smile slightly and did not answer, he did not know how to answer and did not want the Mu Family to know that he had gathered so many people!
Seeing Chen Ping smile, Pavilion Master Qian said, “Did you bring someone to deal with the Mu Family?”
“Two days ago, South End City could have a large number of people coming in, this kind of small remote city, suddenly pouring in so many people, I think all of them were also found by Mr Chen, right?”
Pavilion Master Qian said!
Chen Ping could only admit and nodded, “There is no way, that Mu family is too strong and has many clansmen, I heard that that Mu family has gathered clansmen from all over the world to deal with the Guanghan Palace, so I can only think of ways to gather more people.”
“I really didn’t expect Mr Chen to have such strength to gather so many people, this should be from several clans and families.”
“There are human clans, beast clans and devil clans, Mr Chen’s face is really through the three clans!”
Pavilion Master Qian said enviously!
“It’s just a friend helping out, but it’s Pavilion Master Qian who personally led the team here at this late hour, he is also dedicated to his job!”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
“Ai, in his position to seek his duty, who let me be this pavilion master, then this South End City can’t be in the appearance of Wan Tong Pavilion other than the airships.”
“But looking at this airship of Mr Chen, it is still quite high end, it is even more powerful than our Wan Tong Pavilion’s airship!”
Pavilion Master Qian said as he sized up Chen Ping’s blimp!
“Truth be told, I have a friend’s family that also engages in airships, only that they are in the Northern Domain and have no interests entangled with the Wantong Pavilion!”
Chen Ping said!
“No wonder!” Pavilion Master Qian nodded!
After chatting for a couple of moments, Pavilion Master Qian led the people to leave, and Chen Ping also led the crowd to rest!
Chen Ping planned to wait for tomorrow morning, before gathering everyone and heading to Guanghan Palace together!
Various formations had to be laid down in the Guanghan Palace in advance, as well as assigning tasks for defence!