“Mr. Chen, this is …………”
Bai Cheng saw Chen Ping bring back three people, so he asked with some confusion!
“These are my friends, temporarily staying here for a while, is General Xing here?”
Chen Ping asked to Bai Cheng!
“Yes, just now General Xing was looking for you, maybe there is a problem on the Qiu Fu side.”
Bai Cheng said!
Chen Ping was able to guess once he thought about it, it should be the matter of Qiu Tu being killed by himself that had caused some commotion in the Qiu Mansion!
“You take them to rest first, I’ll go find General Xing!”
Chen Ping let Bai Cheng take Xiong Gao and the others to rest, then he went straight to Xing Ting Dao Rong’s council chamber!
When Chen Ping pushed the door and entered, there were several commanders sitting in the council hall!
Seeing Chen Ping enter, several commanders all stood up, which could also be seen in the change in the crowd’s attitude towards Chen Ping after his breakthrough to the Mahayana Realm!
Who would dare to disrespect a character who could make the Mahayana Realm Thunder Tribulation look like the Immortalization Realm Tribulation?
“Chen Ping, I was looking for you, come over and sit!”
Xing Daorong got up and pulled Chen Ping to his side to sit down!
In this position, it was also enough to show the importance that Xing Daorong attached to Chen Ping, and Chen Ping’s position in the Xing Mansion!
In this place of the Celestial Realm, strength was honored was not just something that was said!
“General Xing, what is it that you are looking for me for?”
Chen Ping asked!
“A scout came to report that that Qiu Mansion suddenly put up white sails, and both of Qiu Wanha’s sons are dead.”
“Especially that Qiu Tint, he was just beheaded outside of Beast City, Qiu Wanha is going crazy.”
“Do you know about this matter?”
Criminal Dao Rong looked at Chen Ping and asked!
Chen Ping nodded and said, “I know, both Qiu Yu and Qiu Tu were killed by me, that Qiu Tu I just killed and rushed back.”
“It’s really you who killed them.”Criminal Dao Rong frowned slightly, it seemed that he had long suspected that Chen Ping had done it!
“Why did you kill that Qiu Tu?”
Hind Daorong asked!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only tell the truth!
Because he was thinking of mining that Immortal Spirit Stone Vein together with Interdiction Daorong, Chen Ping no longer trusted anyone else!
Since he was thinking of mining with Interdiction Daorong, he could not hide anything!
When Chen Ping told the matter, the entire council chamber exploded!
“What? It’s still possible to find Immortal Spirit Stone veins now?”
“That’s incredible, I thought the Immortal Spirit Stone veins were long gone.”
“Luckily, the people from the Qiu Palace haven’t mined it, if the Qiu Palace had gotten their hands on these Immortal Spirit Stones, they would have already made their move on us.”
The commanders were all talking!
Criminal Dao Rong’s face was filled with shock and excitement, he never thought that Chen Ping killed that Qiu Tintu, but it was actually for the matter of the Immortal Spirit Stone vein!
Now that surprisingly Chen Ping had told him about this matter, it meant that Chen Ping was also planning to hand over this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein to the Xing Mansion to mine!
“You did the right thing, that Immortal Spirit Stone vein isn’t his Qiu Mansion’s, that Qiu Tint, in collusion with others, even wanted to hijack it, deserved to die!”
“If that Qiu Wanha dares to look for trouble with you, I definitely won’t sit back and do nothing.”
Criminal Dao Rong said in a very righteous manner!
“Many thanks, General Xing!”Chen Ping thanked him!
“You are my Xing House guest secretary, I deserve this, what are you thanking for ah, just don’t know that immortal spirit stone vein mining ……”
Criminal Dao Rong looked at Chen Ping and stammered a bit as he spoke ……
“General Xing, I came back without stopping, just want to follow General Xing to cooperate in mining, and also need General Xing to send more manpower to do so.”
“Since that Qiu Tu brought people to the place where the Immortal Spirit Stone vein is located, that Qiu Mansion must have known the location as well, and I’m afraid that Qiu Wanha will bring people there and take over that Immortal Spirit Stone vein!”
Chen Ping said!
Upon hearing this, Criminal Dao Rong immediately dabbed his head and stood up, nodding his head repeatedly, “Right, right, right, we must not let that Qiu Wanha grab it first.”