Chen Ping glanced at those people from the Jade Pope Sect, then turned to Bai Shao “Help me, kill all these people ……”
“I’m afraid it’s a bit difficult on my own ……”
Bai Shao said truthfully!
“Count me in, and it won’t be difficult ……”
Chen Ping said with an icy expression!
Bai Shao looked at Chen Ping with that expression, she had never seen Chen Ping with such an expression before!
“You?” Bai Shao sized up Chen Ping “What can you do?”
Chen Ping did not say anything but slowly took out the Dragon Cutting Sword!
The Unbreakable Golden Body kept flickering up and soon covered Chen Ping’s entire body!
Although Chen Ping only had the strength of the first rank of the Transition Realm, the aura that erupted at this moment was frightening!
Bai Qian’s eyes were wide open, looking at Chen Ping with a face full of astonishment!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was pointing his sword at those people from the Jade Pope Sect and said “You hurt the people around me, so you deserve to die ……”
The bald head was also shocked by Chen Ping’s aura for a moment, but quickly reacted and coldly snorted “Kid, what are you pretending to be? You are only a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, how dare you say such big words?”
“Is that so?”
Chen Ping’s eyes slightly condensed, and a murderous aura filled his eyes!
These guys had injured Ji Yun and also Fire Phoenix and the others, Chen Ping would definitely not stay his hand!
The Divine Dragon Force was continuously injected into the Dragon Slashing Sword, and a golden light flashed up!
Immediately after, Chen Ping chopped out with his sword!
Boom …………
As this sword chopped out, a dragon’s roar instantly resounded, accompanied by a sword aura rising into the sky, a golden dragon visible to the naked eye emitted a hissing roar!
Looking at the golden dragon that hissed in a gust, those people from the Jade Pope Sect were all a little dumbfounded!
Roar …………
The golden dragon descended from the sky and reappeared as countless swords!
“Quickly dodge …………”
Seeing this, Bald Head fought and swung his fist out, striking a barrier, while shouting and starting to retreat!
It was a pity that Bald Head had warned too late!
None of them had placed Chen Ping, a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, in their eyes!
Puff puff puff …………
Countless sword awnings shot out, and the three Third Grade of the Transitional Appearance Realm disciples of the Jade Pope Sect were instantly chopped up by the sword awnings, and directly turned into a pile of flesh and mud!
There were also a few Fourth Grade disciples of the Transitional Apparition Realm who were missing arms and legs, and were obviously not lightly injured!
As Bald Head looked at the situation of his men, his entire body was a bit dumbfounded!
Was this a sword chopped out by a first grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition realm?
This f*cking power was too astonishing!
Bald Head’s brows furrowed, and there were a few moments of panic in his eyes!
And at this moment, the was also stunned and stared wide-eyed!
She had never thought that Chen Ping would be this powerful.
The third and fourth grade cultivators of the Transition Realm were like ants in front of Chen Ping!
This was a bit too outrageous!
“I didn’t expect you kid to be so powerful, no wonder it’s fine several times a day ……”
Bai Shallow said as she looked at Chen Ping with ambiguous eyes!
To say that in the past, Bai Shallow had followed Chen Ping around just to take advantage of Chen Ping’s dragon bloodline!
At this moment, Bai Shao’s eyes were looking at Chen Ping with more love!
When Chen Ping heard that from Bai Shao, he immediately looked embarrassed and said “You go deal with that bald head, leave the rest to me ……”
“Okay, I’ll listen to you ……”
Bai Shallow finished speaking, then looked towards that bald head!
This time, the bald head panicked a bit and rushed to threaten “Fox Imperial Maiden, we are the people of the Jade Pope Sect, if you kill me, our Sect Master won’t spare you.”
“And you also know the methods of our Jade Pope Sect, when the time comes there will be a good time for you ……”
“Bah, I despise you Jade Pope Sect people the most, you only bully females, what kind of f*cking men are you?”
Bai Shallow finished speaking and directly charged towards that bald head!
Bai Shallow’s speed was very fast, she didn’t explode any Qi at all, and even more so, she didn’t use any spiritual power, nor did she use any magic spells, she just charged forward in an ordinary manner!
But even so, Bai Shallow even left several residual shadows behind her, so it was obvious how fast Bai Shallow’s speed was!