“Where are you taking me? This place is like a maze ah ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help himself and asked at Hu Ma Zi.
“You just follow me ……”
Hu Ma Zi finished, took out a compass that was only the size of a palm, and then put a drop of blood on top of the compass!
Immediately after that, the compass shook madly, and the pointer turned rapidly, and finally stayed in one direction. New Penjingge
Hu Ma Zi, on the other hand, walked forwards according to the compass’s directions.
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only follow closely behind and exuded his divine sense with great vigilance.
In one breath, he passed through six or seven stone caves before finally arriving above a square, and Chen Ping’s pupils shrunk slightly.
Directly in front of him, was an entrance, in which there was clearly a huge force of prohibition.
Seeing this entrance, Hu Ma Zi’s eyes flashed with a brilliant light as he said in a low voice, “This should be the place.”
“Found the place?”
Chen Ping asked excitedly.
Hu Ma Zi nodded, “This place, should be the terrain of this Swallowing Sun.”
Hearing Hu Ma Zi say this, Chen Ping clenched his five fingers slightly in excitement.
“Go! Let’s go in.”
To be able to find such a tomb, Chen Ping was very, very excited in his heart.
He did not know what kind of treasures he would be able to find here, but equally, he did not know what dangers he would encounter.
It was impossible for there to be no prohibitions in such a tomb.
But the treasures faced here were definitely much stronger than the Green Leaf Chi.
Hu Ma Zi nodded and took the lead to walk in, telling Chen Ping to follow closely behind and not to move around.
After entering this grotto, Hu Ma Zi carried his hands behind his back, not in a hurry first, but carefully surveyed it, it was really the pattern of the seven stars swallowing the sun, and this last pattern, was the “day”.
A rather majestic grotto, on both sides, carved beams and some divine dwellings, none of them had ever seen before.
This row of divine residences, straight ahead, all the way to the most spectacular peak.
Ninety-nine layers of jade steps, at the top of the jade steps, a white jade seat was placed on the end.
The rest, empty, nothing.
But this throne, was shrouded by a very strong force of prohibition, and an idle person could not get on it.
This path leading to the seat, it seemed that it was not that easy for an idle person to go up either.
“This? There’s nothing here either? Where is the treasure?”
Chen Ping looked at it and asked with some disappointment.
On the other hand, that Hu Ma Zi’s eyes were wide open, staring dead on at the seat above.
“Seven Stars Swallowing the Sun, Tomb of the True Man, above this seat, there must be a treasure!”
Hu Ma Zi’s voice was so excited that it carried a hint of trembling.
Hu Ma Zi seemed to have lost his mind at this moment, his eyes were beaming with light as he directly ran towards the throne.
But just as he stepped onto a step, Hu Ma Zi’s body abruptly burst, feeling a terrifying force pressing towards him.
Hu Ma Zi’s heart sank, and immediately took out a talisman and instantly drew on it.
“Light Wind Incantation ……”
Hu Ma Zi put the talisman on himself, and instantly Hu Ma Zi’s body became incredibly light, and the terrifying oppression just now also disappeared.
Hu Ma Zi quickly walked upwards, but just after taking a few steps, the terrifying power once again pressed.
Hu Ma Zi a not pay attention to, instantly was pressed one knee kneeling, the floor of the steps are cracked!
And the talisman on Hu Ma Zi’s body, also instantly lit up the fire, and finally turned into ashes!
Hu Ma Zi only felt that there was a thousand-pound weight on his body, so much so that he couldn’t stand up straight.
However, Hu Ma Zi gritted his teeth and stood up, finally braced himself and took another step upwards!
But it was this step, another horrible force came, Hu Ma Zi was unsteady, and was instantly bounced off by this force.
Hu Ma Zi’s body fell heavily on the ground, fortunately the up was not high, Hu Ma Zi fell on the ground, spitting out a mouthful of blood.