Facing an army of more than 100,000 troops, the Tenth Highness surprisingly did not have the slightest bit of panic, instead, he had a slight look of excitement!
Xiao Yuanshan’s face was very grave as he faced over 100,000 generals!
He did not give any orders, but these hundred thousand generals, should have sensed the safety of the Imperial City, so they rushed here in droves!
Eighteen generals wearing golden armour and holding lances knelt down in front of Xiao Yuanshan in unison!
“We did not have orders to return to the city, please punish Emperor Xiao.”
The eighteen generals said in unison!
They knew that bringing troops to the Imperial City without orders was a crime of treason!
Xiao Yuanshan looked at the generals in front of him and sighed lightly, “Get up, you are also doing this for the safety of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty, so you are pardoned for your innocence.”
“It’s just that your strength is still shallow, and all of you coming here is just sending yourselves to death for nothing ……”
The reason why Xiao Yuanshan did not call all of his generals back was because for this kind of battle, those whose realms were too low could only be cannon fodder if they came, and were useless!
“Emperor Xiao, we are willing to sacrifice our divine souls to bless the safety of my Xiao Dynasty.”
The eighteen generals said!
“It must not be ……” Xiao YuanShan heard this and immediately shouted to stop it!
If he sacrificed his divine soul, then he would never have a chance to live again, he could not let these generals die!
After all, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty hadn’t reached the point where they would end up dying together in the end!
“Xiao Yuan Shan, there are so many people in your Xiao Imperial Dynasty, yet you bully one person, do you still want to be shameless!”
Accompanied by a cold shout, Zuo Tianzheng came through the air with hundreds of strong men!
Many of these powerhouses were Mahayana Realm experts, all of them were from the major forces in the five regions of the Celestial Realm!
Zuo Tianzheng was afraid that the 10th Highness would not be able to deal with the Xiao Dynasty on his own, so he gave an order and summoned the members of the Demon Sealing Alliance from the five regions, and they all came in droves!
Of course those who came were all experts, some members of the Demon Fencing Alliance who were at a lower realm did not come!
If all of these people had also come, the number of people would have been more than a hundred thousand, not less than these generals of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
In the previous battle, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had lost quite a few experts of the Mahayana Realm!
While the Demon Sealing Alliance had lost only bred devil cultivators, their true strength had not been affected much!
Seeing that Zuo Tianzheng had come and brought so many experts with him, everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s face turned ugly!
Chen Ping was also staring at that Zuo Tianzheng dead on, it was the first time he had seen this person who had used a hundred years of offerings to hunt him down!
Zuo Tianzheng’s gaze also landed on Chen Ping, killing intent surging in his eyes!
As the saying goes, when enemies meet, they are all red in the eyes!
However, Zuo Tianzheng knew that killing Chen Ping was just a matter of passing hands, and that the main thing today was to make the Xiao Imperial Dynasty obedient, or to destroy the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Seeing Zuo Tianzheng and the others who had appeared, Xiao Yuanshan’s complexion became grave as he knew that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty might really be finished today!
A 10th Highness had already caused the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to be in a mess, and now Zuo Tianzheng had brought so many Seal Demon Alliance experts!
Xiao Dynasty’s bottom card was gone, how could it still resist?
Everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty also had ugly faces, facing so many powerhouses was not something that could be made up for in terms of numbers!
“What are you doing here?”
The Tenth Highness coldly glanced at Zuo Tianzheng!
“I’m afraid of you, 10th Highness ……”
Before Zuo Tianzheng could finish speaking, the Tenth Highness then waved his palm!
Zuo Tianzheng instantly flew backwards, all in a mess!
“Get lost, I don’t want anyone to disturb my cat and mouse game.”
The Tenth Highness said icily!
Zuo Tianzheng nodded his head in fear and hurriedly greeted the people he brought with him and backed up a hundred miles!
He was afraid that the Tenth Highness wouldn’t be able to manage on his own, and now it seemed that people didn’t appreciate it!
Zuo Tianzheng did not dare to offend this Tenth Highness, because he had truly seen, the terrifying strength behind the Tenth Highness!