“Hmph, what can I do if I tell you? That girl was captured by Lord Kawaguchi, as if there was some secret in that girl ……”
Ono Jiro said unsuspectingly.
Chen Ping and the others would be dead soon anyway, so it was fine to tell them!
“It really is Kawaguchi Kazuo, he’s the only one who could have captured Yu Han here ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, a cold aura in his eyes!
“What are you islanders doing here setting up a base?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Ono Jiro.
These island warriors, to secretly set up a base in the place of Daxia, must have an agenda.
Chen Ping had to ask out exactly what these people were attempting to do!
Only this time, Ono Jiro did not say, but coldly shouted, “Dead to the world, still wanting to pry into so many things.”
“Kill them for me ……”
Ono Jiro ordered loudly.
He always felt as if Chen Ping was deliberately setting him up!
Several samurai, with their katanas raised, stabbed towards Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
Seeing this, Hu Pazzi hurriedly roared, “Chen Ping, you are strong in flesh and are not afraid of swords and spears, but I can’t, you should break this formation!”
Hu Puzi knew that Chen Ping could definitely break this formation!
“Break it? Are you kidding, this is a formation set up by the divine amba*sador of our Seikan Divine Church himself, how can you possibly break it ……”
Just as Ono Jiro finished his words, he saw a golden light suddenly erupt from Chen Ping’s body!
A terrifying aura swept out, and the few samurai who had originally rushed towards them were instantly blown over to the ground by that terrifying aura!
And the dozens of light compiled into a net were instantly reduced to nothing!
“You …… you ……” Ono Jiro was astonished: “You’re actually a Grand Martial Marquis… …”
Ono Jiro’s face was as ugly as it could be!
“Master Hu, how about giving you the little minion and me this little head?”
Chen Ping said to Pocky Hu.
“No problem ……”
Pocky Hu nodded his head.
Only to see Chen Ping take a step, a terrifying aura erupted from his body, after feeling the aura from Chen Ping, that Ono Jiro turned around and ran!
“You still want to run?”
Chen Ping sneered and chased straight after him!
Seeing this, Ono Jiro snapped his palm backwards, and several huge boulders headed directly towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping just smashed out his fist, and those boulders were instantly turned into powder.
And Chen Ping’s fist continued to gain momentum and slammed into Ono Jiro’s chest!
Ono Jiro’s ribs snapped and a huge mouthful of blood spurted out.
Ono Jiro didn’t dare to stop, his body fled quickly again!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was in no hurry to chase after him, for he knew that this Ono Jiro would definitely be able to lead him to Ge Yuhan!
But Ono Jiro was no fool, he certainly knew Chen Ping’s intentions and did not lead him towards the place where Ge Yuhan was being held!
The cave Ono Jiro was fleeing from was getting narrower and narrower, and it carried an eerie aura!
Just as Ono Jiro was running ahead, he suddenly slapped his palm towards a stone wall, and instantly a golden light shot out on either side.
Because of the small size of the cave, Chen Ping had no room to dodge!
A stream of golden light struck Chen Ping’s body!
Ono Jiro stopped himself with a cold smile on his face!
But when the golden light struck Chen Ping, he didn’t move at all, and there wasn’t a single scratch on his body either!
It was as if the golden light had hit him empty!
“This ……” Ono Jiro was dumbfounded!
He had originally lured Chen Ping here and activated the organ formation so that he could kill him, but he didn’t expect Chen Ping’s physical body to be so strong!
“Where else do you want to run to?”
Chen Ping looked coldly at that Ono Jiro, then swung out a fist, and the terrifying fist wind directly knocked that Ono Jiro out!