Now occupying this small island, every step Chen Ping took gave them a deep shock!
Chen Ping slowly stretched out his hand, and his palm soon touched a trace of resistance, followed by the formation flickering up and a force coming towards Chen Ping!
“Break ……”
Chen Ping’s palm violently erupted with a golden light, and the formation within the dungeon directly collapsed in this instant!
Just like an eggshell, it shattered all over the place and then dissipated!
After the formation was broken, Bao Longxing and the others saw this, then they violently crashed up!
The door of the dungeon was directly smashed open, without the formation, how could this ordinary cell door stop Pao Long Xing and the others!
“Thank you for saving us, fellow Daoist Chen, we were foolish and ignorant, we were hoodwinked by that Su Tianshuo, in the future, we will definitely not do such foolishness again, we look up to fellow Daoist Chen.”
Bao Longxing, the head of the Bao Family, was at this moment licking Chen Ping respectfully!
Chen Ping had already heard this kind of flattery many times, so he did not care!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, what about Su Tianshuo?”
Chen Wenliang asked as he pointed at the dying Su Tianshuo!
Su Tianshuo was currently covered in wounds, his eyes were filled with supplication, “Don’t kill me, let me go, please, please ……”
Su Tianshuo only wanted to live at the moment, what with dominating the medicine world, he no longer wanted it!
But whether Chen Ping would let him live or not, that would be up to Chen Ping!
“When you counted your fellow soldiers, did you ever think of letting them go?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were icy cold, there was no pity in treating this kind of person!
Only to see Chen Ping flick his palm, a strand of Supreme Flame instantly fell onto Su Tianshuo’s body!
“Ah…………”
Su Tianshuo screamed miserably, that scream was very creepy!
All the pill masters could not help but have their bodies shaken when they saw this scene!
In fact, what Chen Ping wanted was this effect, he wanted to deter these pharmacists, otherwise these pharmacists wallflower, if they waited to follow Mu Qiufeng and the others. The big battle, if they directly turned against them, they would be in danger!
Su Tianshuo was directly burnt to ashes by the to fire under the watchful eyes of the crowd, and from the beginning to the end, Chen Ping’s eyes were surprisingly cold!
“Let’s go, that Mu Qiufeng and the others are coming back, a vicious battle is about to begin.”
Chen Ping slowly said!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, there is still one more person who must be dealt with!”
At this moment, Bao Longxing hurriedly spoke!
“Who?”Chen Ping was slightly stunned!
This was led by Su Tianshuo, killing Su Tianshuo would be fine, he didn’t know who else had to be killed!
“It’s that Feng Xing, he was the one who came up with the idea to lure you guys to the Stormy Seas, and he was also the one who brought us here to be imprisoned by the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect.”
“This guy is already a member of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect …….”
Pao Longxing hurriedly led Chen Ping and the others into the depths of the dungeon, and in one of the innermost cells, he saw Feng Xing!
“Pao Longxing, what are you babbling about? It was clearly me who opposed you guys for victimising my own fellow soldiers and was isolated by you guys, why are you now putting it all on me.”
Feng Xing wanted to muddle through and hurriedly defended himself!
Upon hearing Feng Xing’s words, many pharmacists started accusing Feng Xing, as well as abusing him, only that Feng Xing was acting very aggrieved and stoic at the moment!
This time, it made Chen Ping wonder what kind of person this fellow really was!
Looking at Feng Xing’s realm wasn’t very high either, only the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm, not outstanding!
When going to Pill God Island, Chen Ping had not paid any attention to this person either!
“Feng Xing, you left the Feng Clan for many years, I didn’t expect to be here!”
At this time, however, Granny Zhen suddenly stepped out from the crowd and looked at Feng Xing and said!
When Feng Xing saw Granny Zhen, his face instantly became a bit ugly!
“Granny Zhen, you know this fellow?”
Chen Ping asked suspiciously!