“I won’t hide it from Mr Chen, there aren’t any Immortal treasures in this polar region, there are only various kinds of Polar Stones, and this kind of Polar Stones is a very important resource for our Guanghan Palace.”
“Of course this kind of Polar Stones are also very important resources for the Mu Family, as this kind of Polar Stones are helpful for those who cultivate Ice System Techniques.”
“After discovering that there were pole stones in the polar regions, the Mu Family followed our Guanghan Palace to co-operate, wanting to search for them together and then distribute them!”
“It’s just that the Mu Family’s strength is higher than our Broad Cold Palace, and the Mu Family even came to our Broad Cold Palace as elders, so it’s obvious that they don’t trust it.”
“The reason why the Palace Master spread out the news that the Polar Regions is the place where Immortals fell is to attract more people to the Polar Regions, and also to find more cultivators to help our Guanghan Palace.”
“Because the Polar Lands will only have a chance if the Polar Lands are in disarray, and as long as we find the Polar Stone resources, our Broad Cold Palace will no longer have to look at people’s faces!”
Bing Lu said one by one!
Chen Ping looked at Bing Lu dumbfounded, it was obvious that Bing Lu knew everything a long time ago, and that she dared to tell herself everything, it was also definitely authorised by the Palace Master!
Now that they had arrived at the pole, many sects and families had also been tricked into coming over, so there was no need to hide it from Chen Ping!
Chen Ping now sort of understood that even if he did not appear at the Guanghan Palace and did not kill that Mu Kui, the Guanghan Palace would collapse sooner or later after the Mu Family!
His own coming was merely an opportunity for the Guanghan Palace to follow the Mu Family and fall out early!
“What is this pole stone?”
Chen Ping asked!
Binglu, however, shook her head “I don’t know, haven’t seen it before, it was the Palace Master who happened to find it in this place.”
“That time, the Palace Master was seriously injured and recuperated for a long time.”
When Chen Ping heard this, he was a little surprised, the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was a Mahayana realm cultivator, if she was injured even in the Polar Regions, then wouldn’t it be a death sentence for a Transition realm cultivator like them to come?
Binglu saw Chen Ping’s doubts and hurriedly explained “The Palace Master was injured because she mistakenly entered the border of the chaotic land, this polar region is the border land.”
“And there can be no obvious features or obstacles in this border land, if one mistakenly enters the chaos of the border, one would be afraid of losing one’s life.”
“The Palace Master said that she only mistakenly entered a few steps and barely escaped!”
Saying this, Chen Ping sort of understood, that the chaotic land of the border, even the great powers of the Immortalisation Immortalisation went in, and all of them were corpses and bones!
There was nothing more to say about that Mahayana realm of the Palace Master!
“You go and rest, we have to continue our journey tomorrow!”
Chen Ping sent Bing Lu away!
However, Chen Ping himself was in a daze, he didn’t know where this pole stone was, and he didn’t have any map directions, in this vast expanse of snow, where to look for it!
If it was a place where immortals had fallen, it would still be possible to find the exact location according to the intensity of the immortal qi!
Now, they don’t know what the stone is, and they don’t know the breath of the stone, so where can they look for it?
Just when Chen Ping was at a loss for words, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch said “That pole stone should be caused by a magnetic field, in order to find the pole stone, one only needs to look for the place with the strongest magnetic field!”
“Magnetic field ……”
Chen Ping listened to the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch and then rummaged around in his storage ring!
Chen Ping hadn’t slept this night, and with his hands, he began to create things in search of a magnetic field!
With Chen Ping’s divine sense, they could only probe the surrounding items and feel out the surrounding aura, but there was no way to discover the magnetic field!
Now they could only rely on the equipment to find the places with the strongest magnetic fields.
By the time the day dawned, Chen Ping already had two more metal rods in his hands!
The ends of the metal rods had been made sharp.