“What’s wrong with you newcomer, how dare you question Senior Sister Qian?”
“Do you know, Senior Sister Qian is the assessment deacon, when this inner disciple assessment was conducted, she was in the top three.”
“Must also be ignorant, even if you have money, you can’t question senior sister at this time!”
When the other people saw that Chen Ping even disagreed with Qian Xiu’s statement, they immediately blamed Chen Ping!
After all, in their eyes, Qian Xiu was their strongest and most vocal person here!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was also speechless and stopped talking!
But Qian Xiu said, “Well, Junior Brother’s words are not unreasonable, let’s wait for a while and see what happens!”
When the crowd saw that Qian Xiu was not angry and even helped Chen Ping, they were all surprised!
To know that Qian Xiu was not such a good talker, if there was normally a senior brother questioning her, Qian Xiu would have been furious!
Today, she was like a different person!
Qian Xiu pulled Chen Ping and then walked into the light door!
Just after walking in, the door of light behind her instantly disappeared, followed by a wave of heat, as if she was in a flaming mountain!
Fortunately, the crowd had all cultivated fire techniques, and were still able to resist this scorching heat!
The crowd then stared at the heat wave and continued to walk forward!
At first, it was fine, but as they continued to go deeper and deeper, the heat wave became more and more violent, and the pressure became heavier and heavier!
Everyone began to become strained, with sweat beading on their foreheads, and their walking speed was getting slower and slower.
Qian Xiu did not react much to this kind of pressure!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only pretend to be straining and could not let anyone see that he was special!
At the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, if Chen Ping acted too easily now, then he would be suspected!
Soon, several figures sped past them.
Chen Ping looked at those few people as if the pressure had no pressure to speak of on them!
“Those few people are also participating in the Deacon Examination, so the inner gate barrier in front of them has no pressure on them.”
“Actually, I can also leave as fit as they are.”
“But I promised to take care of Junior Brother, so I have to join you!”
Qian Xiu saw Chen Ping’s inappropriate look and explained!
“Thank you, senior sister!”Chen Ping hurriedly thanked him!
And just as Chen Ping was talking after Qian Xiu, Lu San brought his men over as well!
“What? Can’t walk anymore?”
Lu San said with a face full of mockery as he looked at Chen Ping and their strained appearance!
Chen Ping saw that these disciples of the New Sect Master’s lineage, as if this pressure was not a hindrance to them, walked very easily!
“Lu San, you a guy who just practiced the Supreme Fire, you still have the face to laugh at people, when the Supreme Fire test comes later, that’s when you lose face.”
Qian Xiu gave that Lu San a blank look and said!
“Hahaha, you guys won’t see me lose face back there, because you guys can’t pass the barrier in front of you!”
Lu San laughed triumphantly, and then quickly left under Chen Ping’s watchful eye!
The speed of these people was much faster than Chen Ping and the others, this time the crowd felt very discouraged!
“Senior sister, these guys were obviously not hindered by the pressure, so I guess they cheated.”
“That’s right, did they utilise some means to make the mighty pressure reduce or disappear?”
“If the other side cheated, won’t we definitely lose?”
When the crowd saw Lu San and the others leave with ease, they were all sceptical one by one!
Qian Xiu had a cold face, she also didn’t know if the other party had cheated, but even if they had, there was nothing they could do!
After all, the main examiner of the test was also one of their own!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then erupted an aura that instantly formed a shield around the crowd, fending off all of that pressure and heat waves!
These were but the assessment of the inner disciples, for Chen Ping, it was just like a child playing house, this bit of mighty pressure was nothing more than a show of hands if they wanted to block it!