Red Lotus Palace!
It’s already dawn, but Chen Ping and the others are still asleep, after all, they didn’t even sleep well last night!
Rumble ……
Suddenly, there was a loud, earth-shattering sound, followed by the boulders in front of the Red Lotus Palace instantly becoming shattered.
And the illusion that protected the Red Lotus Palace also disappeared instantly at this moment.
This sudden rumble instantly woke up Chen Ping and the others.
Ji Ru Xue got up and led the others towards the palace gate, while Chen Ping also hurriedly got up and followed them.
Only to see that in front of the Red Lotus Palace gate, Zhou Tianyin, with the Zhou family’s men, was looking intently at the Red Lotus Palace.
An endless killing intent erupted from Zhou Tianyin’s body.
Everyone’s heart trembled when they felt this killing intent.
At this moment, Ji Ru Xue’s body had not yet fully recovered, and when she saw Zhou Tianyin personally bring the Zhou family members to her door, her face turned extremely ugly.
“Master of the Zhou Family, I wonder what you are doing coming to my Red Lotus Palace in such an aggressive manner?”
Ji Ru Xue steadied her mood and asked Zhou Tianyin.
“Ji Ru Xue, you stinking b*tch, don’t f*cking pretend for me, who killed my second brother and ruined my Zhou family, tell him to get out ……”
Zhou Tianyin knew that this matter could not have been done by Ji Ru Xue, she did not have that ability.
When Ji Ru Xue heard this, she frowned and said, “Zhou family head, your second brother joined forces with Xiao Da of the Sacred Beast Palace, tricked me into drugging me and tried to plot against me, he is now dead, and he is to blame ……”
When Zhou Tianyin heard this, his anger increased, “Ji Ruxue, when you say this, you mean you don’t want to hand over the man, right? Then I will slaughter your Red Lotus Palace today to avenge my second brother’s death ……”
Zhou Tianyin said, his body’s aura instantly soared, and a wave of intimidating power pressed towards the Red Lotus Palace’s crowd.
Some of the Red Lotus Palace disciples with low strength began to turn pale and vomit blood continuously.
Chen Ping, who had been at the back, felt the aura of this Zhou Tian Yin and his face became extremely grave!
The strength of this Zhou Tianyin looked no worse than Zhu Zhishan.
Chen Ping did not expect that in a place like the southwestern frontier, there would still be an expert like Zhou Tianyin.
“The person who killed your brother was me, it has nothing to do with anyone else ……”
Chen Ping’s body violently emitted an aura that resisted Zhou Tianyin’s oppressive pressure, causing the Red Lotus Palace crowd to all let out a sigh of relief.
Slowly walking to the front, Chen Ping faced Zhou Tianyin directly.
“Master, that’s him, he’s the one who killed the Second Master ……”
At this moment, the Zhou family’s subordinate recognized Chen Ping, and said excitedly.
“Good boy, you are surprisingly strong at such a young age, who do you study under? And which family’s grandson is it?”
Zhou Tianyin was preoccupied with cultivation and did not pay much attention to martial arts forums, so he did not know Chen Ping either.
Seeing that Chen Ping was so young and had such terrifying strength, he was afraid that Chen Ping had some kind of power behind him!
Although the Zhou family was considered a powerful family in Wancheng, and could even be counted among the top in the entire southwest, but outside of this area, their Zhou family was nothing.
Especially in the Kyoto martial arts world, which family had a deep background behind them, Zhou Tianyin did not dare to provoke.
“You little master I do not change my name, Chen Ping is my …… name.”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Chen Ping?” Zhou Tianyin frowned as he pondered over the name, but soon, Zhou Tianyin’s eyes lit up, “Oh, I remember, the one who killed Ning Hai was you, right?”
“Not bad!” Chen Ping nodded cheerfully.
“Good boy, don’t think that you can call the shots in Kyoto and still do whatever you want here, since you admitted to killing my brother, then use your life to pay for it ……”
Zhou Tianyin finished speaking and leapt straight up.
Boom!
A terrifying palm wind descended from the sky and suppressed towards Chen Ping.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping roared, followed by a fist that swung out violently!