They were afraid that if Jiang Yulian committed suicide, then they wouldn’t get anything out of it.
“Bah, even if I die, I won’t let you guys have your way, I’ll remember you guys even if I become a ghost, I won’t let you go.”
Jiang Yulian said viciously with her eyes rounded.
“Hahaha, as a cultivator, you even said such words, do you think we will let you become a ghost?”
“When we’re done being comfortable, we’ll just destroy your divine soul, when you can’t even be a ghost!”
A Blood and Bone Sect disciple laughed madly, then pounced towards Jiang Yulian!
“Stop ……”
A sudden angry cry rang out like thunder in the clear sky, resounding over the entire Soul Demon Sect!
Di Chongjing and the many disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect all looked up to find a blimp rapidly approaching!
Seeing a blimp, Di Chongjing’s face instantly became somewhat ugly!
After all, something like a blimp was not something that just any cultivator could use, and it wasn’t something that an ordinary sect could have!
Now that such a huge airship had suddenly appeared, Di Chongjing didn’t know what kind of people were on this airship!
If it was someone who had come to find the Soul Demon Sect to remake their flesh, that would be troublesome!
Before Di Chongjing could react, the blimp slowly dropped down, followed by two people walking down from the blimp!
“Mr Chen …………”
Seeing Chen Ping walking down from the blimp, Ochre Yan, Jiang Yulian as well as Patriarch Jiang they instantly became excited.
And when Di Chongjing saw this, he also smiled.
He had originally thought that there would be quite a few people on this blimp, but he did not expect that there would only be two people, and both of them were only at the Transition Realm, with the highest being only at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm.
This kind of small cultivator, it was not necessary to use Di Chong Jing’s hand, his own men could do it.
Chen Ping walked over to Ochre Yan and pulled him up with a smooth movement.
“Are you alright?”Chen Ping asked.
“It’s fine, it’s just that these Bloody Bone Sect guys, they want to defile the Jade Lotus, Mr Chen must help me.”
Ochre Yan said.
“Bloody Bone Sect guys?”Chen Ping’s heart was delighted, then he took a glance at Di Chongjing and the rest of them, these Blood and Bone Sect guys.
“Are you really the people of the Blood and Bone Sect?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Not bad, we are people from the Blood and Bone Sect, and who are you two? If you are not from the Soul Demon Sect, then get lost immediately and don’t influence us.”
Di Chongjing asked at Chen Ping.
“You are quite rampant, how dare you tell me to get lost, I will now let you know what kind of person I am.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly took out the token of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Chen Ping knew that if these people from the Blood and Bone Sect had not been rescued by Xiao Huang Chao and were languishing in Xiao Huang Chao’s territory, they would have been dead long ago.
Therefore, these people from the Blood and Bone Sect should be grateful to Xiao Huang Dynasty.
When Di Chong Jing saw the token in Chen Ping’s hand, he could not help but be shocked and hurriedly became respectful, ”So it is someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, I don’t know about this fellow Daoist, what is the reason for you to come to the Soul Demon Sect? Is it someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty who wants to reshape their flesh?”
Di Chongjing regarded Chen Ping as someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, after all, someone who could get the Xiao Imperial Token would definitely not be an ordinary person, and might even have a very high status in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“I’m not here to find the Soul Demon Sect to remould my flesh, I’m just passing by and taking a look at a good friend.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Upon hearing this, Di Chong Jing’s face became a little gloomy and uncertain.
On the other hand, Ochre Yan and the others were full of confusion, not understanding how long it had been, Chen Ping had become a person of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and looking at the posture of holding the token, it was estimated that his status in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was not low!
They all knew the Xiao Dynasty, it was the biggest power in the Western Region, even in the Celestial Realm, the Xiao Dynasty was considered to be one of the top powers!
Otherwise, back then, when the Blood and Bone Sect fled to the territory of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Patriarch Jiang and the others wouldn’t have dared to chase after them!
“Fellow Daoist, I don’t know who you are friends with following the Soul Demon Sect?”
Di Chongjing asked!