With the tracking talisman burning up in Zhu Zhishan’s hand, Chen Ping’s whereabouts were once again revealed.
Seeing that Chen Ping had unexpectedly changed direction, Zhu Zhishan smiled coldly, “Still f*cking playing this game with me, you will never be able to pull out of my palm today ……”
After saying that, Zhu Zhishan led his men to chase towards Chen Ping again.
After running a distance, Chen Ping began to sit down to recover his strength, he felt that those people from the Martial Alliance should not be able to catch up this time.
But not long after Chen Ping sat down, a few familiar auras came once again, which caused Chen Ping to burst into a rage.
“sh*t, it’s not over ……”
Chen Ping had just gotten up when four figures surrounded Chen Ping.
Zhu Zhishan then looked coldly at Chen Ping: “You kid are able enough to escape, but even if you can escape, you can’t escape from me.”
“I’m running away, D*mn you, I just don’t want to play along with you guys, do you think I’m afraid of you guys from the Martial Alliance?”
“A bunch of moralistic guys who collude with evil cultivators, you are also worthy of being the Martial Dao Alliance’s alliance leader?”
“If you’re like that, your parents would be ashamed of you even if they were in heaven!”
Chen Ping had been chased all the way and was already furious, so he simply took it out on Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan was so angry at Chen Ping that he froze in his tracks.
He had never encountered such a thing before.
He had to know that Chen Ping was now a Martial Marquis, so how could an expert of this strength scold people like a shrew?
Seeing Zhu Zhishan’s dumbfounded look, Chen Ping said once again, “Hurry the hell up and do it, I’m not afraid of you, a few of you go together!”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was getting colder and colder, the murderous aura on his body filled out, even the guys from the Haste Martial Alliance that he brought with him couldn’t help but feel this murderous aura on Zhu Zhishan’s body, and they were all scared to death.
“Kid, if I don’t break you into pieces today, I won’t be the head of this alliance ……”
Zhu Zhishan roared in anger as the terrifying aura on his body exploded.
A golden light also appeared on Chen Ping’s body, and golden scales covered Chen Ping’s entire body.
Without waiting for Zhu Zhi Shan to react, Chen Ping then shot out directly towards Zhu Zhi Shan.
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes faintly stared at him as he pushed his palm forward, and a white light condensed in front of him.
This white light was a barrier, blocking Zhu Zhishan’s body.
When Chen Ping’s fist smashed up, the barrier in front of Zhu Zhishan shattered with a sound, while Zhu Zhishan reached out and grabbed Chen Ping’s fist after his fist had released its power.
Chen Ping’s heart was slightly shocked, although the barrier had just caused Chen Ping’s fist to release a lot of power, even so, the power of this fist could break the mountain and crack the stone.
However, Zhu Zhishan was able to grab Chen Ping’s fist with one hand, preventing Chen Ping from advancing even a little bit.
This Zhu Zhishan was even stronger than Ning Hai, and with Zhu Zhishan bringing along a few of his men, Chen Ping knew that it was almost impossible for him to win today, so he could only look for a way to almost continue to escape.
“Hmph, something that doesn’t measure itself, showing off in front of me, you’re still a bit young ……”
As Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, his other palm, instantly slapped at Chen Ping’s chest!
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body was instantly slapped out, and only after hitting many trees in a row did Chen Ping’s body come to a halt.
This slap caused the scales on Chen Ping’s chest to fall off a lot, revealing tight muscles!
Chen Ping did not care about that, but gritted his teeth and charged towards Zhu Zhishan again.
Seeing this desperate attitude of Chen Ping, instead of dodging, Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile.
“Let me see how strong your flesh is ……”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, the aura on his body also began to soar, followed by his entire body turning into a ray of light as he also crashed towards Chen Ping.