Although Zuo Tianzheng had been here before, his heart jumped every time he came!
Only to see that the guards at the entrance of the main hall were all Mahayana realm cultivators!
On both sides of the hall, cultivators of the 6th and 7th level of the Mahayana realm even stood on both sides, not even qualified to sit!
This is still the tenth hall of the divine hall, Zuo Tianzheng has heard that the ten palaces of the divine hall are ranked according to their strength, and the tenth hall is the worst!
The worst one of the divine hall, are such strength, can imagine how huge the power of the divine hall in the end!
“Father ……”
Entering the grand hall, the Tenth Hall hurriedly called out to a middle-aged man sitting at the first place of the grand hall!
The middle-aged man was dressed in a yellow robe with a crown on his head and a very cold expression!
This person was the Tenth Hall Lord, the father of the Tenth Highness!
In the entire hall, the Tenth Hall Lord was the supreme existence!
Zuo Tianzheng didn’t dare to look directly at the Ten Hall Lord, and even those cultivators sitting on both sides didn’t dare to look directly at him!
The cultivators standing on both sides are all in the sixth or seventh level of the Mahayana realm!
The seated cultivators were imaginable!
Zuo Tianzheng was kneeling in the middle, his head lowered, where was he still in the style of the alliance leader!
“Defeated?”
The Tenth Hall Master slowly spoke!
The Tenth Hall Master did not speak, but instead glanced at Zuo Tianzheng.
“Reporting back to the Palace Lord, we have only temporarily retreated, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty already exists in name only.”
“But at the last moment, an old Taoist appeared and blocked the path of the Tenth Highness.”
Zuo Tianzheng reported with a trembling body!
“You’re talking about that old bastard Wuji, right?”The Tenth Hall Master said!
“Yes, it’s that Wuji old bastard ……”
Zuo Tianzheng nodded!
“Father, that old bastard he ……”
The Tenth Highness still wanted to explain, but just as he opened his mouth, he was reprimanded by the Tenth Hall Master, “Shut up, get lost and go face the wall, the thing that disgraces my God Race.”
The Tenth Hall Master shrank his head in fear, then after giving Zuo Tianzheng a slightly meaningful look, he turned around and left!
He was afraid that Zuo Tianzheng was talking nonsense after he left, so he gave him a wink of warning!
“I remember you promised me that you would unify the Celestial Realm, now you can’t even deal with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, how can you still unify the Celestial Realm?”
The Tenth Hall Master asked indifferently!
Zuo Tianzheng’s body trembled and said, “Hall Master, our Demon Sealing Alliance does have the ability to unify the Celestial Realm, it just takes some time.”
“It’s just that a fellow named Chen Ping appeared behind us, disrupting the entire plan.”
“There’s also Old Taoist Wuji, who secretly saved quite a few demonic cultivators, also had a great influence on our Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Zuo Tian was about to find a good excuse for himself, or else the Demon Sealing Alliance’s alliance leader would probably have to change!
“You’re looking for an excuse?”The Tenth Highness coldly counted!
“My subordinate does not dare, indeed by that Wuji old road influence is very big, this time ten highness is also don’t that Wuji old road injured, that Wuji old road even also insulted ten highness, let ten highness come back to eat milk ……”
Zuo Tianzheng lowered his head and whispered!
Zuo Tianzheng knew that these people of the Divine Race were the most facetious, and if they were insulted, they would definitely get angry!
Sure enough, as soon as Zuo Tianzheng’s words fell, the anger on the Ten Hall Masters’ bodies rose!
“Hmph, to have someone insult my God Race is simply looking for death.”
“I don’t care what kind of Daoist he is, I’ll smash him to death with one punch!”
At the left head of the Ten Palace Lords, a burly man with a formidable body type, fiercely got up and roared!
“Luo Ta, can you kill that Wuji old bastard?”The Tenth Hall Lord asked!
“Hall Master, I can, Your Highness’s revenge, I’ll avenge it for him.”
“I don’t care what strength that old bastard is, I can smash him to pieces with just one punch.”
Rota said as he waved his huge fist!
“Alright, go and take care of it, but try not to provoke the people of Sun Moon City, that old bastard Wuji is now a VIP of Sun Moon City!”
The Tenth Hall Master commanded!
Zuo Tianzheng, on the other hand, listened in disbelief, not knowing what the Sun Moon City was that the Tenth Hall Master was talking about.
He had been in the Celestial Realm for so many years, and the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance were spread throughout the entire Celestial Realm, and it seemed that he had not heard of any Sun Moon City!
The five major regions of the Celestial Realm also did not have such a Sun Moon City.
“Lead the way!”Luo Ta clasped his fists, then picked up Zuo Tianzheng with one hand and quickly disappeared!