On the other side, Chen Ping, leading his men slowly towards the hinterland of the island, was soon blocked by several figures in front of him.
When Chen Ping looked, he found that it was actually Watanabe Ichiro who had stopped himself with his men.
This surprised Chen Ping a little, shouldn’t this Watanabe Ichiro have gone to the centre of the island long ago to look for the crystal ball? How could he stop himself here?
“Watanabe Ichiro, what do you want to do?”
Seeing that Watanabe Ichiro was stopping in front of him, Andrew leapt forward and asked directly in front of Watanabe Ichiro.
“What I want to do, aren’t you guys clear?”
Watanabe Ichiro’s face was full of smugness, and there was a murderous look in his eyes.
Seeing that this Watanabe Ichiro didn’t hide his murderous intent, Chen Ping frowned, “Aren’t you going to find a crystal ball, are you deliberately here to block us?”
“Find a fart crystal ball, I’ll kill all of you and we’ll still win then, don’t think that if you beat me in the ring, I’ll bow down to you ……”
Watanabe Ichiro narrowed his eyes, and the murderous aura on his body became more and more dense.
Seeing that this Watanabe Ichiro’s killing heart was rising, the aura on Chen Ping’s body was also starting to climb.
All of the people from the Dharma Protection Court flashed their weapons.
When Andrew waved his hand, all his men also flashed their weapons.
“Watanabe Ichiro, a defeated man under you, now that two of our teams are united, do you think you can kill us?”
Andrew sneered.
“Hahahaha, you bunch of reckless men, if I want to kill you, I don’t even need to do it, I just need you to kill each other.”
As Ichiro Watanabe finished speaking, the three masked men in black behind him suddenly murmured and chanted an incantation at the same time.
As the incantations from the three men’s mouths became faster and faster, a layer of pink mist suddenly began to envelop the island.
Looking at the roiling mist, Chen Ping cried out, “Everyone, hold your breath.”
As soon as Chen Ping finished speaking, he saw Andrew’s men start to scream one by one, then fall to the ground and start to roll around in pain.
Andrew was instantly baffled when he saw the men he had brought in suddenly turn into this state.
“Chen, what the …… hell is going on here?”
Andrew asked in surprise.
“Andrew, are you alright?” Chen Ping asked to Andrew as he saw everyone Andrew had brought with him tumbling in pain.
Andrew shook his head, but then Andrew’s eyes suddenly flashed a flash of scarlet, and then he slammed his fist towards Chen Ping.
Andrew’s sudden attack smashed directly into Chen Ping’s chest, and Chen Ping’s body was instantly knocked out.
It kept flying out for more than ten metres before it hit a tree and came to a halt.
“Mr. Chen ……”
“Instructor Chen ……”
Xu Shimao led those from the Dharma Protection Pavilion to rush over and helped Chen Ping up.
Chen Ping looked at Andrew, who had suddenly attacked himself, and his frown deepened.
And at this moment, Andrew grabbed his head and desperately hit the big tree.
“Ah …………” Andrew shouted, “Chen, kill me quickly, I can’t control myself.”
With only a shred of sanity left, Andrew fought to keep control of his body.
Watanabe Ichiro looked at the scene in front of him and laughed outright with delight, “Hahahaha, it’s useless, being poisoned by the other side of the flower, no one can cure it except me, you’d better obey orders.”
“Holy sh*t …………”
Andrew looked at the wildly laughing Watanabe Ichiro, his eyes were full of anger, and then he blasted his fist towards Watanabe Ichiro.
Ichiro Watanabe shifted his feet and dodged without panic.
The three men in black with masks, on the other hand, sped up their incantations; Andrew was too strong, so it would take time to completely control Andrew.