“Young man, you must not misunderstand, we are from the Pill God Valley, we have no malice in coming this time, we just unintentionally felt the aura of a spiritual elixir and came here on purpose to check it out ……”
The old man had a kind face, expressing that he had no malicious intent.
“Pill God Valley?” Chen Ping had never heard of it before, so he frowned, “Then what is your relationship following the Pill King Mansion?”
Chen Ping only knew that there was a Pill King Mansion, a department set up by the Bai Family in Jiangbei that specialized in acquiring medicinal materials and refining pills, and now the Pill King Mansion was still collecting medicinal materials for Chen Ping and sending them to him from time to time.
“The Pill King’s House?” The old man faintly stared, before turning his head to look at the young man beside him.
Obviously this old man did not know what the Pill King Mansion Chen Ping was referring to was.
But the Pill King’s Mansion was also famous in Jiangnan and Jiangbei provinces, and many people from the martial arts world would go there to seek medicine, and this old man actually did not know about the Pill King’s Mansion, so he was obviously not a local.
The young man saw the old man looking at himself and hurriedly explained, “Grand Elder, this Pill King House is at best just a pharmacy, it also practices low grade pills on its own, it has some popularity in Jiangnan and Jiangbei, but it is only touted by some people in the martial arts world, it is supported by the Bai family in Kyoto!”
As soon as the old man heard the young man’s explanation, it immediately dawned on him and he looked at Chen Ping and said, “Our Pill God Valley follows this Pill King’s House that you are talking about, it doesn’t have the slightest relationship.”
“Kid, that Pill King Mansion is nothing more than a loud name, where does it deserve to be compared to our Pill God Valley, all I need is a phone call and I can have that Bai Xiushan of the Bai Family remove the Pill King Mansion ……”
The young man said with a face full of disdain.
“Yu Dong, I brought you out of the mountain so that you could learn more, how can you be so flamboyant?”
The old man’s face was slightly cold as he reprimanded the young man called Yu Dong.
Seeing this, the young man was so frightened that he did not dare to make any more noise.
As Chen Ping listened to the young man’s words, he couldn’t help but be interested in the Pill God Valley, just what kind of strength did this Pill God Valley have that it could make the Bai Family withdraw the Pill King’s Mansion with just one phone call?
The White Family is considered a prestigious family in Kyoto, so it is not something that can be ordered by just anyone.
“No matter if you follow that Pill King Mansion or not, this is my private place, please leave, I want to sleep ……”
Chen Ping gave an expulsion order, not wanting to follow two people to entangle, no matter what strength this Pill God Valley had, Chen Ping did not intend to entertain these two people today.
“Young man, we came all the way up here just to see the elixir in your hand, can you let me take a look at it?”
The old man asked Chen Ping with a sincere face.
Chen Ping glanced at the Marrow Cleansing Pill in his hand before pocketing it straight away, “I can’t, you better leave now, you are not welcome here ……”
Chen Ping did not know these two people, nor did he know anything about the Pill God Valley, so how could he easily hand over the Marrow Cleansing Pill to a stranger.
“Kid, our Grand Elder has said so, how dare you refuse, you are looking for death ……”
With that said, the young man named Yu Dong’s body exploded with Qi in pa*sing, that terrifying Qi swept towards Chen Ping with an endless wave of Qi.
This was intended to scare Chen Ping, while the old man, this time, did not stop that young man.
Chen Ping’s face turned cold: “Are you trying to make a move? I can accompany you …………”
Chen Ping’s body shook slightly, and a terrifying killing aura came overwhelmingly, directly following that young man’s aura as it collided into each other.
The mountain top, which was originally silent and calm and peaceful, was now actually blowing a gust of wind under the collision of the two auras.
“I didn’t expect you to have such strength ……”
The young man could not help but frown slightly under the collision of breaths, said.
And Chen Ping also felt a little surprised, because the young man in front of him, looking not too old, but his strength was obviously much higher than Bai Zhan Tang.