“Miss Gu, talk with evidence, which of your eyes saw me hit your brother, besides your brother took my stone and didn’t return it, this is robbing other people’s belongings, don’t you, a person from the Guardian Pavilion, care to take care of it?”
Boss Cui was not afraid of Gu Ling’er in the slightest and asked with a cold smile.
“Sister, don’t listen to his nonsense, I bought this stone, I can spend money on it ……”
Gu Feng hurriedly followed Gu Ling’er and explained!
“You shut up!” Gu Ling’er angrily yelled towards Gu Feng, “I’ll fix you up when we get home!”
Seeing that Gu Ling’er was really angry, Gu Feng gripped the stone with both hands and lowered his head, not daring to speak anymore!
“Boss Cui, I heard what you said, my brother used to be able to pay a deposit to open the stone here, but now that the goods are out, you’re saying that you can’t, so you’re obviously setting a trap for my brother?”
Gu Ling’er was not stupid, she could see that this was a trap set by the owner of the gambling shop for Gu Feng.
“Miss Gu, you have to be responsible for your words, we are all decent traders, besides so many folks are here, the rule in our gambling world is to pay with one hand and sell with the other, I let him open it before because I saw his pity, today I am not selling it like this, is it not okay? Is it against the law?”
Boss Cui looked at Gu Ling’er aggressively, and for a moment it left Gu Ling’er speechless!
“Give him the stone ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping and Su Yuqi also pushed their way through the crowd!
“Brother-in-law ……” Seeing Chen Ping, Gu Feng lit up: “Brother-in-law, this is imperial green, it’s worth at least a few million, how can we give it back to them?”
Gu Feng’s cry of brother-in-law scared Gu Ling’er and Chen Ping, this was in front of Su Yuqi, how could this Gu Feng call it indiscriminately!
Su Yuqi was stunned, looked at Chen Ping and also looked at Gu Ling’er, her face was full of questions!
“Gu Feng, you son of a b*tch, how many times have I told you, I have nothing to do with Chen Ping, he is not your brother-in-law, why are you still calling nonsense, Chen Ping’s girlfriend is your sister Yu Qi, she is my cla*smate ……”
Gu Ling’er’s face was red with shame as she scolded loudly and angrily at Gu Feng!
Gu Feng was stunned, only then did he realize that Chen Ping followed Su Yuqi was holding hands, so Chen Ping really wasn’t his sister’s boyfriend, it was his own misunderstanding!
Although Gu Feng was a bit lost in his heart, but at this time, he could not call out indiscriminately, so with a twinkle in his eye, he hurriedly explained: “What’s wrong with me calling my brother-in-law? It’s my sister Yu Qi’s boyfriend, so I can’t call him brother-in-law? Am I right, Sister Yu Qi?”
Gu Feng met Su Yuqi for the first time, but he followed the example of an old acquaintance, calling her sister by the mouth!
Gu Ling’er was baffled by this guy, while Chen Ping had a glint of admiration in his eyes, although this Gu Feng was timid and rather wimpy, his reflexes were really fast!
Su Yuqi was also delighted by Gu Feng’s call and asked Gu Ling’er, “Ling’er, is this the mischievous brother you always talked about at school?”
Gu Ling’er nodded and couldn’t help but glare at that Gu Feng!
“Sister Yu Qi, you have to do something for me, this stone is something I paid for, they are obviously just screwing me ……”
Gu Feng knew that Chen Ping’s strength was not ordinary, and that he was able to follow the Red Phoenix Hall to make connections, so he would definitely not be an ordinary person.
That’s why he asked Su Yuqi to make the decision for him, as long as Su Yuqi gave the word, could Chen Ping still not obey obediently? You know that in this society nowadays, men listen to women!
Su Yuqi gave Chen Ping a look, “Chen Ping, help him!”
“Gu Feng, return the stone to them, since there are rules, then follow the rules ……”
Chen Ping said to Gu Feng.
“Brother-in-law, this is imperial green, it’s worth several million ……” Gu Feng looked anxious and winked desperately towards Chen Ping, he thought Chen Ping didn’t know what imperial green was!