Chen Ping used his divine sense to probe for half a day, but he did not detect any other person’s scent, and it was obvious that the other party had eliminated all traces of their scent!
This time, it was afraid that it would be difficult to find out who did it!
“Let me find out who did it, I must break them into pieces ……”
Luo Shouhai hissed as a terrifying aura erupted from his body!
At the same time, Luo Shouhai’s divine sense, covered the entire Blood Spirit Valley, he wanted to see what kind of person came to the Blood Spirit Valley and killed all of his disciples!
However, after half a day of probing with his divine sense, Luo Shouhai didn’t detect any other person’s aura!
“Master Luo Valley, I have also checked, the other party should have deliberately erased their scent and traces, so they couldn’t be detected.”
Chen Ping said to Luo Shouhai!
“Ah …………”
Luo Shouhai hissed like a madman, his heart filled with aggression and unwillingness!
Jin Dong also gritted his teeth and said, “Is it possible that we can’t find out who it is and just let it go?My brothers and sisters died in vain?”
Jin Dong was also resentful, but what’s the use of being resentful, now he couldn’t find out who did it!
“Could it be that Cheng Jing will do it?After all, when Mr Chen had just come out of the Divine Demon Battlefield, that guy wanted to kill Mr Chen but was stopped by Master Luo Gu, what if he was upset and went after the Blood Spirit Valley?”
Ji Yun guessed and said!
“Impossible, although my senior brother is competitive and ruthless, he would never do such a thing to our Blood Spirit Valley, how can I say that we are also from the same clan?”
Luo Shouhai shook his head, he simply didn’t believe that Cheng Jing would have done it!
“This is really strange, it is reasonable to say that the Blood Spirit Valley has always been peaceful and never fought with others, who is so ruthless to do something that would exterminate the sect?”
Bai Shao opened her mouth and said!
The reputation of the Blood Spirit Valley had always been good, no matter if it was the human race, the demon race or the beast race, they all admired Luo Shouhai’s behaviour!
Now that this kind of thing had suddenly appeared, it really made it hard for people to guess!
“Luo Gu Master, I know that there is a type of demonic beast called the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast that can trace back its scent, even if the other party deliberately erases its scent, this type of demonic beast can still recover.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man said after Luo Shouhai!
Hearing the words of the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, Luo Shouhai frowned and said, “I’ve also heard of this kind of demonic beast, but where are we going to find this kind of demonic beast ah, not to mention that even if we find it, will this demonic beast listen to us, or maybe it will even attack us.”
“I know this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, there is this kind of demonic beast in Spirit Beast Valley, I can help you guys to get one.”
Upon hearing this, Bai Shallow hurriedly said!
As a figure among the Three Emperors and Four Kings of the Beast Clan, Bai Shallow should not have much of a problem getting a demonic beast!
“Spirit Beast Valley, that’s the Lion King’s territory, right?”
Fire Phoenix said after listening!
“Yes, it’s the Lion King’s territory, but asking him for a Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, this guy won’t be petty, not to mention that there aren’t still you around!”
Bai Shao said as she looked at Fire Phoenix!
“That’s true, a Spirit Rhinoceros Beast is just a beast, back then, the Lion King didn’t have to dip into this girl’s light!”
Fire Phoenix said very proudly.
Although Chen Ping didn’t know what a Spiritual Rhinoceros Beast was, he heard them say so, so he said, “Then I’ll follow you two, hurry up and get a Spiritual Rhinoceros Beast.”
“Okay, let’s go ……”
Bai Shao nodded!
Chen Ping followed Ji Yun and explained a few things, letting Ji Yun help Luo Shouhai take care of the aftermath here!
He, on the other hand, followed Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow, heading straight to Spirit Beast Valley!
The Spirit Beast Valley was on the other side of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the distance was thousands of miles, Chen Ping was afraid that it would take a day and a night even if they travelled at full speed!
However, if Chen Ping was proficient in the Sentinel Fire Steps, a hundred miles in one step, then it wouldn’t take much longer, now they could only fly in the air and rush as quickly as possible!