Jiang Yulian pursed her lips and said “Mr Cheng, I don’t blame you for this friend, let’s go ……”
Jiang Yulian walked forwards, Chen Ping followed behind.
Soon, they arrived at a land of flowers and grasses, only to see that this piece of flowers and grasses had a strange fragrance, and this flavour made Chen Ping feel very comfortable personally!
Not only the body, but even the soul seemed to be baptised, that comfortable feeling, Chen Ping had no way to describe it!
“This flower is so peculiar, why do I feel like I’m full of power?”
Ochre Yan, who was in the sea of consciousness, suddenly exclaimed!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, his aura surged and he casually made a move, then a flower flew towards Chen Ping and was grabbed in his hand!
The flower was pink in colour, with four petals separated and a stamen in the centre.
“What a peculiar flower ah ……”
Chen Ping sighed!
“Mr Cheng, this is a Soul Flower, these flowers can strengthen the soul and also help the soul to shape the body.”
“If one’s soul is crippled, if one stays here for a few days, one’s soul can also return to its place.”
Jiang Yulian narrated to Chen Ping!
And Ochre Yan’s whole body burst when he heard about Soul Plasticity!
He had been living in Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, and if he wanted to return to real life, he would need to remould his physical body or take over someone else’s body to do so!
If he remoulded his physical body, Ochre Yan did not have that ability, and Chen Ping had no way to help!
The only thing that could be done was to find a suitable physical body and then take it over, but then one would need to live with someone else’s face for the rest of one’s life!
Now that Ochre Yan heard that the Soul Flower in front of him was actually able to help the soul to mould its body, he became a little excited!
Chen Ping also sensed Ochre Yan’s abnormality and then said to Jiang Yulian “Miss Jiang, what do you mean, having this Soul Flower can help the soul mould the body?”
“Of course, but the strength realm of the residual soul can’t be too high, otherwise the failure rate is very high, maybe the residual soul will go up in smoke.”
> Jiang Yulian nodded and said!
“Then this friend of mine, is it possible to remake his physical body? He is only at the Harmonisation Realm.”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
Ochre Yan had followed him for some time, and had helped Chen Ping quite a bit during this time, and a lot of what he knew about demonic cultivators was known through Ochre Yan!
Now if there was a chance, Chen Ping still hoped to be able to remake Ochre Amazing’s physical body and return his freedom!
As long as he had a physical body, Ochre Yan could go after his own happiness!
“Of course you can, only the matter of remoulding the physical body requires my master to complete.”
“But you are the saviour of my senior brother and I, my master should agree.”
Jiang Yulian said!
“My master will definitely agree, my master is the one who dislikes owing favours the most, when we dine in the evening, I’ll ask for you.”
Zheng Jian also spoke up!
“Thank you both then!” Chen Ping hurriedly thanked him!
However, Chen Ping knew that Patriarch Jiang would not live for many more days, and if he were to spend his spiritual energy to help Ochre Amazing reshape his flesh, he would probably die even faster!
Hearing that Chen Ping had actually asked about reshaping his flesh for himself, Ochre Yan was touched and said “Mr Chen, thank you ……”
“You have followed me for such a long time, it is time to return your freedom.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Following Jiang Yulian and also Zheng Jian around the Soul Demon Sect for half a day, although the Soul Demon Sect did not have any particularly beautiful buildings and pavilions, Chen Ping also gained a deeper understanding of the souls through the conversations he had following Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian!
It wasn’t until after dark that a member of the Soul Demon Sect came to call them to go eat, and only then did Chen Ping and the three of them head to one of the halls of the Soul Demon Sect together!
Meals were no longer of any use to Transition Realm cultivators like them, even if they didn’t eat or drink, they wouldn’t starve to death!
But even if they were cultivators who couldn’t starve to death, they still had to feel the pleasure of savouring food!
The meals were no longer for sustenance, but for enjoyment!