“Not bad!” Chen Ping nodded.
“Although I can’t possess the body, but we can refine this corpse into a puppet corpse, then it can obey Mr. Chen’s orders just the same!”
Fan Jiang hurriedly said, he didn’t want to be in Chen Ping’s storage ring!
“Do you know what strength this corpse is? You still want to refine it into a puppet corpse?”
Hu Ma Zi snorted coldly.
“Any corpse will do, as long as it is a corpse, I can train it, even if it is a Transformation Realm strength, I can still refine it ……”
Fan Jiang said with a face full of confidence.
“You can really refine?” Chen Ping was a little skeptical!
“Mr. Chen, I would never dare to deceive you ……”
Fan Jiang said with a respectful face.
“Alright then, you refine it, if you are able to refine it successfully, I will definitely find you a physical body.” First published at https://m.lqzw.org
Chen Ping said.
Fan Jiang looked puzzled, “Mr. Chen, I am only a soul spirit body now, there is no way I can refine it, I need to find a flesh body to do so.”
Chen Ping looked at that Fan Jiang and did not speak for a long time, after a moment of froze, he nodded and said, “Fine, I will find you a physical body, but if you dare to lie to me, I will definitely make you regret it ……”
“I don’t dare, now that Mr. Chen is a Grand Martial Marquis, even if I find a physical body, I am no match for Mr. Chen, how dare I deceive you ……”
Fan Jiang hurriedly a*sured.
“Du Nan, go and find a corpse ……”
Chen Ping ordered at Du Nan.
Du Nan nodded and quickly looked for a corpse which was full of beard and not very good in appearance!
Fan Jiang was a little disgusted, but now that things have come to this point, as long as it can see the light of day again, it does not care about that.
Soon, Fan Jiang possessed the corpse, and as the bearded corpse opened its eyes, Fan Jiang woke up!
Looking at his own body, Fan Jiang’s face was full of excitement!
“Now you can refine the puppet corpse ……”
Chen Ping said to Fan Jiang.
“Mr. Chen, to refine this kind of puppet corpse with high strength, you need to build a formation platform to do so ……”
Fan Jiang said.
Chen Ping frowned, “How much time will it take?”
“A few hours will do ……”
“Good, have Du Nan send someone to a*sist you, time to hurry ……” Chen Ping nodded, then turned around and left the forbidden land!
Chen Ping and the others had to rest first after this tiring journey.
“Chen Ping, do you trust that guy that much?”
Hu Ma Zi asked Chen Ping.
“He shouldn’t dare to lie to me, as the head of an evil cultivator, perhaps he really has a way to refine that blood demon’s corpse into a puppet corpse ……”
Chen Ping could only choose to trust Fan Jiang now!
A few hours, soon pa*sed!
Du Nan sent someone to shout Chen Ping and the others over, and when they walked into the forbidden land, Chen Ping saw that in the middle of it, a five or six meter high formation platform had been set up!
And there were some magic weapons placed around the formation platform, presumably for stabilising it.
“Mr. Chen, the formation platform has been built, but there are no decent magic tools here to stabilize the platform, I am afraid that during the refining period, the platform will not be able to withstand and collapse, I wonder if Mr. Chen has any high grade magic tools?”
Fan Jiang asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping then shook his head with a difficult face, “I don’t have any magic weapon either, I have a spirit sword, can I use it?”
Fan Jiang shook his head, “To be on the safe side, I think we still need to find a few more magic weapons to do so ……”
But where would Chen Ping find magic weapons now?
Just then, Pocky Hu stepped forward, “With what magic weapon, I just need to draw a few talismans to ensure that this formation platform is as stable as a rock.”
As Hu Pazi said this, he pulled out yellow paper, then mumbled something under his breath and drew something on the yellow paper!
Soon, Hu Pazi finished drawing the incantations and put them on all four corners of the formation platform!
Looking at the way Hu Pazi drew the charms, Fan Jiang was astonished, he didn’t think there was anyone who was so proficient in the art of charms!