Seeing someone from the same clan, Cen Biqing looked a little happy!
When Old Black heard this, he was also full of joy, “I didn’t think that I would be able to run into someone from the same clan within this tower.”
“It’s not possible that all those imprisoned in this tower are of the Dragon Race, right?”
Chen Ping asked with some surprise!
Old Black was just about to open his mouth, but he heard the voice of the child on that fifth floor ring out, “I am also of the Dragon Race, I am of the False Dragon lineage ……”
“You less lie to me, don’t think that if you say that, when I get to the fifth floor, I won’t beat you up ……”
The old black saw that the guy on the fifth floor also said that he was a dragon clan, then he got angry and said!
“I’m really from the False Dragon lineage!”After that child’s voice finished, it suddenly converted into an old man’s voice and said, “I can camouflage everything, and the voice is the best camouflage.”
“You guys will know if it’s true when you break that forbidden formation and see me!”
“Saint son, I hope ……” Old Black looked at Chen Ping!
“Just call me Mr Chen like Miss Qing, I’ll go and see if that forbidden formation can be opened!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked towards that ladder!
This time, he did not let Old Black test that formation, instead, he directly opened the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, and the forbidden formation appeared in Chen Ping’s eyes!
Looking at the complex formation, and the countless runes, Chen Ping’s brows wrinkled slightly!
This forbidden formation was surprisingly different for each level!
And this time, there was nothing wrong with the ladder, in order to break the formation, one would need to start from the eye of the formation to be able to do so!
Chen Ping tried many times, but all of them failed!
In the end, Chen Ping used the Dragon Slashing Sword and tried to forcefully break through that forbidden formation time and time again, only to be recoiled away!
“This formation is different for each layer, this one is obviously much stronger, there is no way for me to break through it.”
Chen Ping could only say helplessly after trying multiple times!
Seeing this, Old Black’s expression looked very lost, but he still squeezed out a smile and said, “It’s alright, this forbidden formation is already very strong, it’s normal that it can’t be broken.”
“I’ll go to the fifth floor first to see what’s going on, perhaps I can think of other ways upstairs!”
Chen Ping intended to go to the fifth floor by himself to see what the guy who claimed to be from the False Dragon Lineage was!
“Mr Chen, people’s hearts are treacherous, you must be careful ……”
Cen Biqing reminded Chen Ping!
“I will accompany you ……”
Lin Keting walked to Chen Ping’s side and decided to follow him up to have a look!
In fact, they were both clear that the strength of the person being suppressed upstairs would be getting stronger and stronger, and whether or not this guy on the fifth floor was a Dragon or not, and whether or not he was a good person, no one could say, so going up rashly would be taking a risk!
However, Lin Keting was willing to accompany Chen Ping up there, and Chen Ping did not refuse!
He always felt that Lin Keting, this little girl, had many unknown secrets!
“Ji Yun, Miss Zhu, you guys wait here for now, I’ll go up and check the situation!”
Chen Ping went to check out the situation, if the situation wasn’t right, then he wouldn’t be continuing to climb the tower later on!
It wasn’t every time that one could be so lucky that the ones they encountered were of the Dragon Race!
Just now, if that old black was not a dragon race, Chen Ping would have been in danger at this moment!
After giving his instructions, Chen Ping followed Lin Keting towards the fifth floor!
After the two of them reached the fifth floor, a hunched old man with a full beard seemed to be waiting for them!
Seeing Chen Ping and the others coming up, the old man grinned, revealing a mouth full of large yellow teeth!
This disgusted Lin Keting!
Chen Ping shot a glance at the old man, and after recalling the child’s voice just now, it was really too much of a contrast!
Who would have thought that the voice of that child just now was actually coming from a hunchbacked old man!
Worthy of being of the False Dragon lineage, I guess this image was also a disguise!
Before Chen Ping could open his mouth, that hunchbacked old man suddenly launched both palms out!
Those palms were like eagle claws, grabbing towards Chen Ping and Lin Keting!