“Rota is dead ……”
Before the Ten Palace Lord could speak, the old man spoke bluntly!
The Ten Halls Lord was slightly stunned, then nodded, “Elder Qian is right, Luo Ta is dead, his Life Soul Lamp has been extinguished.”
“Logically speaking, as long as those hidden forces in the Celestial Realm don’t show themselves, Luo Ta could be an invincible existence.”
“I asked him to go to Beast City to acquire some Immortal Spirit Stones, but as a result, his Life Soul Lamp went out and he was killed, I just don’t know who did it.”
“We’ve been working with Beast City for many years and there’s never been anything like this, so it shouldn’t have been the Beast City Lord’s doing, so I’ve come to ask Elder Qian to take a look.”
The 10th Hall Master treated this Elder Qian with respect, and it looked as if this Elder Qian’s status was even higher than that of him, the Hall Master!
Elder Qian tilted his head slightly, his gaze looking straight at that Ten Hall Master, looking at that Ten Hall Master who didn’t dare to look at him at all!
“I dedicate myself to projecting the Heavenly Dao and use my life’s blood to lay down this Diffusion Seven Star Formation, just to help you project the death of a small offering?”
Elder Qian’s face was somewhat displeased!
The 10th Palace Master’s body gave a slight lurch and hurriedly admitted his mistake: “Elder Qian, I was wrong, I shouldn’t have asked you!”
“That’s just it, that Luo Ta was careless and was killed by a youth called Chen Ping, as for that Chen Ping’s identity, I was unable to deduce it, it was too mysterious.”
“So I advise you, don’t be messing with that youth if you don’t have to, nowadays the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation seems to be showing signs of breaking.”
“The Heaven Ascension Ladder is also about to appear, when that time comes, the Celestial Realm will be in chaos, many people will flock to the Heaven Ascension Ladder to return to the Celestial Realm, you also need to make more plans.”
Elder Qian waved his hand and said!
“I understand, my current mission is to unify the Celestial Realm and expand the territory for the Divine Hall, it’s good for those people to return to the Celestial Realm, I’ll be the master of the Celestial Realm by then!”
The Tenth Temple Lord said with a slightly happy expression!
“Childish ……”
Qian Lao faintly spat out two words, then lowered his head and carefully looked at the seven star formation in front of him, not speaking anymore.
Seeing this, the Tenth Hall Master didn’t dare to stay for long and immediately turned around and left!
This Qian Lao, he couldn’t afford to provoke, someone who could deduce the Heavenly Dao, even if the First Hall Lord came, he would have to give face!
“Chen Ping …………”
The Ten Palace Lords who returned to the Great Hall, their mouths constantly chattered Chen Ping’s name!
The last time Luo Ta and the others escaped back from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, they had been talking about Chen Ping’s name and that Mr Shi!
To this day, the Ten Palace Lords did not know what exactly Chen Ping’s relationship was following Mr Shi!
But to be able to kill Luo Ta and resurrect him again, that showed that the other party must be powerful!
Now that Elder Qian had told him not to go looking for Chen Ping’s trouble, but the Tenth Hall Master was always unwilling in his heart!
Luo Ta had followed him for many years and had always been loyal, otherwise he wouldn’t have given the matter of following Beast City to do business to Luo Ta!
Now that Luo Ta had been killed, if he didn’t make a move, then in the future, there would still be a few more offerings within the Ten Temples that would be submissive!
After thinking about it again and again, a flash of killing intent flashed in the eyes of the Ten Halls Lord.
“Someone …… comes,” the Ten Halls Lord shouted!
Only to see a young man walk in, this young man, dressed in a white flawless white robe, his sleeves gently swaying with the wind, like an immortal in the clouds, untainted by dust.
His face was handsome and extraordinary, his sword eyebrows flew diagonally into his temples, and his eyes were deep and bright, as if he could perceive all the illusions in the world, revealing a heroic spirit that could not be underestimated.
His nose was straight, his lips were pale and resolute, and his shiny black hair was casually tied up with a simple jade hairpin, making him appear both spontaneous and unobtrusive.
Particularly striking is the dark black long knife held in his hand, the body of the knife is glowing with a ghostly cold light, just like a touch of cold awn in the night, revealing a heart-stopping domineering aura.