“Mr. Chen, let’s forget about him for now, how are things going with your test?”
Suo Xing Yue asked as she calmed down!
“It’s already passed.” Chen Ping said!
“What grade? Third grade upper?” Suo Xing Yue asked!
“Fifth grade upper ……” Chen Ping said with a smile!
“Fifth grade upper class?” Suo Xing Yue was instantly dumbfounded, this Pill Master rank, it was the same as him!
Even if Chen Ping’s strength was strong, he didn’t expect that his alchemy skills could be this strong?
This was simply someone who was omnipotent!
“Elder Suo, I wonder how your consultation is going with the poison in my friend’s body?”
Chen Ping asked!
Suo Xingyue snapped out of her shock and said in a very ashamed voice, “Ai, we have examined them all and have not been able to find a cure, shame on you ……”
“Elder Suo does not need to blame himself, this poison is indeed very special, I’ll just take my time to think of a solution!”
The fact that Chen Ping saw that even Suo Xingyue did not have a solution, in fact, his heart was also a bit lost!
“Mr. Chen, although we don’t have a solution, but I think there is someone who will definitely be able to cure the poison in your friend’s body.”
Suo Xingyue said!
“Who?” Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
“The Lord of Jialing County, he must have a solution, the Lord of Jialing County is also a senior pharmacist.”
Suo Xing Yue said!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he came to life “Then I’ll beg Elder Suo to take us to meet this Lord of Jialing County, right?”
When Suo Xingyue heard that, he let out a bitter smile and said, “Mr. Chen doesn’t know, this Jia Ling County’s County Master is not something that anyone can meet.”
“I’ve never met the Lord of Jialing County either, I don’t even know if the Lord of Jialing County is a man or a woman!”
“Basically, not many people have seen the true face of the Lord of Jialing County, and it is usually Lord Yan who manages Jialing County.”
When Chen Ping heard this, he frowned and said “Then there is no way out? How can I meet this county lord?”
“Mr. Chen, this time at the Pill Master Meeting, the county lord of Jialing County has promised a special reward for the first place.”
“If Mr. Chen can get this first place, he will also be able to meet the county princess of Jialing County, and then there might be a way to cure the poison in your friend’s body.”
Suo Xing Yue said!
When Chen Ping heard that, he nodded, no matter what, it looked like he had to get the first place in this Pill Master Meeting!
Suo Xingyue took Chen Ping and introduced him to a few of his senior brothers!
The elders of the Danyang Sect were shocked that Chen Ping had such a high level of strength at such a young age, and that he had passed the Fifth Grade Pill Master Examination!
After a short exchange of pleasantries, Chen Ping got up with the intention of taking Yih away, but at that moment, Zhu Zhu came back!
“You damned girl, why don’t you listen at all? Didn’t I say that I wouldn’t let you have anything to do with that Meng He anymore?”
As soon as she saw Zhu Zhu, Suo Xing Yue yelled at her!
But Zhu Zhu lowered her head, didn’t say a word, and acted very aggrieved!
“Elder Suo, after all, Miss Zhu Zhu is young, perhaps she will get better when she is a few years older!”
Seeing this, Chen Ping persuaded Suo Xingyue!
“Zhu Zhu, your master is reprimanding you for your own good, that Meng He is no good.”
Another elder of the Danyang Sect said to Zhu Zhu!
“Master, I know I’m wrong, I’ll never do it again!”
“I’ll go and make you tea, I hope Master won’t be angry.”
Zhu Zhu said, and went to make the tea!
And when Suo Xing Yue looked at Zhu Zhu like that, she couldn’t afford to lose her temper anymore, so she could only sigh and sit back down!
Chen Ping watched Zhu Zhu go to the back of the room to make tea, and looking at Zhu Zhu’s posture, he knew that Zhu Zhu was no longer a little girl!
But whether Zhu Zhu was a little girl or not had nothing to do with him.