“Rui’er, Xing’er, why don’t you apologise to little brother Chen.”
Yue Buqun said as he looked towards Liu Rui and Liu Xing.
Seeing this, Liu Rui hurriedly stepped forward and said to Chen Ping with an embarra*sed face, “Mr. Chen, I am really sorry just now, I misunderstood you ……”
“Miss Liu is kind, it is normal to have an overreaction in that situation.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
But Liu Xing stood in a daze and did not go over to apologize to Chen Ping!
“Xing’er, what’s wrong with you?” Yue Buqun frowned slightly!
Liu Xing gritted his teeth and finally turned around and ran away, not apologising to Chen Ping either!
“Ai, this child, too high and mighty ……”
Yue Buqun saw this and couldn’t help but sigh, “Brother Chen, don’t take offense, these disciples have been spoiled by me!”
“It won’t be!” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“Rui’er, you take someone to clean up the place, I’ll go talk to Brother Chen ……”
Yue Buqun said to Liu Rui.
Liu Rui nodded, and then Yue Buqun took Chen Ping to the other rooms!
In fact, for Chen Ping, Yue Buqun also had a lot of doubts, why Chen Ping was so young, his alchemy was already perfect, and relying on the Martial Saint realm, yet he could follow the Martial Gods to a match!
Yue Buqun poured a cup of tea for Chen Ping and was about to ask his doubts, but Chen Ping spoke first!
“Patriarch Yue, I have an insight I would like to ask for, I wonder if it is possible?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Brother Chen, if there is anything, just ask!” Yue Buqun nodded his head and said.
“I wonder if Patriarch Yue, knows about the Regeneration Spring?”
Chen Ping asked.
He saw Yue Buqun faintly stare and said with some surprise, “How do you know about the Regeneration Spring? And what is the use of you looking for the Regeneration Spring?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly explained, and once Yue Buqun heard that Chen Ping was using the Regeneration Spring to save people, he said, “This Regeneration Spring is sort of a secret of these hidden sects of ours, and few people would know about it if they weren’t in the Hidden Realm.”
“This Regeneration Spring does have the ability to reshape the flesh, only that not everyone can use the Regeneration Spring.”
“Then where is the Regeneration Spring? Can Patriarch Yue take me to see it?” Chen Ping asked excitedly as soon as he heard that Yue Buqun knew about it.
“Brother Chen, don’t be in a hurry yet, this Regeneration Spring is located at the foot of the Kunlun Mountain Range, which is considered the place where the major sects and gangs of our Hidden Realm meet.”
“Because of this, this Regeneration Spring is jointly taken care of by our three sects and six factions, except that this year the right to use that Regeneration Spring is in the hands of the Pill Refining Sect!”
“It won’t be until next year that my Pure Yang Sect will get the right to use it, so if you want to save your friend, you must have the Pill Refining Sect’s consent to do so.”
Yue Buqun explained carefully!
“Then where is the Pill Refining Sect? I’ll go and find them ……” Chen Ping was a little impatient.
“Brother Chen, you stay here for a day first, I’ll accompany you tomorrow, and by the way, ask the Pill Refining Sect why they can’t find out when I have the remnants of an evil cultivator’s soul inside me.”
“Over the years, the Pill Refining Sect has demanded a large amount of resources from our Pure Yang Sect, while that Yuan Enrichment Pill can only suppress the evil spirit in my body!”
“If it wasn’t for Brother Chen’s help, I don’t know how long our Pure Yang Sect would have continued to ask for more from the Pill Refining Sect!”
Yue Buqun said with a face full of anger.
“It’s normal that the residual soul could not be found, I didn’t find it at first either, but it’s strange that the Pill Refining Clan’s Pill Increasing Pill was able to suppress the residual soul, knowing that after the residual soul enters the body, unless one finds a way to force it out.”
“Using a pill to suppress the residual soul from acting up, that would be a bit impossible, even I am not able to refine a pill that can suppress the residual soul.”
Chen Ping also felt that the pill refining clan was a little strange, refining this Yuan Enhancement Pill that happened to be able to suppress the residual soul, there was no such thing as a coincidence!
Perhaps, this residual soul followed the Pill Refining Sect to have some kind of connection, and the Pill Refining Sect deliberately used this to claim the resources of the Pure Yang Sect!
“We’ll know when we go to the Pill Refining Sect tomorrow, Brother Chen had better rest first!”
Yue Buqun said and left, then walked out of the Pure Yang Sect, no one knew where he was going ……