But at that moment, the aura on Jiang Zhengzhong’s body began to soar, and the terrifying aura pressed down on Red Phoenix, causing her to fiercely retreat backwards!
Red Phoenix hurriedly pushed the internal energy in her body to desperately resist the terrifying aura of Jiang Zhengzhong’s body!
But the terrifying aura of Jiang Zhengzhong’s body was so overwhelming that it directly crushed Red Phoenix to one knee, and his face turned ugly!
This sudden turn of events caused everyone to freeze!
Lin Tianhu, who was originally happy, instantly became nervous at this moment!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, frowned, “Red Phoenix, you’re no match for him, quickly back off!”
After hearing Chen Ping’s voice, Red Phoenix’s body snapped up and quickly headed towards the edge of the ring!
“Hmph, trying to run, it’s not that easy …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong snorted coldly and flew up, kicking Red Phoenix fiercely in the back!
Red Phoenix’s body was like a kite with a broken string as it flew straight out of the ring, spurting blood right in the air!
Chen Ping frowned as his body leapt up and directly caught Red Phoenix in mid-air, followed by a surge of spiritual energy being injected into Red Phoenix’s body!
“Red Phoenix …………”
Lin Tianhu also pounced up, looking at the pale, eyes tightly closed Red Phoenix, Lin Tianhu’s heart instantly seized together!
He glared hard at Jiang Zhengzhong in the ring, Lin Tianhu wanted to take revenge for Red Phoenix, but he knew that with this strength, he might not even be able to beat those bodyguards of Jiang’s family, let alone fight against Jiang Zhengzhong.
At this moment, Lin Tianhu secretly vowed that he would practice his Kung Fu so that he could protect the woman he loved in the future!
As a stream of spiritual energy was injected into Chi Feng’s body, Chi Feng’s face slowly improved and her eyes slowly opened!
“Mr. Chen, I …………”
When Red Phoenix saw Chen Ping, her face was filled with embarra*sment!
She had vowed that she could defeat Jiang Zhengzhong, but now she was defeated by someone else!
“You should stop talking for now, preserve your vitality ……”
Chen Ping stopped Chi Feng from speaking before looking at Lin Tian Hu and said, “Lin Tian Hu, take care of Chi Feng!”
Lin Tianhu nodded, picked up Chi Feng and walked back to his seat!
Holding the woman he had a crush on in his heart, Lin Tianhu’s body was trembling slightly, and although Red Phoenix was Avray injured, she could feel Lin Tianhu’s heartbeat rapidly accelerating!
“Who else? Who else …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong in the ring swept the crowd with contempt, “From today onwards, I am the Martial Alliance Alliance Master, whoever dares to disobey, I will let him die ……”
Jiang Zhengzhong had become arrogant to the extreme, yet no one dared to retort, even Sun Yaobang and Red Phoenix had lost at Jiang Zhengzhong’s hands, while the others had not the slightest thought of resisting!
“There is still me ……”
Chen Ping slowly spoke, his entire body floating up, before landing firmly on top of the ring!
“Chen Ping, the matter between you and my Jiang family, I will settle the score with you later, today is a matter for our Martial Arts Alliance, you are not a member of the Alliance and have no right to get on top of the ring!”
Jiang Zhengzhong was trying to establish the alliance master one today, he wasn’t looking for Chen Ping to seek revenge, so he didn’t want Chen Ping to ruin his good deed!
“I killed your daughter and exterminated your daughter’s family, now I am right in front of you and you don’t dare to make a move, are you being a coward?”
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a cold smile as he said.
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, everyone sucked in a cold breath, with the strength this Jiang Zhengzhong had shown, he even dared to take the initiative to provoke, the crowd felt that this Chen Ping was crazy!
At such a young age, even if he had all the skills, could he still be stronger than an internal strength master?
Even if he practiced from his mother’s womb, he would be lucky if he could reach the strength of an internal strength martial artist!
Su Yuqi on the other hand, her fists clenched nervously as she looked helplessly at Chen Ping on the stage, afraid that if Chen Ping was in danger, there would be no one to save him.