“Elder Miao, how are you recovering now?” Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Elder Miao!
“Already recovered eighty to ninety per cent, not much of a problem.”
Old Miao said!
“Those demonic cultivators behind us are catching up, so we must leave someone behind to block them before we can do so.”
“Now that Boss Cai is injured, he also needs to be healed as soon as possible, so I’m going to have Apothecary Chen take Boss Cai and some of the weaker people to leave first.”
“Then leave behind a portion of the people to block those demonic cultivators, and if you can, exterminate those demonic cultivators directly, otherwise they will still plague other people if they stay in this Chilian Mountain Range.”
Chen Ping said to Miao Lao!
“No problem, I happen to be meeting these devil cultivators as well ……”
Miao Lao nodded painfully!
Chen Ping asked Apothecary Chen to take Cai Hongwei and a few girls and Ji Yun to leave first for the time being!
They were too weak and staying would be of little use!
“Little brother, with your strength in this Harmonisation Realm, I think you should also follow along and leave, I’ll just lead the people to block these demonic cultivators.”
“Don’t worry, I will definitely not be merciful to these demonic cultivators.”
Elder Miao said after Chen Ping!
Although Chen Ping’s medical skills were good, he only had the strength of the eighth rank of the Harmonisation Realm, which was too weak for these Transition Realm cultivators!
“There are pharmacists amongst those demonic cultivators who know all sorts of imperial poison techniques, you will be at a disadvantage when the time comes, I’ll stay behind to be able to deal with him.”
Chen Ping said!
Once Elder Miao heard that what Chen Ping said was also reasonable, so he did not say anything more!
Soon, that Elder Fei chased after him, and when he saw Chen Ping and Elder Miao and the others, he surprisingly did not have the slightest fear!
“I came here today specifically to kill this Chen Ping, the other irrelevant people get lost immediately, otherwise don’t blame me for being impolite!”
Elder Fei’s aura of the Ferrying Sixth Grade instantly erupted out, directly pressuring the crowd to the point where they couldn’t catch their breath!
“Hmph, little devil cultivator, what a big talker.”
Elder Miao snorted coldly, and immediately after, his body shook as the same Transitional Apparition Sixth Grade aura erupted, resisting that Elder Fei!
Elder Fei’s pupils shrank, he didn’t expect that within these people, there would be one that followed him at the same high realm!
At this, Elder Fei’s face became a little ugly, but he did not panic!
“I’m the Elder of the Soulless Hall, so if you guys want to make a move against me, you’d better think a little clearer, you guys are following the kid but it’s just a temporary group, there’s no need to sell your lives for him.”
Elder Fei moved out the Soulless Hall!
Hearing the Soulless Hall, many people were slightly shocked!
“Wasn’t this Soulless Hall long ago exterminated by the Demon Sealing Alliance, how come there are still people from the Soulless Hall?”
“It’s been how many years since I’ve heard of the Soulless Hall, I didn’t expect it to still exist!”
“This Soulless Hall’s demonic cultivators are ruthless, and now that they have re-emerged, I’m afraid that someone is going to suffer.”
The crowd whispered, but no one chose to retreat!
Firstly, they were in a group and had to help each other in order to reach the Southern Domain and survive!
There was another reason, and that was Chen Ping’s identity as a Pill Exalted, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping, they would have long since been confused by the Poison Tent and killed each other by now!
With Chen Ping in the team, at the very least they wouldn’t have to worry about the poisonous mist or getting injured!
“Less f*cking bullsh*t, if you do it then do it, if you don’t dare to do it then get lost……”
Elder Miao did not give that Elder Fei the slightest bit of face and said sternly!
Elder Fei was a little hesitant, he really didn’t have much certainty in facing these people himself!
And not far away from Elder Fei, that Sikong Zhen hid behind a big tree, looking at the situation in front of him, and inwardly regretting a little!
He also did not expect that the team, which was merely formed temporarily, would all fight to the death to protect Chen Ping!
Soon, there was a noisy sound of footsteps, followed by that Gong Protector arriving with his men!