For a while, no one said anything, and the inside of the tomb became depressing, in a mixture of blood and gore that made the chances of people going crazy.
Creaking …………
Suddenly, a sound of metal scraping came, causing everyone’s heart to flutter and they hurriedly turned their heads to look.
Only to see Hu Baqi slapped his palm on a stone wall, the stone wall dented, immediately after the stone wall appeared two animal heads that looked like tigers, not tigers, above the heads two eyes were all round, inside were two beads bubbling with an eerie green light, looking very frightening.
“We’ve found it!” Hu Baqi said with a smug face.
“Are these eyes filled with luminous pearls?”
Zhao Bacheng looked at the two carved heads with green lights coming from the eyes above them and thought they were some kind of treasure pearls, so he reached out to get them.
“Don’t move!”
Chen Ping pulled Zhao Bargan by the hand and did not let him move.
But when the others saw this scene, they all acted.
It was important to know that in the trial here, the treasure would be the one who got it first, and the first to strike was the last to suffer, which was why Chen Ping was placed at the end.
“No one move ……”
Hu Baji shouted, no one knows if there are any organs in here, if they let anyone move at random, if they trigger the organs, these people will be in trouble.
But Hu Baqi’s words, where anyone listened, these people only have eyes for the treasure.
“Councilor Guo, we can’t let them move casually, to prevent there being a mechanism.”
Seeing this, Hu Baqi could only shout towards Guo Wei.
“Enough to stop me!”
When Guo Wei heard this, his face blushed instantly with anger, the breath on his body exploded in pa*sing, and several guys who wanted to get the gift first were directly shaken away by Guo Wei’s breath.
This time, no one dared to move, after all, the highest strength here is also Guo Wei.
“This trial, even if you come across any exotic treasures, before I give the word, if anyone dares to move them privately, don’t blame me for being unkind to him, you want to die, don’t let your mother get others killed.”
Guo Wei’s face was grim as he swept over the crowd, and no one dared to retort.
Only a sneer rang out from Dong Jiahao’s mouth, but Guo Wei didn’t pay any attention to him, he didn’t want to mess with this mad dog-like guy at this time.
“Hu Baqi, send someone over to take a look…”
Guo Wei asked Hu Baqi to send someone over to see what was going on.
Hu Baqi nodded and waved his hand, allowing a Hu family member to carefully walk over.
Everyone was on guard carefully, while the Hu family scion himself reached out and snapped off the bead that was glowing green from that avatar.
“Family head, this thing is not a gemstone, it’s soft!”
The Hu family scion came towards Hu Baqi with the bead in his hand.
As soon as Hu Baqi heard this, his brow furrowed, “Throw it away quickly ……”
But just as Hu Baqi finished speaking, the bead in that Hu family’s son’s hand actually melted directly, like a puddle of water flowing directly from that Hu family’s son’s hand to the ground, and then dripped down on top of the boulders on the ground, making a bared sound.
“Ah ………”
The Hu family’s son suddenly shrieked, and when he looked at his hand again, a stream of green smoke actually began to rise from it, while the skin on his hand was rapidly melting away at a speed visible to the naked eye, leaving only white bones.
The other hand of the Hu family’s son hurriedly grabbed his wrist, and the energy inside his body instantly converged towards his palm. The thick energy emerged from the Hu family’s son’s palm, which was already white and full of bones, but it still could not stop the speed of the green smoke corrosion.
Brush ………
The Hu family’s son only felt a flash of light before his eyes.
The next thing he knew, his palm was cut off and fell to the ground.
There was not a single drop of blood from the broken palm, only the thick black gas surrounding the wound.