Chen Ping heard Lan Yingying say this, at that time, it was true that these Snow Bear Monsters did not attack themselves, but only scared themselves to leave!
However, Chen Ping had taken the initiative to approach for the sake of the pole stone, and that was what caused the conflict!
As a result, those Snow Bear Monsters were all killed!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping actually had a few moments of guilt within his heart!
“How are your harvests, have you found any pole stones yet?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Only found a few pole stones, ran into a demonic beast once, and two Saint Maidens were injured.”
Bing Lu replied!
“Are the injuries serious? Let me take a look ……”
Chen Ping said once he heard that a holy maiden was injured!
“It’s not heavy, it’s just a superficial wound!” Binglu said!
“Letting you look, undressing and touching again, who can stand it!”
Lan Yingying muttered!
She was still holding a grudge!
After Chen Ping heard this, he smiled awkwardly and did not say anything else!
“Mr Chen, how was your harvest?” Bing Lu hurriedly digressed and asked!
“There should be hundreds of them, the harvest isn’t a lot, we must find the Extreme Stone Mine before we can do so, if we continue to search like this, I’m afraid that we won’t be able to find enough in a year to get the amount needed by the Guanghan Palace.”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
“I did hear the Palace Master say that the closer to the border of the chaotic land, the more extreme stones there are, it’s just too dangerous, if you are not careful to be caught in that chaos know, it’s a certain death!”
Bing Lu said!
“There’s no hurry first, after all, the only ones who know about the pole stone are us and the Mu family, everyone else is still looking for the place where the Immortals fell.”
“And that Pole Stone is of no use in the hands of other cultivators.”
“Let’s rest for a few hours and then continue our search ……”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, then he took out some pills from his storage ring and handed them to Bing Lu “Let the crowd eat these pills, although they can’t enhance their strength, but they can quickly recover their strength.”
Bing Lu let the crowd take the pills and start resting, while Chen Ping sat on his knees and delved into the Immortal Finger!
r> At that time, the old ancestor of the Ji Clan had said that one could only practise this Immortal’s Finger if they had sensed the Origin of Time!
But just as Chen Ping was studying the Immortal Finger, he suddenly noticed a movement in his storage ring!
Chen Ping hurriedly probed with his Divine Sense, and when he looked, he almost didn’t die of anger!
Only to see that the little Heaven Swallowing Beast had woken up at some unknown time, and was actually devouring the Extreme Stone with a big mouthful!
When Chen Ping discovered it, hundreds of pole stones had already been devoured.
“Holy sh*t, this is what I went through a lot of effort to find, you ate it all for me?”
“Spit it out, spit it out for me ……”
Chen Ping yelled at that little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
But that little Heaven Swallowing Beast seemed as if it didn’t hear the above, and huffed and puffed after eating its fill!
Chen Ping looked at that little Heaven Swallowing Beast and was also clueless!
It seemed that in finding the pole stone, it could not be put inside the storage ring!
“Kid, why are you being so petty, this mount of mine is still small, what’s wrong with letting it eat some?”
“Waiting for the old man to recover his memory, remould his golden body, the big deal is to return it to you.”
“You kid now this is an investment, know what an investment is?”
“In the future, when you get to the heavenly realm, I can cover you, the immortal stones and spiritual herbs in the heavenly realm are not better than these broken stones!”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch saw Chen Ping getting angry and hurriedly persuaded him!
“Hey …………”
Chen Ping sighed and was helpless!
After all, this little Heaven Swallowing Beast had saved his life, so eat it!
These hundred or so Pole Stones were not of much use to the Broad Cold Palace, and now they had to find a large number of Pole Stones in order to do so!
A few hours quickly passed!
Chen Ping gathered the crowd and started to continue searching while it was night, with that metal rod, they could find it even in the dark!
However, Chen Ping and the others were following the guidance of that metal rod and were moving a little closer towards the bordering chaos!
After all, the closer they got to the land of chaos, the more polar stones there were and the stronger the magnetic field!
Only because it was a dark night, Chen Ping and the others did not realise this!