“There are people on this island.”Su Tianshuo said!
“There are people?”Bao Longxing froze, then looked at Feng Xing and asked, “Elder Feng, are there people on this island?”
When Feng Xing saw this, he then smiled faintly, “There are people, and there are quite a few of them ……”
As Feng Xing’s words fell, dozens of people suddenly rushed out from all around, the aura of these people were not weak, the most important thing was that as soon as these people appeared, a formation was instantly lit up around them, surrounding Su Tianshuo and the others!
Now that they wanted to get back on the spirit boat, it was impossible, surrounded by formations, they simply couldn’t get out!
At this moment, all the pill masters were blinded, and one by one, their faces changed drastically!
“Elder Feng, what do you mean by this?”
Su Tianshuo asked with a frown and a deadpan stare at Feng Xing!
Obviously, Feng Xing had deliberately led them to this island, and he was aware that there were people on this island!
“President Su, don’t be nervous, no one will harm you guys.”
“Let me introduce you guys, these people are actually people from the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect.”
Feng Xing said with a faint smile!
“What? People from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect? Wasn’t the Zhentian Dharma Sect destroyed, that sect leader Wang Qingshi had already been captured, how did people from the Zhentian Dharma Sect pop up again?”
Su Tianshuo was filled with confusion, not understanding what was going on!
“Hahaha, that Wang Qingshi was merely the Vice Sect Leader of my Zhentian Dharma Sect, and then his philosophy didn’t match up and he rebelled against my Zhentian Dharma Sect, bringing some of his disciples close to the Western Continent.”
“This fellow, who has been operating under the name of our Zhentian Dharma Sect, would our Zhentian Dharma Sect not be destroyed so easily!”
At this moment, a white-clothed old man, walking with a dragon’s stride, walked up to Su Tianshuo!
This person didn’t look young, his face was full of wrinkles, but his eyes were shining with a majestic aura!
The cultivation aura emanating from him was very strong, and he was already at the second rank of the Mahayana realm!
On this deserted island, to be able to cultivate to this realm was nothing short of a miracle!
After all, this small island was not big, and it was impossible for it to have more resources than the Five Regions Continent!
“President Su, this is the true Sect Leader of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, Mu Qiufeng.”
Feng Xing followed Su Tianshuo and introduced him!
“So it’s Patriarch Mu, disrespect ……”
Su Tianshuo simply, rushed to greet politely!
Having arrived at someone else’s territory, it doesn’t matter who is the real Zhentian Dharma Sect Patriarch between Mu Qiufeng and Wang Qingshi first, now he has to flatter the other party first before he can do so!
“President Su, tell your people that there’s no need to be nervous, we will never harm you.”
“Since you’re here, you’re guests of my Zhan Tian Dharma Sect, didn’t you follow Wang Qing Shi to reach a co-operation?”
“Now although Wang Qingshi has been captured, our Zhan Tian Dharma Sect has not perished, I can still follow President Su and cooperate.”
Mu Qiufeng said to Su Tianshuo!
Su Tianshuo glanced at Feng Xing, he knew that it must have been Feng Xing who passed on the news, otherwise how could Mu Qiufeng know that he was following Wang Qing Shi to cooperate!
All along, Su Tianshuo had always thought that he had planned seamlessly, but now it seemed that this Feng Xing was the final winner!
From the very beginning when he joined the team, he probably anticipated today’s events!
There was also the introduction of Chen Ping and the others into the stormy sea, it seemed that it was all calculated!
Now that Su Tianshuo was thinking of taking Chen Ping’s corpse to the Demon Sealing Alliance in exchange for a hundred years of offerings, it was clearly impossible, and it had all become a dowry for the Heavenly Zenith Dharma Sect!
“Patriarch Mu, we are willing to co-operate with you!”Su Tianshuo could only squeeze out a trace of a smile, and then said to the many pill masters, “Fellow Daoists, everyone don’t be nervous, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect won’t harm us, all relax a little!”
“President Su, I have prepared the wine and food, please ……”
Mu Qiufeng made an invitation gesture!
Su Tianshuo had no choice but to follow Mu Qiufeng!