“Chen Ping, why don’t we just go back to the Pill God Valley again?”
After all, in the Pill God Valley, Xu Changsheng and the rest of the elders were also Martial Sects, and Chen Ping still wanted to be safer by staying there.
Chen Ping’s face was grim, as if he hadn’t heard Xiao Lan’s words, and indifferently said to Bai Zhan Tang, “Take me to see Lin Tianhu and the others ……”
“Mr. Chen?”
Bai Zhan Tang was a little surprised, the other party was two Martial Zongs, how come Chen Ping didn’t rush to escape?
“Chen Ping, don’t be impetuous ……”
Xiaolan also advised.
But both of them didn’t know that in this month’s time, Chen Ping’s strength had long been different from what it used to be!
“Drive me to see Lin Tianhu and the others, I don’t want to say it twice ……”
Chen Ping’s face became more and more ugly.
The temperature inside the car had also dropped to the freezing point at the moment, and Bai Zhantang had no choice but to turn on the warm air.
After taking a look at Chen Ping, Bai Zhantang sighed and turned the car around, heading towards the Hongcheng People’s Hospital.
After arriving at the hospital, Bai Zhantang took Chen Ping and Xiao Lan to the fourth floor, the entire fourth floor of the hospital was currently wrapped up by Bai Zhantang.
“Mr. Chen, Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix are not in danger of losing their lives, I called Sun Simiao to come and have given them both medicine, but they have broken bones all over their bodies, I’m afraid they will be invalids in the future ……”
Bai Zhan Tang introduced as he walked.
Chen Ping was expressionless and walked forward quickly, at this moment there were quite a few of Lin Tianhu and also Red Phoenix’s minions in the corridor, and when they saw Chen Ping coming, they were all excited!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Dozens of junior disciples stood on both sides and respectfully shouted towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything and directly pushed open the door of the ward!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Sun Simiao was inside the ward, and at this moment when he saw Chen Ping, he also hurried over and greeted him!
“Mr. Chen ……” At this moment, there was another person inside the ward, shouting towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked and found that it was Zhao Wuji, the Pavilion Master of the Kyoto Protector Pavilion, he did not expect that Zhao Wuji would also come to Hongcheng.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, I didn’t expect you to come too ……”
Chen Ping gave Zhao Wuji a slightly grateful look.
Zhao Wouji smiled awkwardly, “Mr. Chen, I just caught up, originally I was planning to come to Hongcheng to invite Mr. Chen to the international competition, but I didn’t expect such a thing to happen.”
As soon as Zhao Wuji said that, Chen Ping then remembered that he had promised to help Zhao Wuji in a tournament a few months ago.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, let me finish my business first, before following you!”
Chen Ping had to take care of the matter at hand before he could follow Zhao Wuji to Kyoto.
“Mr. Chen is not in a hurry, there are still a few days before the competition, besides I have already spoken to the Martial Arts a*sociation in Kyoto, I hope they can step in and help Mr. Chen mediate.”
Zhao Wuji knew that the ones seeking Chen Ping’s revenge were two Martial Sects, and that their Dharma Protection Pavilion was not that capable of intervening.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, I appreciate your kindness, I will handle this matter myself!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and placed his gaze on the two hospital beds within the ward, the two, Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, were wrapped like dumplings, lying on the beds with various instruments on them.
The two were not in danger of dying, but they could not move or speak at this moment, and only one pair of eyes could turn!
After seeing Chen Ping, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng were both very excited, their eyes blinking incessantly, and in Chi Feng’s eyes, there were tears flowing out.
Chen Ping stepped forward and grabbed Lin Tianhu with one hand and Red Phoenix with the other, and a trace of spiritual energy then penetrated their bodies.
After a few minutes, Chen Ping’s face turned ugly!
It seemed that Bai Zhan Tang was right, the bones of both of them had almost been knocked out, and even if they were put back together, they would become invalids, and it would be almost impossible for them to practise their kung fu.