“Emperor Lin, you this …… me this ……”
Daoist Master Wuji was a bit confused, what kind of medicine is this Lin Chong selling inside his gourd?
“Taoist Master, the man we found for Ting’er, he’s really great, we’ll organise a wedding for the two of them today, and you’ll be the witness!”
Lin Chong said to Daoist Wuji!
“Cough ……” Chen Ping coughed twice lightly, “Emperor Lin, it’s better to discuss the time to organise the wedding later, I still have a lot of things left to do!”
Chen Ping could not follow Lin Keting to organise the wedding, he had promised Su Yuqi that the first wedding would definitely follow Su Yuqi!
But sleeping together and having a double fix, that would be fine!
“That’s fine, we’ll talk about it after the wedding, you and Ting’er will talk first ……”
Lin Chong didn’t dare to go against Chen Ping’s wishes, he could only say along with Chen Ping!
Lin Ke Ting, Lin Kefan and Daoist Wuji were all in a state of confusion at the moment, they really didn’t understand, when did Lin Chong become so good at talking?
“Father, I heard that Chen Ping was captured, don’t get him killed first, let me take out my anger first, I have to clean him up today!”
Lin Ke Dong yelled and rushed into the palace hall!
When he heard that Lin Ke Fan had brought Chen Ping back, he directly rushed out from his confinement!
Chen Ping had injured him, causing him to lose face, and now that Chen Ping had been captured in Sun Moon City, on his own territory, Lin Ke Dong of course wanted to take revenge!
Lin Ke Dong saw that Lin Kefan and the others were there, but he didn’t care, his eyes were dead set on Chen Ping, and with a single stride, he rushed up!
“Kid, aren’t you very bullish, after falling into my hands today, I’m going to make your life worse than death ……”
Lin Ke Dong said, and unexpectedly slammed his fist fiercely towards Chen Ping!
“Rebellious son, wanton ……”
When Lin Chong saw this, he was almost scared to death, his body instantly rose up in the air, followed by a palm that sent Lin Ke Dong flying!
Lin Chong’s palm was not a light one, Lin Ke Dong’s body hit the stone pillar hard, spitting blood from his mouth!
“Father, you …………”
Lin Ke Dong collapsed on the ground, looking at Lin Chong with a face full of incredulity!
Lin Ke Fan as well as Lin Ke Ting were also shocked as they looked at Lin Chong, although the two of them did not like their big brother much either, they had never seen a time when their father had hit so hard!
“You rebellious son, I told you to think about it, but you ran out in private, it’s simply an added offence.”
“Just now you dared to lay hands on your brother-in-law, do you know that this Chen Ping is now your little sister’s man, do you lay such a heavy hand on her, do you want your little sister to become a widow?”
Lin Chong roared at Lin Ke Dong.
Lin Ke Dong was dumbfounded, and then said with a face full of aggression, “Father, even if he is your little sister’s man, you don’t have to hit me so hard, my ribs are broken ……”
“Serves you right, you give up to go and think properly, and then dare to do something to Chen Ping, I don’t have you as a son.”Lin Chong said in a cold voice!
“Biased, biased ah ……” Lin Ke Dong cried!
He thought that Lin Chong was heavy handed towards him, all because of Lin Keting, all knowing that Lin Chong liked Lin Keting as his little sister after all!
“Great Prince, quickly go back with me ……”
Lin Ruoya hurriedly chased in and helped Lin Ke Ting up!
“Ruoya, keep an eye on the Great Prince, don’t let him leave the place of confinement again, if he leaves once, I will take you to task!”
Lin Chong ordered Lin Ruoya!
“As you command!”Lin Ruoya nodded and then assisted Lin Ke Dong to leave!
“Father, even if Chen Ping is my man, you don’t have to hit big brother so hard, right?”
Lin Ke Ting said with some embarrassment!
As a child of the same Lin family, she was favoured by her father the most!
“You don’t have to care, from today onwards, your confinement stops, have fun with Chen Ping.”
Lin Chong said!
“Got it!”Lin Keting nodded!
Lin Keting, Lin Kefan and Chen Ping left the main hall, Daoist Wuji stayed behind, not knowing what he was talking about after Lin Chong!