“Heavenly Thunder Strikes the Top ……”
When Tong Youcai saw that Chen Ping had fought a dozen people on his own without being put in a disadvantageous position, he became furious!
After a loud shout, the void shook and a black cloud formed in mid-air, within which lightning was constantly striking down.
These lightning bolts were so powerful and dense, controlled by Tong Youcai, that they kept on bombarding Chen Ping!
The thunder in the sky was rolling, like a precursor to an impending storm.
When Chen Ping saw this, he couldn’t help but sneer!
Even if it was a real thunderstorm, Chen Ping had never been afraid of it, let alone Tong Youcai’s heavenly thunder, which was like a child’s play in Chen Ping’s eyes!
Chen Ping’s body flashed with golden light, and a thunderbolt struck Chen Ping’s body, but it did not cause any damage to him!
Seeing this, Leng Yun commanded the compa*s and a brilliant light shot out, turning into a sharp sword and heading straight for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping stepped on the golden dragon and instantly shot out a ray of light from its mouth, instantly knocking back the sword!
The golden dragon roared and an infinite amount of terrifying aura emanated from Chen Ping’s body, Leng Yun and Tong Youcai were all knocked back by this aura!
The other martial artists were all spitting blood under this terrifying aura, and many of them were seriously injured!
Seeing this, the two experts of the Burning Heaven Sect instantly choked out their spells and hid their bodies in mid-air, instantly making Chen Ping lose his target!
Chen Ping laughed coldly at this!
Although these people were good at invisibility, they could conceal their bodies, but they could not hide their breath!
By using his breath, Chen Ping had already pinpointed the two men’s positions!
Just as the two Burning Heaven Cult masters were about to launch a surprise attack on Chen Ping, Chen Ping chopped the Dragon Sword in his hand and slashed behind him!
The two Burning Heaven masters were cut in half with a blast of sword energy!
This time, a dozen of people fought against Chen Ping, but they were killed and injured so badly!
“D*mn, how could this kid be so powerful?”
Tong Youzhao couldn’t believe that Chen Ping, an out-of-boundary martial artist, was only at the Martial Saint realm, yet his strength was so terrifying!
Leng Yun also looked gloomy and gritted his teeth, Chen Ping’s strength was beyond his imagination!
If word got out about their situation in the Hidden Realm, they would be laughed off by other sects!
“Then why hasn’t the Great Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect made a move?”
Leng Yun said with a face full of anger.
“This guy, he doesn’t want to be a mantis catching a cicada, does he?”
When Tong Youcai saw that the Grand Protector had not made a move, he was also very angry!
But when they looked at the Grand Protector, they found that the Grand Protector was striking at Liu Rui!
Liu Rui was no match for the Grand Protector!
In just a few moves, Liu Rui was defeated by the Grand Protector and was captured alive by him!
“You’re really something, you’ve fought a dozen Hidden Realm experts by yourself, and you can do it so easily.”
“But this little girl is in my hands now, if you dare to resist, I will kill her immediately.”
The Great Protector said to Chen Ping as he held Liu Rui hostage.
When Chen Ping saw that Liu Rui was being held hostage by the Grand Protector, his brow furrowed instantly!
“As the Grand Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect, you are a dignified figure in the Hidden World, isn’t it a bit unethical to threaten me with a woman?”
Chen Ping spoke coldly to the Grand Protector.
“You don’t have to tell me this, I only care about the result, not the process.
The Great Protector grabbed Liu Rui’s head with one hand and threatened Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, don’t mind me, kill them ……”
Liu Rui yelled at Chen Ping!
Liu Rui could see that even if these people joined hands, they would hardly be a match for Chen Ping, so this great protector knew from the beginning, and therefore he had to threaten Chen Ping with himself.