Qi Jia Town!
Qi Yuankun, who was the Town Founder of Qi Jia Town, was drinking a little wine and waiting for his son to return!
During this period of time, after Qi Heng had risen to the Mahayana Realm, Qi Yuankun couldn’t be happier, this was the youngest Mahayana Realm expert in their neighbourhood!
Nowadays, the Qi family town had a certain reputation in the entire Eastern Region, especially now that there was also Ning Zhi in the Qi family town!
In addition to the fact that the Qi Family Town had cooperated with the Demon Sealing Alliance, it was even more like a tiger with wings!
The current Qi Yuankun had already expanded to the extreme!
Many of the smaller clans in the neighbourhood had been annexed by Qi Jia Town!
But just as Qi Yuankun was humming a little song and drinking a little wine, the two cultivators who had been brought there by Qi Heng ran back in a panic!
“Lord Secretary, Lord Secretary, it’s not good, it’s not good ……”
The two cultivators fell to their knees in front of Qi Yuankun, their bodies trembling!
Qi Yuankun frowned slightly and said, “What happened? Scared you two like this?”
“Where is the young master?”
One of the cultivators swallowed a mouthful of saliva and said, “Lord Secretary, the eldest young master was killed by someone ……”
With a crash ……
The wine cup in Qi Yuankun’s hand instantly fell to the ground before shattering!
“What did you say?”Qi Yuankun asked as he stood up, his face full of incredulity!
“Lord Secretary, the eldest young master was killed, his head chopped off with a sword!”
Another cultivator also rushed to say!
“Bullshit, impossible, absolutely impossible, how could there be such an expert in that Zhu Jia Town.”
Qi Yuankun didn’t believe it at all, because he knew that Zhu Clan Town wouldn’t have this kind of expert at all!
His own son was a Mahayana realm expert, and Zhu Yuanji of Zhu Family Town’s highest strength was only at the peak of the Ferrying realm!
How could he chop off his own son’s head with a single sword?
Suddenly, Qi Yuankun seemed to remember something, immediately widened his eyes and said: “Could it be, could it be the people from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect? Couldn’t someone from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect be in Zhu Jia Town?”
The only person who could kill a Mahayana realm expert with a single sword was that overthrown Ten Thousand Swords Sect!
And it would also have to be an elder or above figure of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect to be able to do that!
But the Ten Thousand Swords Sect had already been annihilated, and everyone was dead and fleeing, so how could anyone still dare to stay in this part of the Eastern Domain?
Qi Yuankun knew that the Ten Thousand Swords Sect had always had friendships with the Zhu Clan, but it was impossible for him to ignore his own life and stay in the Zhu Clan to help support the Zhu Clan.
You have to know that the Ten Thousand Swords Sect has offended the Demon Sealing Alliance, in the Eastern Region, mentioning the three words of the Demon Sealing Alliance, it is a god-like existence!
Every clan is proud to join the Demon Seal Alliance, after all, with the Demon Seal Alliance this can be a big tree, even if the East Region resources are scarce, can be the first to get more resources!
However, the Demon Seal Alliance is not what kind of sects and forces will accept, there are still certain requirements!
The Ten Thousand Swords Sect was looked upon by the Demon Sealing Alliance, but did not know what was good and bad, and could only lead to the disaster of extermination!
“Lord Secretary, it’s not someone from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, it’s …… that Chen Ping ……”
A cultivator said!
“Chen Ping?”
Qi Yuankun frowned slightly, he always felt that the name was familiar, but he couldn’t recall it for a moment!
“It’s that guy who was hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings!”
The cultivator explained!
Boom!
As soon as Qi Yuankun heard this, his head exploded, then he anxiously asked, “What realm is that Chen Ping in that he was able to kill my son with a single sword strike?”
“Seventh level of the Transitional Abomination Realm ……”
“Fuck you ……” That cultivator had just finished speaking when Qi Yuankun kicked that cultivator away!
“Do you take me for a fool? A seventh rank of the Transitional Realm is able to kill my son with a single sword, are you saying that my son, a Mahayana Realm expert, is not even as good as a seventh rank of the Transitional Realm?”
Qi Yuankun was furious, wasn’t this an insult to his intelligence