“Hahahaha, I see that you have already moved to kill that boy, right? Just this furnace pot is enough to move your killing heart.”
Yao Qing laughed out loud!
“Don’t say those useless things, if it wasn’t for me, your Burning Heaven Sect would have been destroyed long ago.”
“In the future, since Yue Buqun won’t be sending resources anymore, you shouldn’t come to the Pill Refining Sect to look for me anymore to avoid being discovered!”
“Also avoid people’s ears when you move that kid, otherwise if other people know that your Burning Heaven Sect still exists, do you think those people will let you off?”
Bao Yukun said in a cold tone to Yao Qing.
“Bao Yu Kun, what is the difference between you so-called famous sects and this evil sect of mine.”
“You are also typically falling on your sword, but let me tell you, whichever sect I go to now for cooperation, there will be people who will agree.”
“In front of profit, no one will stick to their principles, including you so-called famous sects.”
“Bah …………”
Yao Qing spat fiercely, and immediately afterwards, in a puff of black mist, Yao Qing disappeared!
After Yao Qing left, Bao Yu Kun ordered his men to carry the divine Nong Cauldron into the main hall!
After that, Bao Yu Kun began to study the divine Nong Cauldron!
…………
After Chen Ping and Yue Buqun returned to the Pure Yang Clan, Chen Ping planned to follow Yue Buqun to say goodbye!
He had to go back to Kyoto to fetch Pocky Hu and Long Xingxu as soon as possible!
“Brother Chen, you’ve offended the Heavenly Thunder Sect, I’m afraid that the Heavenly Thunder Sect will find you in trouble halfway, so I’ll let Xing’er and Rui’er accompany you back!”
“If they really run into people from the Heavenly Thunder Sect looking for trouble, they can still resist for a while, and the people from the Heavenly Thunder Sect won’t dare to kill them easily.”
“Don’t look at our three sects and six schools, we have a lot of open and secret fights, but no one dares to kill each other’s people easily.”
Yue Buqun said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was going to refuse, but once Liu Rui heard that she would be able to leave the mountain, go around and see the outside world of martial arts, she became excited!
“Mr. Chen, my master is being merciful, you know I can’t even remember how many years I haven’t stepped out of here!”
Liu Rui said as she excitedly followed Chen Ping.
Looking at Liu Rui’s excited look, Chen Ping could not afford to refuse.
Although that Liu Xing was not acting excited, he was also excited inside!
After all, Liu Xing’s arrogant nature made him not dare to show too much excitement!
Soon, Chen Ping took Liu Xing and Liu Rui on their journey back to Kyoto!
Chen Ping and the group walked out of the mountain range and then took a car to the nearest city, Qingcheng, where they were to make a flight back to Kyoto!
On the way, Liu Rui was very excited, constantly asking Chen Ping questions, just like a child who had just learned something!
Liu Xing’s eyes were also full of curiosity, but he was trying his best to restrain himself!
After arriving at Qingcheng, Chen Ping told Liu Xing and Liu Rui to wait for him, and he went to buy a plane ticket!
“Chen Ping, why do you have to go to such trouble? Isn’t it the same if we fly by sword?”
Liu Xing couldn’t help but ask Chen Ping.
“There are ordinary people everywhere here, if we fly with the imperial sword and people find out, it will cause panic.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he went straight to buy the air tickets.
When he finished buying the tickets, Chen Ping came back to find Liu Xing and Liu Rui looking straight at the sugar gourd seller with both eyes.
It was obvious that the two were very curious and wanted to eat the candy canes!
Chen Ping bought sugar gourds for the two, and as he watched the two eat them with gusto, Chen Ping couldn’t help but let out a bitter laugh!
“Does your Pure Yang Clan never go out of there and follow the outside world?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
Even if they were a hidden sect, they still had to follow the outside world and deal with it, as long as they didn’t expose their strength and didn’t attract trouble.
“That’s not true, many of our brothers and sisters have come to the metropolis, it’s just the two of us, senior brother and I. Master never let us out!”
Liu Rui said.