The Palace Master brought Chen Ping once again to the space where the Holy Maidens were cultivating!
Just as he entered, he heard a burst of chants and the sound of void explosions coming from within!
This was those Saint Maidens practicing against each other!
Only in this way could these Saint Maidens achieve the greatest tacit understanding!
Tomorrow, they would be leaving for the Polar Regions, and as for how many of these Holy Maidens would be able to come back alive, no one knew!
“All stop!”
The Palace Master shouted, and soon a dozen or so Saint Maidens appeared from everywhere!
“Palace Master, I’m leading my sisters to practice hard, this trip to the poles, we will never dishonour our mission, and we will definitely help our Broad Cold Palace find resources.”
Bing Lu stepped forward and said to the Palace Master of Broad Cold Palace!
“You guys have worked hard, we’re leaving tomorrow, you guys are training hard today, it’s not much use, you might as well relax.”
“You guys can leave this space today, go around outside.”
The Palace Master said!
Upon hearing this, the Holy Maidens were all very happy, after all, they had been here for several months and had never gone out!
“Many thanks Palace Master!” The holy maidens said in unison!
“Mr Chen came over today to bring you all gifts.”
The Palace Master finished and glanced at Chen Ping!
And those Saint Maidens all looked at Chen Ping, but there wasn’t much joy in their eyes, instead, their disdain for Chen Ping became heavier!
They thought that Chen Ping was giving them gifts in order to buy them off so that they could be obedient along the way!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to the gazes of these Holy Maidens, but instead took out the refined Xuan Tortoise Armour.
The Xuan Tortoise Armour emitted a faint glow, and a formation pattern appeared and disappeared!
“Xuan Tortoise Armour?”
Bing Lu was instantly shocked!
One must know that this Xuan Tortoise Armour was an extremely hard thing that could be used as a shield!
Especially if the Xuan Turtle Armour was engraved with formation patterns on top, it would be even harder!
“That’s right, these Xuan Turtle Armours were purchased by me from South End City, I carved formation patterns on them overnight, each of you have one to take with you.”
“In times of crisis, it can be used to save your lives, this Xuan Turtle Armour will still have no problem withstanding a strike from a cultivator of the eighth grade or above.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he casually waved his hand, and a dozen or so Xuan Tortoise Armours accurately landed in the hands of these Saint Maidens!
Upon hearing that the formation pattern on top of this Xuan Tortoise Armour was carved by Chen Ping himself, the faces of the Holy Maidens were filled with incredulity, with a few moments of doubt!
It was important to know that a formation master was very rare in the Celestial Realm, especially one who was able to inscribe formation patterns on top of this tortoise armour!
How Chen Ping looked at it, he did not look like he would be an advanced formation master!
Chen Ping also saw the doubts of these Holy Maidens and said with a faint smile “Are you questioning the hardness of the Xuan Tortoise Armour?”
The Holy Maidens did not say anything, but they were indeed worried, after all, that formation pattern was engraved by Chen Ping, if the formation was not advanced, relying on the Xuan Turtle Armour alone, it would not be able to withstand a single strike from a cultivator of the eighth grade of the Transition Realm or above!
Chen Ping glanced at the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace, while the Palace Master nodded, she understood what Chen Ping meant!
Chen Ping then threw the one remaining Xuan Turtle Armour in his hand into mid-air, while the Palace Master waved her sleeve!
A cold aura arrived instantaneously!
With this single wave at any time, the aura that erupted was as high as the ninth rank of the Ferry Realm!
The cold aura hit the Xuan Tortoise Armour with a loud bang!
The Xuan Tortoise Armour flashed with a dazzling light, the formation pattern engraved on it activated, and the Xuan Tortoise Armour also became huge in this instant!
Boom!
The cold aura disappeared with a bang, while the formation pattern on the Xuan Tortoise Armour slowly shattered, followed by the Xuan Tortoise Armour falling to the ground!
On top of the Xuan Turtle Armour, a crack began to spread out!
Then it turned into four pieces!
The saintesses couldn’t help but be shocked as they watched the scene before them!
This Xuan Tortoise Armour, in conjunction with the formation pattern, could withstand a single strike from a ninth rank Grand Cultivator of the Transition Realm!