“Senior brother, the Si-Shi Cliff is just a room, but staying inside is no easy task.”
“If staying inside, one can meditate and cultivate, anyone would want to go.”
“Then there will be aura within the Thoughtfulness Cliff that will infest the divine sense, and it will make the person staying in the Thoughtfulness Cliff feel pain.”
“And the Divine Consciousness will go through all sorts of tribulations, just as if it were really happening!”
“You must pay attention, although these three days aren’t long and won’t hurt your life, you will definitely be physically and mentally damaged and will have to recuperate for a while.”
Wei Qing gave Chen Ping a lecture on the Siwu Cliff, telling Chen Ping to never be careless!
“You don’t have to be too nervous, with your current skills, a three day Si Dou Cliff won’t do any harm.”
Elder Yu relieved Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, and then followed Elder Yu as they went to the Thoughtful Cliff!
The Thoughtfulness Cliff, was just a somewhat shabby looking hut with a sign hanging from the eaves that read Thoughtfulness Cliff!
Pushing open the door, Chen Ping walked in, there was almost nothing inside, only a dirty looking futon mat!
“This environment, it looks like no one should have been here for a long time.”
Chen Ping surveyed the fist and then sat on top of the futon mat!
Three days was really a flash of time for cultivators, as long as they entered a state of cultivation, time would not be an issue!
But when Chen Ping had just sat down and closed his eyes to mobilise the aura in his body in preparation for cultivation, he suddenly felt that within his sea of consciousness. A breath appeared, which was continuously condensing!
This breath, was not within Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping had no way to control it at all, but Wei Qing had already said so in advance, so Chen Ping was not alarmed!
This should be the breath that the Purple Flame Sect’s Thoughtful Cliff, used to control the Sea of Consciousness, and Chen Ping did not deliberately try to resist it!
As the aura filled the Sea of Consciousness, Chen Ping only felt a rush of heat in his body!
Opening his eyes, he found that there was a towering mountain in front of him, the entire mountain was a fiery red colour, like a flaming mountain!
And where Chen Ping was sitting, in front of him was a straight section of the cliff wall, on top of which were written the three words Si Guo Yi (思过崖)!
Chen Ping at this moment, only then did he understand the origin of the Siwai Cliff, so it turned out that after entering the room, he would really be brought under a cliff wall!
Just as Chen Ping was looking at the Siwu Cliff in front of him, suddenly above the mountains, a flame came like a flood!
Chen Ping tried to dodge, but he was simply unable to do so!
Soon, Chen Ping’s body was engulfed by that flame!
For a moment, the intense burning sensation caused Chen Ping to be in pain, and he hurriedly used the Extreme Cold Ice Flame to resist this scorching heat!
However, no matter how Chen Ping resisted, it was useless, as if the Extreme Cold Ice Flame had lost the icy coldness it possessed!
“What is this …… this?”
Chen Ping was shocked!
“This is in the illusion, of course your Extreme Cold Ice Flame is useless, everything you see and feel right now is dominated by the Divine Consciousness, since you are all the Sea of Consciousness is controlled, so whatever the other party wants you to feel, you will feel.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said slowly!
Only then did Chen Ping understand that he should still be inside that dilapidated room at this moment, it was just that his own divine sense was being controlled, and that was why he was seeing everything in front of him!
The helpless Chen Ping could only use his body to resist the scorching flames, under the engulfment of the flames, Chen Ping felt a sense of agitation as if he was about to go mad!
“Quickly look, quickly see what’s on the cliff wall ……”
Suddenly, the Red Cloud Demon Lord reminded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned and looked at the cliff wall, and found that there was only the three words “Thinking Cliff” on the cliff wall, there was nothing at all!
“Nothing ah, what do you see?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!
“Kung Fu, it’s Kung Fu, calm down and look at it with your heart ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch reminded!