Boom …………
The Dragon Beheading Sword was like a dragon coming out of the sea, a sharp sword qi descending from the sky ……
The crowd all looked at the scene in front of them in disbelief!
They didn’t expect that a sword, on its own, would be able to emit such great power!
This kind of power could be no less than that Martial Saint Artifact.
It was even a little stronger than the power of that Martial Saint Artifact.
Feeling the power of the Dragon Beheading Sword, all of those black and silver robes were startled, and their movements began to have hesitation.
“Don’t care, kill Chen Ping first, as long as Chen Ping dies, that sword will be useless ……”
The Boss roared angrily, telling the crowd to ignore the Dragon Beheading Sword!
In his opinion, although the Dragon Beheading Sword came out of his hand, it was still controlled by Chen Ping, and at this time, when Chen Ping was controlling the Dragon Beheading Sword, then his defence was the weakest.
However, the boss was wrong, now the Dragon Sword was not controlled by Chen Ping, but by the sword spirit itself.
Six terrifying auras headed towards Chen Ping, and with the power emanating from two of the Martial Saint Artifacts, even if Chen Ping had an Unbreakable Golden Body, and even if Chen Ping’s physical body was strong, it would be almost impossible for him to harden himself against these attacks.
However, Chen Ping’s physical body could not resist these attacks, but he did not panic and waited quietly!
Seeing Chen Ping not moving, a cold smile appeared at the corner of the Boss’s mouth, he thought that Chen Ping was controlling the Dragon Cutting Sword and had no way to take care of this place.
However, just as a terrifying aura arrived in front of Chen Ping, there was suddenly one more person in front of Chen Ping.
To be exact, there was one more corpse!
The Blood Demon’s fleshly body was used as a shield by Chen Ping, directly in front of his body.
This sudden scene caused the crowd to be stunned, not understanding what this Chen Ping was up to!
There were also the several Black Silver Robes, who were all in a state of confusion!
They did not understand why Chen Ping had taken out a corpse for what purpose at this time of life and death?
But soon, they understood.
They only saw that the aura striking the flesh of the Blood Demon was instantly blocked, while the flesh of the Blood Demon did not leave a trace behind!
Even the attacks from those two Martial Saint Artifacts were easily blocked by the Blood Demon’s flesh!
At this moment, the several black and silver robes were all dumbfounded!
They couldn’t understand what kind of person’s physical body would be so strong that even the Martial Saint Weapons couldn’t leave a trace!
At this moment, seeing the Blood Demon’s physical body, a person above the stands revealed a thick light in his eyes!
This person was Zhou Jie, who had come to invite Chen Ping to co-operate, to invite Chen Ping to the Demon Spirit Sect, and had even gone so far as to tell Chen Ping some of the secrets of the Martial Alliance, for the sake of this Blood Demon’s flesh!
“What the hell is this thing?”
The black and silver robed oldest asked with a puzzled look on his face.
But before anyone could answer, they felt a threat from above their heads!
Only to see the Dragon Slashing Sword emitting a terrifying powerful aura that came from above and enveloped several people above their heads!
“Retreat …………”
The Boss was startled and his figure retreated backwards in a hurry.
The other black and silver robes all followed suit and hurriedly retreated, but a sword qi was like rain, still falling towards the several people!
They had no choice but to brandish the weapons in their hands and continuously follow the sword Qi to resist!
What the crowd saw at the moment was a few black and silver robes following a sword in a confrontation, while Chen Ping appeared to be doing nothing.
After a burst of swords, a few black and silver robes looked a bit lousy, and the black robes on their bodies were all torn and tattered, like beggars!
Six Grand Martial Marquis and two Martial Saint Artifacts had failed to take down Chen Ping, which had shocked many people!
“Old Five, Old Seven, you guys follow me to deal with that Chen Ping!”
“Old Three, Old Four, Old Six, you guys hold back that sword ……”
The Boss ordered loudly after catching his breath for a moment.
They were going to split up and fight, it turned out that that Dragon Cutting Sword was not being controlled by Chen Ping, but had an autonomous sense of attack!
Obviously it was a spirit sword, and the sword spirit also possessed a portion of divine sense now.