Looking at the flame aura that had suddenly disappeared, everyone was confused, not knowing what had happened!
When everyone got closer, they realised that the Divine Flame Seal had reached Chen Ping’s hands without knowing what was going on!
It was important to know that the Divine Flame Seal recognising its owner was not a simple matter, and not everyone could make the Divine Flame Seal recognise its owner!
Now that the Divine Flame Seal was in Chen Ping’s hands, it proved that the Divine Flame Seal had already recognised Chen Ping as its master!
In such a short period of time, how could the Divine Flame Seal go from Huo Dong’s hands to Chen Ping’s hands?
No one knew what had happened!
Each and every one of them looked at Chen Ping in disbelief!
Huo Yuan Ting was even shocked, “Son, what’s going on? How did the Divine Flame Seal get into his hands?”
Huo Dong didn’t say a word, his entire body had long been dumbfounded, and at this moment, fear was already showing in his eyes!
A person, once his heart was overrun by fear, then he was completely finished!
“Chen Ping, I’ve lost, I’ve lost, just give me a break ……”
Huo Dong was actually begging for mercy after Chen Ping!
This sudden plea for mercy from Huo Dong left everyone in a daze, not understanding what exactly Huo Dong had just experienced.
Even Huo Yuan Ting did not expect that his son would open his mouth to beg for mercy!
“Spare your life?”
Chen Ping had a teasing look on his face as the Divine Flame Seal in his hand suddenly erupted with a flame breath!
Boom!
Huo Dong’s body was instantly wrapped in flames, and a miserable scream emitted from that Huo Dong’s mouth!
After only a moment, Huo Dong’s entire body was burnt to ashes!
Huo Yuan Ting didn’t even have time to save him!
The scene was silent!
The Mahayana Realm’s Huo Dong had been begged for mercy by Chen Ping, a fifth ranked great of the Transition Realm, and in the end, he had been burnt alive!
If someone had told them in the past that the fifth rank of the Transition realm was able to defeat a cultivator of the Mahayana realm, they would not have believed it and would have cursed the person to death!
But now, they all believed it because it was something they had seen with their own eyes!
Huo Yuan Ting looked at Huo Dong who had become ashes, the expression on his face directly froze and his body was trembling slightly!
Everyone else’s mouths were also wide open in shock!
“Son, my son …………”
Huo Yuan Ting roared up.
Rumbling …………
A red cloud in the sky began to coalesce continuously!
It was accompanied by a terrifying flaming thunderbolt that fell violently, heading straight for Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, be careful ……”
When the old Sect Master saw this, his body leapt forward!
He had long been on the lookout for that Huo Yuan Ting, this fellow would definitely be furious when he saw his son die!
The old Sect Master hung above Chen Ping’s head, his body erupting with an aura that formed a terrifying defensive shield!
This Huo Yuan Ting was also a Mahayana Realm expert, not something that could be compared to someone like Huo Dong who had just been promoted to the Mahayana Realm!
When this fellow made a move against Chen Ping, Chen Ping would definitely not be able to carry it!
Not to mention the fact that Chen Ping had just gone through a great battle and had no time to rest!
The old Sect Master gritted his teeth and resisted the terrifying flame thunder!
Although the old Sect Master’s strength was not weak to that Huo Yuan Ting, it was a pity that the old Sect Master’s Divine Consciousness was damaged and had not fully recovered, so his strength could not be fully exploded!
Chen Ping looked up at the old Sect Master who was painstakingly helping to fend himself off, and inwardly dared to move!
“Old Sect Master, you don’t need to help me resist, even if I don’t move, that Huo Yuan Ting can’t do anything to me.”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Divine Flame Seal in his hand instantly erupted into a sky-rocketing flame!
The flaming thunder was instantly crushed by the flame, it was not even on the same level!
The old Sect Master and Huo Yuanting all looked at Chen Ping in shock!
They knew that they had all used the Divine Flame Seal before, and they knew exactly how powerful a flame the Divine Flame Seal could erupt!
However, the sky-rocketing flame just now should not have been something that the Divine Flame Seal was capable of erupting from!