Now that Chen Ping had forcibly boosted his strength and killed Fan Jiang, this kind of terrifying battle record was long beyond Long Xiao’s ability to match.
“Dad, I’m going to close down and cultivate …………”
Long Xiao took a deep breath, a deep and terrifying light in his eyes!
He only had one arm now, so he had to cultivate harder than the others in order to do so.
Long Jingguo looked at Long Xiao, then patted Long Xiao’s shoulder, “Good, now that Chen Ping is no longer enough to worry about, if you can advance to the realm of Grand Martial Marquis, our Long Family will definitely regain its glory ……”
“Grand Martial Marquis?” Long Xiao smiled coldly, “My goal is Martial Saint ……”
………………
Kyoto Martial Alliance!
After Zhu Zhishan went back, he immediately sent people to start looking around for Chen Ping’s whereabouts, especially on his way to the Pill God Valley!
“Now that Chen Ping, dead or alive, isn’t enough to threaten our Martial Dao Alliance, I’m kind of relieved!”
Zhu Zhishan let out a long breath.
It was because of Chen Ping that he had lost an arm and almost even lost his position as Alliance Master, now that Chen Ping had become a invalid even if he didn’t die, Zhu Zhishan could finally sleep in peace.
“Do you all think that Fan Jiang was not killed by that Chen Ping?”
At this moment, Ning Zhi slowly walked out from the back.
Seeing Ning Zhi, Zhu Zhishan’s originally relaxed mood instantly became a little tense.
For some reason, Zhu Zhishan would always be nervous when facing Ning Zhi during this period of time.
It was clear that he was the alliance leader and Ning Zhi was the vice-leader!
But Zhu Zhishan was afraid of meeting Ning Zhi!
“We went to the scene and saw that Fan Jiang was dead, if it wasn’t Chen Ping who killed him, who could it have been?”
“You can ask the three of them, there was still the scent of Chen Ping burning his essence blood at the scene, it should have been just shortly after the battle!”
Zhu Zhishan said.
“That’s right, we did feel Chen Ping’s aura of burning essence blood at the scene.”
“This is the only way Chen Ping could have killed Fan Jiang, or else he would not be a match for him!”
A black bronze robe explained.
“Even if that Chen Ping burned his essence blood, he was not a match for that Fan Jiang, Fan Jiang must have been killed by someone else ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes faintly stared and said!
“Who? Who in the whole of Kyoto would help that Chen Ping to kill Fan Jiang?”
Zhu Zhishan asked incredulously.
“Mr. Shi …………”
Ning Zhi slowly spoke.
Hearing the three words Mr. Shi, Zhu Zhishan’s body just trembled.
“Impossible, how could Mr. Shi have helped that Chen Ping kill Fan Jiang, besides we have people everywhere, we didn’t find Mr. Shi leaving the Dharma Protector Pavilion ah?”
Zhu Zhishan felt it was unlikely.
“Believe it or not, I have to report this matter immediately.”
“If it’s true that Mr. Shi made a move on that Fan Jiang, then it proves that Chen Ping is not necessarily a ruined man now, if that’s the case, our strategy towards Chen Ping will have to be altered ……”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, was bewildered, muttering under his breath, “Impossible, how is it possible, that Chen Ping burned his essence blood, even if he doesn’t die, he is definitely a ruined man ……”
Zhu Zhishan did not want to believe what Ning Zhi said, he did not want to let Chen Ping become his nightmare in the ……
………………
Pill God Valley.
Everyone was gathered around Chen Ping, each with joy on their faces!
The fact that Chen Ping was left alone to deal with the Black Bronze Robe had everyone in the Pill God Valley worried!
Especially Xiao Ru, if anything happened to Chen Ping, she wouldn’t be alive!
Chen Ping had gone to the martial arts arena just to save her!
Now that she saw that Chen Ping had returned, Xiao Ru was very happy inside!
But this time, Chen Ping couldn’t be happy anymore, he had truly seen how terrifying the Martial Alliance was this time!
If Mr. Shi hadn’t suddenly shown up, Chen Ping would have been dead by now!