“Ling’er, why didn’t you come out to say something when your grandfather came just now? I thought you two weren’t home!”
Chen Ping didn’t answer Su Yuqi, but looked at Gu Ling’er with some confusion and asked.
“When my grandfather saw me, he must have told me to go home, and I didn’t want to go back ……”
Gu Ling’er said with a heated smile!
“There’s really nothing I can do about you guys ……”
Chen Ping shook his head helplessly.
“Chen Ping, you haven’t answered me yet, where are you guys going?”
Su Yuqi once again asked after Chen Ping.
“There is an antique exhibition auction in Kyoto, I am going to follow the ancient to go there!”
Chen Ping said as he said.
“Great, we’re going too ……” Su Yuqi said happily.
“Yes, we’re going too, it just so happens that I still have friends in Kyoto and someone to entertain!”
Gu Ling’er also nodded her head repeatedly!
Chen Ping looked at the two people, it looked like the two people had long planned to follow along.
“I don’t care, you guys can follow ancient sayings yourselves tomorrow ……”
Chen Ping said and went back to his room!
Early the next morning, Tang Long, the personal bodyguard beside Gu Wentian, came to pick up Chen Ping!
Just as the car stopped, Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi got in, and Tang Long couldn’t stop them!
Seeing this, Chen Ping had no choice but to get into the car!
When he picked up Gu Mantian, he saw that Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi were also in the car, Gu Mantian was slightly stunned, but in the end he smiled and didn’t say anything!
Gu Mantian sat in the pa*senger seat, while Chen Ping squeezed in the back with Su Yuqi Gu Ling’er, Chen Ping sat in the middle, Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi one left and one right!
“It’s cheaper for you, our two big beauties are accompanying you left and right ……”
Su Yuqi whispered in Chen Ping’s ear.
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he knew that this was all because Su Yuqi sat like this on purpose, this was to test his endurance ah!
The first time she was in the hotel, she had never sat so close to Chen Ping, except to save her.
Now feeling Chen Ping’s manly scent, Gu Ling’er’s eyes kept looking out the window and her heart began to beat faster!
The pa*senger, Gu Mantian, looked in the rear view mirror from time to time, looking at Chen Ping in the back row with a lifeless look on his face, the corners of his mouth faintly showing a few smiles!
Gu Ling’er’s mind was best understood by him as a grandfather, but Gu Mantian did not stop her, if Gu Ling’er could really follow Chen Ping, Gu Mantian would raise his hands in approval, even if it was only to be a confidante by Chen Ping’s side!
“Mr. Chen, at this antique exhibition and auction, the Hong Kong merchants will bring many masters, and sometimes they will refine some magic weapons on site, Mr. Chen can take this opportunity to follow those masters to exchange about refining weapons, I have heard that Yuan Baozhong, the number one feng shui master on that side of Central Hong Kong, personally refined a magic weapon for the richest man in Central Hong Kong and avoided a car accident!”
“Nowadays, on that side of Central Hong Kong, many wealthy businessmen will hold these masters of magic and feng shui as their guests, these people still have some strength!”
Gu Wentian turned to Chen Ping, he was also trying to ease Chen Ping’s embarra*sment!
“It’s all just a trick to deceive people, how can a magic weapon be so easy to refine ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
A real magic weapon, that is one that contains the laws of heaven and earth and has to be operated by a formation, even the jade pendant that Chen Ping had refined for Su Yuqi could only barely be considered a defensive magic weapon that was just beginning.
The atmosphere in the car became very quiet, and all that could be heard was the sound of the car speeding along!
Five hours later, the car drove into Kyoto, the prosperity of Kyoto is not comparable to that of Hongcheng, not even the provincial city of Jiangbei!
The towering skyscrapers and the endless flow of traffic all expressed the fast-paced lifestyle of Kyoto!