Boom!
Mu Qing’s sword chopped down, the entire void exploded, the large ring also followed a quake, the air waves scattered, even the formation around the ring could not help but distort!
Surrounding the crowd were all startled, many people have retreated, this if the formation can not carry, the aftermath of the scattered words, many cultivators are afraid to follow the disaster!
When the air waves dispersed and everyone’s attention returned to the ring, they were surprised to find that Chen Ping was still standing still, holding the Dragon Sword without the slightest change!
Even the expression on his face had not changed in the slightest, as if nothing had happened!
Mu Qing’s sword was as if it had not chopped at Chen Ping at all!
Before the sharp sword qi even reached Chen Ping, it unexpectedly all dissipated and disappeared without a trace!
“How is this …… this possible?”
Numerous cultivators saw this scene and could not help but be shocked in their hearts, to know that Mu Qing was a first grade cultivator of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping a seventh grade realm of the Transition realm, even if he could cross over, he could not be so outrageous ah!
In front of Chen Ping, Mu Qing’s Mahayana realm first grade seemed to be worthless!
“Is Mr Chen so strong? The first rank of the Mahayana realm can’t even touch him?”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master looked at Chen Ping’s figure and her heart shook!
One must know that a month ago, Chen Ping was still the one who needed her protection!
However, in just one month, Chen Ping’s strength was already unfathomable, and the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace was no longer an opponent!
This made the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master feel a little excited inwardly, and if she wasn’t in the way of the Broad Cold Palace Master’s identity, perhaps she would have already thrown herself into Chen Ping’s arms!
Chen Ping was the most talented person she had ever seen, and had especially saved her life, so it was only natural that the Broad Cold Palace Master would be secretly in love with her!
At this time, Chief Liu’s face had become extremely ugly, Mu Qing’s two attacks, one stronger than the other, but they did not touch Chen Ping in the slightest!
This was still in a situation where Chen Ping had not counterattacked, according to how this situation was developing, he didn’t dare to imagine if Mu Qing would still be able to walk off the ring alive!
Tan Rongkun’s face was also full of gravity at this moment, there was no longer the contempt that he had at the beginning, the strength that Chen Ping had shown was indeed very inconsistent with the realm!
At this moment, he finally understood why Chen Ping had dared to say that kind of big words when he was in the gambling house!
“Mr Chen, bullish, too bullish ……”
“Mr Chen will win ……”
Seeing this, Shen Ji Zi excitedly yelled, and even got a flag from somewhere and waved it hard to cheer Chen Ping!
The surrounding cultivators, on the other hand, were all gloomy and helpless, had they known that Chen Ping was so bullish, they would have just bet on Chen Ping as well!
Many people had put their entire fortune on Mu Qing, if Mu Qing lost, they would lose everything!
Mu Qing was on top of the ring, gritting his teeth and looking at Chen Ping, the confidence he had at the beginning had long since vanished.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, and a faint spiritual energy emanated around his body, which slowly spread, causing space to begin to fluctuate and grow more and more intense!
The Unbreakable Golden Body activated, the golden scales that emitted a golden glow began to cover Chen Ping’s entire body!
Although the True Fire Dharma Body was very useful, it was impossible for Chen Ping to use the power of the True Fire Dharma Body all the time, after all, the True Fire Dharma Body had not yet reached the point of complete solidification!
With the two attacks just now, the True Fire Dharma Body had also taken quite a beating, only in the eyes of the crowd, Chen Ping was unharmed and unharmed at all!
“If this is all you are capable of, wanting to kill me in ten moves is a bit unlikely, isn’t it?”
Chen Ping said as he looked towards Mu Qing with a teasing face!
Looking at Chen Ping’s teasing look, Mu Qing almost did not die of anger, and that too in front of everyone!