Somewhere in a cave in the Celestial Realm!
“Senior Brother, your eye for people is spot on. The Heaven-Earth Formation’s about to show itself. Once we break it, we’ll be free!”
Zhen Mo gazed at the sudden celestial phenomena in the Celestial Realm, his face brimming with excitement!
“Of course, my judgement’s always been better than yours!”
Shenwen Old Ancestor said with a smug grin!
“Rubbish, this was handed to us on a plate, what’s it got to do with you? Hurry up and play your move!”
“With that half-baked three-legged cat array you taught, even if the Heaven-Earth Formation shows up, he might not break it. He’ll need me to teach him properly.”
Zhen Mo rolled his eyes!
“Your measly skills aren’t even up to my level, and you’ve got the cheek to talk?”
Shenwen Old Ancestor scoffed!
“You’re talking nonsense. Don’t think just because you’re the senior brother you can put me down. If you’re not convinced, let’s settle it…”
Zhen Mo flared up!
“Settle it then, you think I’m scared…” Shenwen Old Ancestor tossed his chess piece aside!
“Here we go…”
The two started brawling again, a fight they’d had countless times before!
Only when they were knackered would they finally part ways!
…
Wuwang Lands, Dao Sect!
Chen Ping had been sparring with Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian for a month now!
Though his realm had climbed to Great Ascension Fourth Rank in that time, Chen Ping hadn’t let up!
From getting thrashed by Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian at the start, he could now hold his own against them with ease!
Over that month, many cultivators who’d entered the Heaven-Ascending Ladder had started trickling back out!
Xuan Bin, Lin Kefan, and others had returned, though Yun Li was likely still on the fourth level!
Most of them hadn’t gone in aiming to clear all nine levels and reach the Heavenly Realm!
They were there to scrounge some resources or get a bit of training, nothing more!
Clearing nine levels was no walk in the park!
Ming Shao emerged from the ladder too, buzzing with excitement. Judging by his vibe, he’d nabbed plenty of goodies inside!
“Eh, this kid’s jumped a whole realm in just a month?”
When Ming Shao reached the Dao Sect, he clocked that Chen Ping had gone from Great Ascension Third Rank to Fourth Rank!
And it didn’t even look like Chen Ping had been inside the ladder’s world!
“Ming Shao, those Fire Incineration Sect sisters aren’t at the Dao Sect right now. Looks like they’re still in the ladder. This is the perfect chance to deal with Chen Ping!”
The red-haired old man whispered!
“Ming Shao, it’s a golden opportunity now…” Qian Xiao Han chimed in from beside him!
Qian Xiao Han was dead set on killing Chen Ping, no matter what!
“Ming Shao, if our families team up against Chen Ping, it’ll be a piece of cake!”
Huo Zhenfeng, the Huo family head, piped up eagerly!
Chen Ping had deep grudges with all of them, and they couldn’t wait to see him dead!
Ming Shao nodded, then glanced at the black-robed cultivators behind him, “Fusheng, you eight go have a go at Chen Ping. You’re all sword cultivators, it’s a good match!”
The leader of the eight black-robed figures nodded, “Understood…”
The eight shed their robes, revealing tight-fitting cloth outfits, each with a sword case slung across their backs. Their sword cultivator identity was plain as day!
“The Eight Swords of Demon Mountain?”
Seeing their get-up, both Huo Zhenfeng and Qian Xiao Han were gobsmacked. They hadn’t expected the long-vanished Eight Swords of Demon Mountain to be with the Four Nether Mansions now!
In a flash, the eight vanished, and eight razor-sharp sword qi streaked across the sky!
Man and sword as one…
Chen Ping, mid-spar, furrowed his brows and looked up, his expression turning grave!
These eight sword qi weren’t from your average cultivators. Judging by their aura, they were at least Ascension Realm Fourth Rank, maybe higher!