“Ah, I killed ninety-nine heads, just one more, just one more ah …………”
A cultivator roared with unwillingness, but in the end, he was still transported out of the examination ground by a light!
Seeing Chen Ping and the rest of them all he passed, Lu San’s face became very ugly!
“This level is passed, the next level should be paid special attention to, and is also the most tested to fire.”
Qian Xiu said to the crowd!
She was also speaking to Chen Ping, who was too weak to the fire, so the next level was important!
Along with a large amount of light shining down, Chen Ping and the others were slowly wrapped in the light, followed by a blackness in front of everyone’s eyes!
When Chen Ping opened his eyes again, he realised that the surroundings were white, nothing could be seen and there was no way for his divine sense to penetrate!
At this moment, Chen Ping felt like he was in a confined space!
Chen Ping tried to penetrate the white area, but found that he could not go out at all!
“Junior Brother, don’t be afraid, you only need to use the Supreme Fire in your body to withstand the test for a while.”
“Don’t worry, it won’t be life threatening, if you really can’t hold on, you can shout to quit.”
At this time, Qian Xiu’s voice came over!
“Got it, Senior Sister Qian!”
Chen Ping nodded, then sat down quietly, quietly waiting for the test to come!
Soon, a wave of heat rolled over, and Chen Ping’s entire body seemed to be placed in the midst of flames!
Chen Ping was able to feel that fiery burning scene around himself, although he could not see it, he was able to feel it!
So everyone used the supreme fire within their bodies to resist the heat wave1
The burning of the Supreme Flame within his body would make that heat wave around him have no way to invade his body!
For his part, Chen Ping sat quietly, even if he did not use the Supreme Flame to resist, the heat wave with just this amount of power would not be able to help him at all!
Chen Ping sat for a while, feeling a little bored, he actually began to actively absorb that heat wave, he wanted to see what kind of flames this heat wave produced!
Along with Chen Ping absorbing that heat wave, he was surprisingly surprised to find that this wave of heat was actually emanating from the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Fire!
Feeling this aura, Chen Ping suddenly felt a joy in his heart!
This was the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame, which Chen Ping had never seen before, if he could absorb and refine this Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame and make it his own, wouldn’t that be one more type of Supreme Flame?
Thinking of this, Chen Ping actually began to actively absorb the heat wave, and his divine sense continued to extend outwards along with the heat wave!
Chen Ping had to find out where the Supreme Flame was before he could try to refine and absorb it!
The surroundings were white, although it blocked the divine sense, but Chen Ping used this heat wave to make the divine sense extend out!
Along with the extension of Chen Ping’s divine sense, he found that all of them were within a great space at this moment, each of them was not far away from each other, but all of them were enveloped by formations!
In the middle of these people, a ball of supreme fire was constantly jumping, and it was obvious that this rolling heat wave was due to the emanation of this ball of supreme fire!
Just as Chen Ping was about to take a closer look at the Supreme Flame, suddenly a figure was sneaking towards the Supreme Flame!
Chen Ping saw that the figure was actually according to Lu San.
Chen Ping froze, he did not understand how someone could leave their place during this examination!
One must know that Chen Ping had not been able to leave his own area no matter how he walked!
But how did that Lu San leave his area?
Chen Ping used his divine sense to probe this fellow, he wanted to see what this Lu San was up to!
He only saw Lu San holding something wrapped in red cloth, and when he opened it, it was a copper mirror with a formation pattern engraved on it!
And this Lu San was precisely using this copper mirror to be able to casually travel within this area!