“What if I choose to let you die?” Chen Ping’s brows furrowed slightly.
Yun Wuya was stunned, then a cyan longsword appeared in his hand, “Kid, you dare speak to me like that? If I don’t take your lives today, where will the face of my Qingyun Sect be?”
As soon as he finished speaking, Yun Wuya struck first.
He swung his longsword, sending waves of cyan sword energy shooting towards Chen Ping and his group.
The sword energy of a seventh-rank Loose Immortal was terrifying and dreadful!
Chen Ping’s eyes were full of disdain, with a gentle wave of his Dragon-Slaying Sword, beams of sword light shot out, and the cyan sword energy dissipated into nothingness upon contact.
Yun Wuya was shocked to see his attack so easily neutralized.
He hadn’t expected this young man to be so powerful, but as the leader of the Qingyun Sect, how could he admit defeat so easily?
With a loud shout, he channelled all his strength, unleashing the Qingyun Sect’s ultimate technique, the Qingyun Sword Art.
Countless cyan sword lights appeared in the sky, like a sea of swords, enveloping Chen Ping and his group.
Facing Yun Wuya’s ultimate move, Chen Ping and his companions remained completely calm!
Whether it was Hu Mazi, Huo Jingjing, or Mo Qingyun, they all knew that dealing with this man was no different from crushing an ant for Chen Ping!
“Petty tricks.”
Chen Ping sneered, his body instantly covered in golden scales as his Indestructible Golden Body activated.
The cyan sword lights struck Chen Ping, producing metallic clangs, yet they didn’t harm him in the slightest.
In a flash, Chen Ping appeared in front of Yun Wuya.
His speed was so fast that Yun Wuya had no time to react.
Chen Ping landed a punch on Yun Wuya’s chest, the immense force sending him flying, crashing heavily to the ground.
Seeing their sect leader defeated, the Qingyun Sect members showed expressions of fear.
They wanted to help but were intimidated by Chen Ping’s strength.
“I’ll say it again, we’re only staying temporarily and have no intention of being your enemy,” Chen Ping coldly scanned the Qingyun Sect members, “If you don’t know what’s good for you, don’t blame me for being merciless, killing you lot is no different from crushing ants.”
Chen Ping said with utmost swagger!
Hu Mazi, seeing Chen Ping’s demeanour, couldn’t help but give a thumbs-up, “King of Swagger…”
“Chen Ping looks so cool when he’s showing off…”
Huo Jingjing and Mo Qingyun were both smitten.
Yun Wuya struggled to his feet, filled with reluctance, but he didn’t dare act rashly again.
“Let me ask you, which is closer to your Qingyun Sect, the Tianyan Sect, the Barbaric Ancient Clan, or the Blood Shadow Palace?”
Chen Ping asked Yun Wuya.
Yun Wuya looked at Chen Ping, puzzled by his intentions, and asked, “You… what do you want with these three forces?”
“Just some minor disputes, I’m planning to wipe them out, so I’m deciding which one to start with.”
Chen Ping said nonchalantly.
Yun Wuya swallowed hard upon hearing this, these three forces were among the top powers in the Third Heaven.
None of them were within the Qingyun Sect’s ability to provoke.
And now Chen Ping was planning to wipe out these three top forces?
“This is the most remote part of the Third Heaven, quite far from all three forces, but relatively speaking, the Barbaric Ancient Clan is closer.”
Yun Wuya answered honestly.
“Then, is the most powerful force in the Third Heaven the Seven Halls of the Divine Hall?”
Chen Ping continued to ask.
The master of the Seven Halls, with peak Loose Immortal strength, should logically be the strongest in the Third Heaven!
Moreover, with the Divine Hall backing them, it made sense for the Seven Halls’ master to be the most dominant in the Third Heaven!
Yun Wuya nodded, then shook his head.
Seeing Yun Wuya’s reaction, Chen Ping asked curiously, “What do you mean by that?”
“I mean, yes and no…”
Yun Wuya said.