“You know him?”Chen Ping asked as he looked at the youngest sister’s brother!
“Of course, this Duke Qiu is very famous in Beast City, he walks horizontally on the streets.”
The youngest sister’s brother said!
“Now he can’t walk horizontally, his legs have been wasted by me ……”
Chen Ping said!
“Brother-in-law, you are also too reckless, this Duke Qiu’s father, but one of the three great beast generals, you now waste his legs, that is a big trouble!”
The youngest sister’s brother said with a face full of shock!
“Trespassing?”Chen Ping smiled faintly, “Not only will I waste his legs, I will kill him as well ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand made a forceful stab, followed by a pick, directly picking out that Qiu Yu’s Beast Dan!
Before Qiu Yu could even beg for mercy, he died!
This time, the siblings were scared to death!
They didn’t expect Chen Ping to even dare to kill the sons of the three great beast generals!
It was simply too bold!
“I can tell you right now, I’m in jail, and it’s also because I beat this Qiu Yu.”
“If I kill him now, I’ve definitely followed the Qiu family and made a blood feud, the Qiu family will definitely send people after me.”
“So you two don’t follow me, it will be very dangerous!”
Chen Ping said to the youngest sister and her brother!
In fact, Chen Ping did this to scare Missy and her brother, so that the two would leave and not be following him!
After all, Chen Ping himself did not know when he would leave Beast City, while Missy and her brother would still have to live in Beast City!
If they followed the Qiu family to feud, Chen Ping could just walk away, while their siblings were afraid that they would have to die for sure!
“Brother, let’s go ……”
The youngest sister pulled her brother!
After all, they followed Chen Ping was just a passing acquaintance, and did not have any deep friendship!
The youngest sister also did not follow Chen Ping to sleep, no relationship at all, so follow Chen Ping is not called a thing!
“Sister, since my brother-in-law is in big trouble, we siblings can’t just sit back and do nothing.”
“In that case, the two of us would be too inhuman, how can I say that the two of you have already slept together, you have long been his person.”
“If that Qiu family really looks for trouble with my brother-in-law, I will never stand by and watch, that Qiu family walks out of the Beast City, and really goes to the outskirts, there is nothing to be afraid of, at that time, as long as we don’t go into the city, they won’t think of finding us!”
The youngest sister’s brother said in a righteous manner!
Seeing her brother like this, Missy looked surprised and looked at her brother incredulously!
She suddenly felt as if her brother had changed somewhat,!
Where did the youngest sister know that her brother was willing to follow Chen Ping at this moment, solely because of Chen Ping’s strength, and that Chen Ping also knew about the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein!
“Brother, the two of us ……”
The youngest sister wanted to explain that she did not follow Chen Ping to sleep at all!
“Sister, don’t you say it, this life of mine was saved by my brother-in-law, can you stand by and watch my brother-in-law in danger and leave alone?”
“In that case, are we still human?”
The youngest sister’s brother directly put the youngest sister to say not in the opening!
If the youngest sister in the opening, then it is not a person, there is not a trace of conscience!
Chen Ping saw the situation, also knew that to let the two people do not follow themselves, more difficult than heaven, so helplessly said, “Well, you two follow me, but do not leave me too far, otherwise there is a danger, I can not help!”
“Brother-in-law don’t worry, I’m very familiar with this area, even if someone tries to hunt you down, I’ll be able to take you into hiding.”
Brother Missy patted Chen Ping’s shoulder, reassuring him!
Chen Ping smiled helplessly and could only lead the two towards the south of the city!
After travelling a hundred miles, he did see a large towering tree, this should be the place that Xiong Cuo had spoken of!