Chen Ping wanted to stop someone to ask what this place was all about, but Chen Ping was like a transparent person and no one noticed him.
Chen Ping had no choice but to walk towards the palace, he wanted to see what this was all about.
But before he could reach the palace, Chen Ping was blocked by a city gate, only to see that the plaque on the gate read the three words of the City of Ultimate Bliss.
There were also two soldiers in armour manning the gate, each holding a weapon, and Chen Ping could tell at a glance that the weapons in the hands of the two guards were actually spirit soldiers!
This shocked Chen Ping’s mouth open, the two guards at the gate were holding spirit soldiers, this was incredible!
Chen Ping was Avray shocked, gazing up at the three words of Extreme Bliss City, as people kept pa*sing by him, each with a happy smile on their faces.
It could be seen that the people here were living a very happy life.
When Chen Ping walked into the city gates, there was a peaceful scene inside, with vendors doing business along the streets and ancient buildings everywhere.
This made Chen Ping suspect for a moment that this was not the base of some film city, was it?
But judging from the aura emanating from everyone, even the ordinary people here were surprisingly all immortal cultivators, each carrying spiritual energy!
“Could it be that thousands of years ago, immortal cultivators were common?”
Chen Ping was amazed!
Slowly crossing the street, Chen Ping then actually arrived at the palace gate, while the guards at the palace gate were all in golden armour, with an aura that was not angry and powerful.
The aura emanating from them was no less than that of the current Chen Ping, all of them were Martial Marquis realm experts, and the weapons held by these guards were weapons that even Chen Ping had never seen before.
At this moment, Chen Ping was greatly shocked in his heart, he did not understand if he was dreaming or if he could really see the scene thousands of years ago!
If thousands of years ago, there was such a huge crowd of immortal cultivators, and even the guards guarding the palace gates were YuanYing cultivators, then there would not be few cultivators in the Transformation, Origination, and Demiurge realms, and even some real people in the Transmigration and Dhyana stages would be very common.
But if this is the case, how did the immortal cultivators end up in such a desperate state?
Was it only due to the depletion of spiritual energy on Earth, which made many people start cultivating martial arts, that the immortal cultivators fell into disrepair?
Chen Ping did not know why, he always felt that there was some great secret hidden in this!
But with Chen Ping’s current strength, what he was thinking about was just nonsense, although he was a cultivator himself, he knew too little and too little about the history of cultivators ……
Maybe today is a good opportunity, dream or not, Chen Ping decided to go inside the palace to find out what was going on ……
Through the palace gates, Chen Ping walked straight towards the largest palace, there were also many people walking around within the palace, Chen Ping himself felt like he had traveled to an ancient palace!
When Chen Ping walked into the palace hall, he found that the thousands of square metres of palace hall had already been filled with warriors wearing golden armour, and these people were lined up on both sides, each with a grave expression!
At the front of the throne, there was a middle-aged man wearing a crown, whose face was so gloomy that water was dripping out of it.
Chen Ping could tell at a glance that this throne was the one he had just seen, and that this palace was the one he was in.
“Could it be that the palace he was in had existed for thousands of years?”
Chen Ping was filled with amazement.
But when Chen Ping took his eyes off the middle-aged man on that throne, he was instantly shocked because he found that beside the middle-aged man, there stood a girl in white armour!
A white armour was worn on the girl, looking very heroic and elegant, but when Chen Ping saw the girl’s appearance, his entire body trembled slightly.