And there were quite a few buildings inside that valley, with all sorts of demonic beasts in peace!
Who would have thought that such a beautiful place, in going deeper, would be a valley of the dead, a dead silence!
“This Spirit Beast Valley is not bad, I didn’t expect that rough fellow, the Lion King, to be able to manage such a good place!”
When the Fire Phoenix saw the Spirit Beast Valley, she couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration!
“It’s precisely because this Lion King is rough-tempered that he was able to manage this area of the Beast Clan well.”
Bai Shallow said with a smile!
Chen Ping heard Bai Shallow’s words and knew the meaning of her words!
Every tribe was dark and turbulent, as the saying goes, mercy is not in the hands of soldiers, righteousness is not in the hands of money, figures like Bai Shallow and their three kings and four kings had to have their own set of management methods!
“Who are you people?”
Just as Chen Ping and the others were slowly falling, a few figures suddenly appeared, questioning with serious faces!
“Who is managing this Spirit Beast Valley of yours now? Is that old brat, the Lion King, around?”
Fire Phoenix asked to the several hostages!
At this moment, the Fire Phoenix, a body owner’s aura, after all, the Lion King had to nod his head when he saw the Fire Phoenix, and in the past, they were all people who were bullied by the Fire Phoenix!
Now that the Lion King had these tiny underlings, Fire Phoenix naturally had an air of superiority!
Only, Fire Phoenix was now in the Harmonisation realm, and these Spirit Beast Valley guards didn’t know Fire Phoenix!
A few people saw that Fire Phoenix’s tiny Harmonisation Realm, and that he called their Lion King an old boy with his mouth open and shut, they were instantly displeased!
“Where did the hairy girl come from, dare to call our Lion King Lord like this, this is looking for death ……”
Saying that, a few people were actually about to make a move on Fire Phoenix!
This could have pissed off the fire phoenix!
White shallow on the side of the situation, immediately frowned and said “stop, you several do not know the death of the guy ……”
Bai Shao’s breath of the seventh level of the tribulation was slightly revealed, directly making these several guards pale and kneel on one knee to the ground!
The eyes of the several guards were filled with panic, somewhat at a loss for words!
“I am the Fox Royal Daughter, is your Lion King around? Who is managing the Spirit Beast Valley now, tell him to roll out ……”
Bai Shao said coldly!
“Lord Fox Emperor, I’m sorry, it’s all our fault for having eyes that don’t recognise Tai Tai ……”
“Our Lord Lion King isn’t here, it’s Elder Zong who’s managing the Spirit Beast Valley right now, we’ll go and inform …… right away”
A few guards were scared half to death, after all, Bai Qian is a figure of three kings and four kings, following their Lion King is the same, these few tiny guards can’t afford to mess with them!
The few guards hurriedly went to inform, after waiting for a few moments, a few figures came quickly and soon arrived in front of Chen Ping and the others!
“Lord Fox Emperor, I didn’t know that you had come to visit, I’m sorry for the delay, I’m really sorry ah ……”
An old man at the head of the group said to Bai Shao with a face full of respect!
Those people behind the old man also scrambled to give Bai Shallow a salute, although Bai Shallow was not their direct leader, but Bai Shallow’s position in the Beast Clan also made these people not dare to have the slightest bit of negligence!
“You are Elder Zong, now you manage this Spirit Beast Valley?”
Bai Shao asked!
“Exactly, I don’t know what Lord Fox Emperor commands?”
Elder Zong asked!
“It’s not a big deal, since that Lion King isn’t here, I’ll tell you, I need one of your Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts right now, go get me one!”
Bai Shallow said bluntly!
Hearing Bai Shao’s words, that Zong Elder’s face obviously changed, looking very embarrassed!
“What? You guys don’t even want to give you a Spirit Rhinoceros Beast? I don’t even have this much face?”
Bai Shao got a little angry!
Seeing Bai Shao angry, Zong Elder panicked and explained “Lord Fox Emperor, don’t misunderstand, it’s not that we’re not willing to give, but we also have a difficult to say, and the Lion King is not here, I have no way to make a decision ah ……”