“President Chen, just now in the stormy waters, I was afraid that there was danger, that’s why I didn’t allow you to go to the deck.”
Elder Liu explained!
“But now that we’ve left the stormy sea, there’s no danger, why aren’t we allowed to go up?”
Chen Wenliang questioned!
“This …… isn’t the corpse of a demonic beast that was just salvaged and is being slaughtered on the deck, the blood is heavier and I’m afraid that it will affect you guys.”
Elder Liu hurriedly made up a new reason!
“Although we are pharmacists, we are not weaklings, how can we be afraid of slaughtering demonic beasts?”
“Right now, we just want to go up and get some air, just say yes or no!”
Chen Wenliang’s face was ugly and his tone was very grim as he said!
“Of course I’ll let you, how could I possibly restrict your freedom, feel free to go up!”
Elder Liu hurriedly squeezed out a smile and told the two cultivators to get out of the way!
Chen Ping and the others went up to the deck and saw that the spirit boat was travelling fast, the stormy seas had been left far behind.
Several demonic beast corpses were being placed on the deck, being chopped into pieces by several cultivators with the spirit blades in their hands!
However, these cultivators didn’t seem to be attentive, and were casually swinging and chopping!
They did not even bother to take out the beast dan from the demonic beast’s head!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping concluded even more that these people were by no means fishing for demonic beast corpses, they should be running towards them!
Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi could also see that these people didn’t seem to care about the demonic beast corpses!
It was probably just for show to show them!
“Boss Liu, how did you salvage just a few demonic beast corpses? You know that there are hundreds of demonic beast corpses in that stormy sea!”
Chen Wenliang asked to Elder Liu!
“Oh, this is not encountered you, so just casually salvaged some, anxious to send you to the island, this storm will be some days to stop, after a while and then old salvage is the same.”
Elder Liu hurriedly explained!
“That’s true, it’s true that demonic beast corpses can be salvaged after a while, but with this salvaged demonic beast corpse, shouldn’t the beast dan be taken out at the first time?”
“This demonic beast’s beast dan, but the most valuable place, and demonic beast beast beast dan is not taken out in time, in the body of the demonic beast for too long, is going to be contaminated and lose its value.”
“How come I see these few demonic beasts inner dan, it seems like it has not been taken out yet, could it be that you salvage demonic beast corpses, just to have the skin, and to eat the meat?”
Chen Ping asked to that Elder Liu!
Elder Liu was stunned, although he saw several cultivators splitting the demonic beast corpses with their spirit blades, the beast dan surprisingly had not been taken out yet!
“You guys, what kind of officers are you, don’t you know to take out the beast dan first? Simply rubbish!”
Elder Liu cursed, and only then did those few cultivators take out the beast pills in a panic!
“President Chen, Pill Master Zhong, I think we should look around, now that we have a spirit boat to land on, we can enjoy the vast ocean without any worries.”
“Maybe we can even run into demonic beasts and get some unexpected treasures!”
Chen Ping said to Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi!
He just wanted to take the two of them to leave the spirit boat for the time being!
Chen Ping could conclude that there was definitely something wrong with these people, but he couldn’t just make a move, not to mention the fact that the identities of these people were unknown!
As far as those pill masters were in the cabin, if the formation masters among these people directly laid down a spell formation and trapped the people inside, they would not be able to run out at all!
Right now, Chen Ping and the others could only pretend that they knew nothing about it, and then leave the spirit boat to discuss their countermeasures in the meantime!
Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi both understood what Chen Ping meant, so they nodded and said, “Yeah, go and try your luck ……”
“A few of you, in this sea, many of them are brutal thousand year old demonic beasts, very scary, I advise you to stay on the spirit boat.”
“Wait until you are on top of the island, if you want to catch demonic beasts, you can go around the island!”
Elder Liu stopped Chen Ping and the others, not wanting them to leave the spirit boat!