Seeing this, Chen Ping could only stop himself and a light blue flame instantly flared up in his palm as well, a divine dragon’s power was added and the flame rose up!
Chen Ping decided to fight fire with fire, Chen Ping’s palm gently pressed downwards, the light blue flame instantly burned on the ground, forming a wall of fire in front of Chen Ping’s body!
“I can’t believe you still know the art of imperial fire, only you’re too carved ……”
The man looked at the wall of fire in front of Chen Ping and couldn’t help but sneer out!
Hoo hoo …………
Soon, a ball of flames pierced through the wall of fire and hit Chen Ping’s body fiercely!
Flames instantly rose from Chen Ping’s body and his entire body fell to the ground!
Immediately afterwards the man’s body was seen to leap up, and flames began to burn in mid-air, as if the whole hall was burning with a roaring fire!
The flames pressed downwards, carrying a terrifying pressure that seemed to tear Chen Ping’s body apart!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as all the joints of his body cackled.
Chen Ping’s eyes all turned blood red and blood began to seep out from his mouth and nose! First published at https://m.lqzw.org
But just as the flame was about to fall on Chen Ping from mid-air, there was a sudden chill, and then a mist of water was seen to pounce on the flame, directly extinguishing it!
Chen Ping was astonished, not knowing who was helping him, and when he turned his head to look, he found that the one who had helped him was actually the woman who had just helped him.
“What are you doing?”
The man looked at the woman with a look of anger!
“You can’t kill him, I’ll …… do it.”
The woman walked towards Chen Ping with a cold face, looking like she was still holding a grudge for the punch she had just thrown!
The man looked at the woman with that expression and didn’t say anything else, but took a few steps backwards!
The woman looked at Chen Ping and the icy coldness from her body wrapped Chen Ping right up!
Chen Ping’s body was rapidly condensing ice blue crystals, a pillar of ice suddenly emerged from the ground, like a cage trapping Chen Ping to the ground!
Chen Ping tried to break free, but his body was so stiff that he couldn’t move at all!
“I could have given you a chance, but you ruined it with your own hands, so now you have no choice but to die ……”
After the woman finished speaking, a sharp ice pick suddenly appeared above her palm and aimed directly at Chen Ping’s head!
The divine Dragon Force within Chen Ping’s body was surging, and the spiritual energy within his dantian was also surging outwards at a rapid pace!
He had to break through the layer of crystals on his body before he could do so, otherwise he would truly be dead for sure!
Just as the woman was about to strike at Chen Ping, Hu Ma Zi, who was originally lying on the ground, suddenly flew up and grabbed the woman’s snow-white thighs with one hand ……
“Chen Ping, run quickly ……”
Hu Ma Zi yelled at Chen Ping!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping shouted angrily, the crystals on his body shattered at the sound, followed by Chen Ping’s body leaping up and turning his head towards the forbidden land and running!
He knew that he would never be a match for these two even if the fight went on!
The woman froze, then tried to chase after Chen Ping, but found that Hu Ma Zi was hugging his leg, and disgustingly rubbing his face against his leg over and over again!
“Let go, let go of me ……”
The woman kicked Hu Ma Zi as hard as she could, but Hu Ma Zi just wouldn’t let go.
And at this moment, when the man saw Chen Ping fleeing, his body leapt up, his fists were wrapped in flames above, and then he smashed his fist at Chen Ping.
This punch was extremely powerful and carried a wave of heat!
Chen Ping didn’t dare to stop, the Dragon Chopping Sword instantly appeared in his hand, and turned back with a chop!
Clang ……
There was a loud sound, and a terrifying force came from the Chopping Dragon Sword, almost causing the Chopping Dragon Sword in Chen Ping’s hand to fly off!
With this force, Chen Ping’s body directly rushed forward a long way!
“D*mn, this power is too terrifying ……”
Chen Ping didn’t dare to stop in the slightest and continued to run forward!
The man was once again coming after Chen Ping!