“Since you are impatient, let you die first ……”
Chen Ping looked at the impatient demonic cultivator and said!
“Damn, you also days too able to blow, I now …………”
That impatient demonic cultivator didn’t believe that Chen Ping could kill himself at all, but before he finished his words, he suddenly stopped!
Immediately after that, a pained and hideous expression appeared on his face, and his hands clasped his head in death!
“Ah …………”
“My head hurts, it’s as if my divine sense is being devoured ……”
The impatient devil cultivator screamed miserably before collapsing to the ground!
At this, the other four devil cultivators were startled and looked at the fallen devil cultivator incredulously!
Soon, that demonic cultivator’s struggles became slower and slower, and his eyes began to become hollow, finally turning into a walking corpse!
The divine sense in the sea of consciousness had all been devoured by the Golden Silkworm Compass Poison.
“This …… this …………”
Several demonic cultivators were stunned, incredulously looking at Chen Ping as they retreated in droves!
They did not understand how on earth Chen Ping had done it, after all, they had surrounded Chen Ping and had never seen him do it!
“Kid, you even poisoned, simply too abominable.”
Liu Xueyi looked at the demonic cultivator in the end, knowing that Chen Ping must have wordlessly poisoned the one who affected his divine sense, and without them realising it, he had poisoned the other party!
Upon hearing about the poisoning, the other three demonic cultivators’ faces changed and they once again took a few steps backward!
“This has nothing to do with me, I’ve given you everything, we don’t interfere with each other ……”
The demonic cultivator who had been injured by Chen Ping at the very beginning flinched and followed Chen Ping’s words as he turned around and ran away!
He followed Chen Ping without any grievances or hatred, so he had no need to fight for his life!
Seeing this, the other two demonic cultivators, after glancing at each other, also turned and ran after them!
This time, only Liu Xueyi himself was left!
Liu Xueyi was dumbfounded!
Originally, he was winning, but now they all ran away, leaving him on his own!
“Damn, a bunch of heartless and uncaring guys ……”
Liu Xueyi could only swear, but it was useless!
Chen Ping sneered as he looked at Liu Xueyi with a teasing look in his eyes!
Liu Xueyi was so depressed that he almost spat out blood, originally he thought that by contacting the Urgent Demon Cultivator, he would be able to put Chen Ping to death!
Now it had turned into this, if he knew, he would have obediently gone to find that Qi Peijia!
Entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, the two did not land in one place, Liu Xueyi was a bit impatient, so he contacted a few demonic cultivators along the way!
Now that one of them is fleeing for his life, who cares about him!
Looking at Chen Ping with that look in his eyes, Liu Xueyi could only grin and say “Chen Ping, you and I don’t have any deep hatred, there is no need to fight to the death.”
“Besides, our Blood Spirit Peak following the Blood Spirit Valley is a lineage, you can’t kill me even with your relationship with the Blood Spirit Valley!”
Liu Xueyi wimped out!
“It is true that the two of us do not have any deep hatred, and for you devil cultivators, I have no prejudice, only that I don’t kill you, but just now you wanted to kill me ah?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
These words made Liu Xueyi’s face turn red and he did not know how to retort!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took the Demon Drawing Whip and lashed it in the void, instantly resounding with a snapping sound!
This sound alone caused Liu Xueyi’s mind to become confused!
Liu Xueyi knew that Chen Ping was determined to kill himself, so he turned around and ran, no longer admitting to begging for mercy!
Seeing this, Chen Ping threw out the Demon Whip in his hand!
Snapping!
The whip shadow of the Demon Drawing Whip was heavy, and gave a few strikes on that Liu Xueyi’s back, which caused that Liu Xueyi to spit out blood from his mouth and stagger forward!
“Damn, a small Transition Realm 1st Grade, constantly strong, even has a divine weapon in his hand, damn it.”
Liu Xueyi cursed angrily and ran desperately!
However, Chen Ping was in hot pursuit behind him, which made Liu Xueyi’s heart burn with anxiety!