Just as Chen Ping’s hand touched the stream, a cloud of turbidity instantly entered Chen Ping’s body from his hand!
As soon as the turbidity entered Chen Ping’s body, it began to corrode Chen Ping’s internal organs!
However, Chen Ping’s body was protected by the power of the divine dragon, so he was already invulnerable to all kinds of poisons, so the turbidity was quickly refined away by Chen Ping’s Heart Concentration Technique!
Chen Ping slowly stood up and looked at Old Liu with his eyes slightly fixed.
Liu Rui hastily asked, “Mr. Chen, how is it? Is the water in this stream the same as the water in the Regeneration Spring?”
Chen Ping didn’t answer Liu Rui, instead, his fingers moved and a red light struck into Liu Rui’s mind!
Next, Chen Ping recited the Clear Heart Mantra, and a wave of coolness instantly spread throughout Chen Ping’s and Liu Rui’s bodies!
When Liu Rui opened her eyes and looked closely, she found that there was nothing around them, they were still in the forest, but now there was an old man with a grim face in front of them!
“What the …… hell is going on here?”
Liu Rui’s face was full of astonishment, and her eyes were filled with disbelief!
“We both walked into an illusion, what we just saw was all fake.”
Chen Ping explained to Liu Rui.
“Good boy, you are really good, you have broken my illusion, you are the first one who has broken my illusion in such a short time!”
With a wave of his hand, the token that had been stuck on the ground returned to Old Liu’s hand, and a black mist began to rise around him!
At this moment, Old Liu’s face was fierce and his body was full of murderous aura.
“People from the Burning Heaven Sect, I didn’t expect to kill two black and white guys just now, and now there is another one!”
Chen Ping felt the aura on Old Liu’s body and immediately guessed his opponent’s identity!
Old Liu was stunned and did not dare to understand, “What did you say? Did you kill the Black and White Imperator?”
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
“Impossible, you are only a small martial arts saint, how could you have killed the Black and White Imperator.”
“Besides, this little girl is only a second-ranked Martial God, so the two of you together are no match for the Black and White Imperator.”
“Since you know that Black and White is dead, then you must know who the real killer is, you don’t have the power to kill the two brothers!”
Old Liu simply did not believe that Black and White Impermanence was killed by Chen Ping.
If he said that it was Tong You Gong of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, he could still believe it, but if he said that Chen Ping, a martial arts saint, had killed the two Black and White Imperators, Old Liu would not believe it!
“Since you don’t believe me, there is nothing I can do, but in the end, you will definitely believe that I am telling the truth.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and said.
“No matter if you killed the Black and White Imperator or not, now that you have entered this place, you must die, because only we of the Burning Heaven Sect are entitled to the relics here!”
With that, Old Liu’s fog rolled over his body and his murderous aura was soaring!
“Miss Liu, please step back ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with a cold, murderous aura!
“I’ll kill you first to see what you’re capable of, and what you can do to kill the Black and White Imperator!”
After that, Old Liu leapt up and began to gather a large amount of black mist in mid-air, followed by a direct slap of the token in his hand!
A large character of death appeared in the air, the top of the character was burning with flames, and the black fog around it was extremely poisonous!
The word “Death” was filled with poison, and it pressed down on Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly put the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
Although this old man was not very powerful, he was a master of magic, and Chen Ping almost fell into the illusion just now.
So Chen Ping took out his Dragon Cutting Sword as soon as he could, and then a sword breath slashed through him!
The sword Qi instantly chopped on the big character of death, and instantly split the character of death from the middle. -The word “Death” disappeared.