“Did you hear that?” the Yin Demon asked coldly!
“I heard, I heard…” Ming Tian nodded repeatedly, then turned to look at his son!
“Father… Father, what… what are you going to do?”
Ming Shao stammered, so terrified he could barely speak!
“Son, don’t blame me. In your next life, don’t go showing off!”
“Show-offs get struck by lightning and meet bad ends…”
“Remember that!”
With that, Ming Tian struck down with a single palm, and Ming Shao instantly turned to ash, not even leaving a corpse behind!
Chen Ping watched this scene, clicking his tongue in amazement. This Ming Tian was ruthless!
He didn’t even leave his son’s body intact!
“Get lost, and in the future, remember me, behave yourself!”
Chen Ping waved a hand dismissively!
Ming Tian didn’t dare move, sneaking a glance at the Yin Demon!
“Scram already, didn’t you hear my little brother?”
The Yin Demon barked sharply!
“I heard, I heard…” Ming Tian nodded frantically, then vanished in an instant!
“Little brother, what are you doing in this place?”
After Ming Tian left, the Yin Demon asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping pointed to the distant Ladder to Heaven, “I’m climbing the Ladder to Heaven. If I can pass its nine levels, I’ll ascend to the Celestial Realm!”
The Yin Demon glanced at the Ladder to Heaven, “Need me to check it out for you, see which idiot set up this thing to toy with the ants of the Celestial Realm?”
“No need, I think the Ladder to Heaven is pretty good. Even if I can’t cultivate to ascension, I can still reach the Celestial Realm through it!”
Chen Ping shook his head!
“Alright then, if you want to toughen yourself up, go ahead and do it!” the Yin Demon said!
“Senior, where are you headed?” Chen Ping asked!
“I need to prepare. The Heaven and Earth Array is about to break, and I’ll be returning to the Celestial Realm!” With that, the Yin Demon’s figure vanished instantly!
Above the ninth level of the Ladder to Heaven, an old man and a young boy watched everything below!
Above the ninth level of the Ladder to Heaven, an old man and a young boy watched everything below!
“Master, someone called you an idiot. Should we deal with him?”
The boy asked!
“Shut your mouth!” The old man glared at him, then continued, “Listen to me, go easy on that Chen Ping. This guy’s not someone we can mess with…”
The boy: “…”
…
Ladder to Heaven, Third Level!
After a few days of recovery, Chen Ping brought Li Chunfeng into the third level of the Ladder to Heaven. Nan Batian, with his shattered arm needing reconstruction, didn’t come along!
“Mr. Chen, you’ve only recovered for a few days, rushing into the third level like this might be dangerous.”
Li Chunfeng advised Chen Ping!
“It’s fine. If we can subdue the guardian of the third level, we’ll have another ally.”
Chen Ping’s goal was to recruit the guardians within the Ladder to Heaven!
The more guardians he could win over, the better his chances of rescuing the Refining Sect’s leader!
Just as Chen Ping and Li Chunfeng stepped into the third level!
A grand, imposing palace appeared before them, towering over a hundred metres high, with a stone staircase leading straight to its entrance!
The area around the palace was completely empty. This third-level world seemed like a desolate wasteland, with only this palace existing!
“What’s going on here? Could the third level’s guardian really be inside this palace?”
“This is too easy to find. What happened to each level being its own world?”
Chen Ping stared at the palace in front of him, utterly baffled!
“I don’t know what’s happening either…” Li Chunfeng was equally confused!
After all, he’d never been to the third level and had no connection to it!
“Mr. Chen, regardless, I think you should still be cautious!”
Li Chunfeng warned!
Chen Ping nodded. He naturally didn’t dare underestimate anything. After all, the first level’s Nan Batian and the second level’s Li Chunfeng were both incredibly powerful!
The guardian of this third level surely wouldn’t be weak either. Chen Ping didn’t know why, but it felt like every guardian in this Ladder to Heaven was specifically targeting him!
People like Yun Li could reach the fourth level, yet Chen Ping had to expend monumental effort just to get to this third one!