As long as a way was found to make Su Tianshuo reveal the plot himself, I believed that the many pharmacists would not let Su Tianshuo off the hook!
“What? That Su Tianshuo wants to target the entire Celestial Realm’s pharmacists, not just you?”
Ruyan Liu was shocked, not expecting this Su Tianshuo to have such a big conspiracy!
“Mr Chen, then we’d better hurry up and leave, we need to inform the others as soon as possible, if we let that Su Tianshuo have his way, the entire Apothecary Realm would be a disaster!”
Nie Heng anxiously urged!
“Good, let’s go!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he casually waved his hand, and a to fire blazed up!
Soon, the dead corpses on the ground, as well as the Diao Family Apothecaries who hadn’t died through, were all burnt to ashes by the fire!
Looking at the blazing fire in front of him, Nie Lei’s forehead was filled with cold sweat, fortunately Chen Ping let them off the hook!
Otherwise, they were afraid that their siblings would have become part of this blazing fire and would have become ashes as well!
Chen Ping’s might was simply not something they could shake!
They were so naive as to want to follow Su Tianshuo and collaborate to divide the 100 years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
If they really killed Chen Ping, they were afraid that their siblings would not be able to get the hundred year offerings of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Without absolute strength, the best means to save one’s life was to keep a low profile!
Chen Ping and the others travelled at a fast pace, and since they had the elixir in place, they didn’t have to worry about being poisoned!
The mist flew backward in front of their eyes!
After an unknown amount of time, Chen Ping and the others finally stepped out of the area of the mist!
And at this moment, Su Tianshuo and the others who were still in the mist were anxiously waiting for Diao Changmin!
“President Su, it is better for us to leave this place first and look for that Diao Family Head!”
“Although the mist here isn’t very poisonous, staying for a long time is harmful to the body.”
“There’s no way our antidote pills can undo this toxin!”
Bao Longxing said to Su Tianshuo!
Su Tianshuo frowned, his face became very ugly, “Damn, this Diao Changmin, took all the family members away, what the hell does he want?”
“In the end when he took people away, did he say what he was going to do?”
“No, but it seems like he left in a hurry, but I heard from others that that Diao Changmin should have left in a hurry with people after getting a report from the siblings.”
“Could this fellow have taken his clan to capture that Chen Ping?”
Bao Longxing said!
When Su Tianshuo heard this, his eyes slightly condensed and his face was terribly grim!
“This Diao Changmin, I know what he did to go, he definitely went to catch that Chen Ping, this guy wants to have it all to himself, he was thinking about the medicine tripod on that Chen Ping all the way.”
“If he dares to eat alone, let me catch him, I have to get him killed ……”
Su Tianshuo gritted his teeth, not to mention how angry he was!
Now that the plan hadn’t even been implemented yet, and this kind of thing appeared inside his own team, how could he not let him be angry!
“President Su, why don’t you contact the Nie Lei siblings and ask what the situation is?”
Bao Longxing said!
“No, if we contact them rashly, it would be troublesome for that Chen Ping to notice.”
“After some time, the siblings will take the initiative to contact again, we will know what the situation is then, let’s go now, we won’t wait!”
Su Tianshuo did not intend to wait for that Diao Changmin!
With so many people, waiting in the poisonous mist, it would be troublesome if they were poisoned too deeply!
Bao Longxing nodded, then greeted the crowd and started to move on!
None of them knew that at this time, Diao Changmin and his clan had long since been killed by Chen Ping and gone up in smoke!
After Su Tianshuo and the others had penetrated the mist, they all stopped and rested with a big breath!
With the antidote pills, they couldn’t get rid of the toxins in their bodies, so now they could only stop and rely on their spiritual energy to slowly force the toxins out!
In this way, it was going to lag behind a lot of people, but there was nothing that could be done about it!