After arriving at the Soul Demon Sect, Chen Ping introduced the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master followed by Patriarch Jiang!
After these few days of recuperation, Patriarch Jiang and those disciples of the Soul Demon Sect were no longer in any serious trouble, thanks to Chen Ping’s pills!
Chen Ping and the others didn’t stay too long in the Soul Demon Sect, instead, they had Patriarch Jiang lead them and began to search for the Blood and Bone Sect’s quarters!
After all, Patriarch Jiang was in the same sect as them, no matter if it was the aura on their body or some of their habits, Patriarch Jiang understood them all!
So to find the Blood and Bone Sect’s quarters was not a particularly difficult thing to do, it was just a matter of time!
While Chen Ping was leading the crowd to search for the Blood Bone Sect’s quarters, at this time within the Blood Bone Sect, Tan Rongkun had gathered all of the disciples!
Di Chongjing’s physical body had also been restored, and they were all seated within the main hall!
This time, Tan Rongkun hadn’t been able to bring back any cultivators, which caused the resources within the Blood and Bone Sect to begin to seriously fall short!
One must know that these people all relied on sucking human blood and gnawing on human bones to cultivate!
“Second Senior Brother, when you went this time, didn’t you want to bring back some cultivators? How come you came back alone?”
Di Chongjing asked!
“Ai, don’t mention it, that Mu Qing was killed by a sword in the ring, how can I still follow the Mu family and open my mouth to ask for cultivators ah.”
“It seems like we can only rely on ourselves in the future, but when Eldest Brother breaks through, it will be easy for us in the future!”
Tan Rongkun said!
“What? Being slashed in seconds? What exactly is the strength of the one following Mu Qing’s match? How could it be possible to second a Mahayana realm first grade cultivator?”
Di Chongjing’s face was filled with disbelief!
“Seventh grade of the Ferrying Realm, that’s the Chen Ping that the Demon Sealing Alliance is chasing after, this guy is really strange, he’s clearly at the seventh grade of the Ferrying Realm, but his burst of strength is frighteningly high!”
“Not only is this guy’s strength high, but he has also condensed a dharma body, that’s a native dharma body, it’s really strange!”
Tan Rongkun still had palpitations of disbelief when he remembered Chen Ping’s fight following Mu Qing!
“Seventh level of the Transition Realm? A sword second Mu Qing?”
Di Chongjing frowned, he also thought of Chen Ping who fought with him when he was in the Soul Demon Sect!
Only he hadn’t seen Chen Ping and didn’t recognise him, and didn’t know Chen Ping’s identity!
But all of them were at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, and in the entire Celestial Realm, I’m afraid that there wouldn’t be a few people at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm who would be able to decapitate a first rank of the Mahayana Realm!
“Second senior brother, tell me what that Chen Ping looks like, it can’t be the young man I met in the Soul Demon Sect, right?”
“He was also at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, yet I was no match at all, and in the end, even my physical body was destroyed.”
Di Chongjing asked!
Seeing this, Tan Rongkun hurriedly gave a detailed account of Chen Ping’s appearance, and once Di Chongjing heard this, he immediately widened his eyes and said, “Not bad, it’s him, so this guy is Chen Ping, I was defeated by this guy.”
“No wonder he could defeat that Mu Qing in a second with a single sword, emotionally he has quite a few secrets on him.”
Di Chongjing frowned, her eyes filled with anger!
“Damn, in situ it’s this kid who has spoiled things, when we have the chance to run into him, we must kill him.”
“Right now, we need to cultivate as soon as possible to improve our strength, there is also the fact that the cultivation resources provided to Eldest Brother must not be cut off at this time.”
After Tan Rongkun finished speaking, he turned his head to look at the Blood and Bone Sect disciples on the side and said, “How many other cultivators do we have locked up right now, is it enough for Eldest Senior Brother to cultivate?”
“Back to Second Senior Uncle’s words, we only have a dozen or so cultivators left now, and many of them are at the Harmonisation realm, there are only a few Transition realm cultivators, and they are all of the second or third grade, their strengths are all too low, so I’m afraid we won’t be able to support them for long.”
That disciple said truthfully!
Upon hearing this, Tan Rongkun frowned and said, “Go take me to see ……”
Soon, Tan Rongkun’s crowd walked towards the back of the Blood and Bone Sect’s main hall!