Kid, sooner or later, I’ll let you know how powerful I am!”
“And Qian Xiu, it won’t be long before I’ll make you take the initiative to climb into my bed and wail ……”
Huo Dong sneered, then left with a wave of his hand!
Qian Xiu’s face was red with anger, but she was helpless!
Elder Hu was locked up, she had no backer at all anymore, if that Huo Dong came hard, she didn’t even know what to do!
“Senior sister, don’t worry, as long as I am in the Purple Flame Sect for a day, I won’t let you Huo Dong touch you.”
Chen Ping saw Qian Xiu’s helpless look, so he comforted!
“Thank you Junior Brother!”Qian Xiu said gratefully!
Chen Ping and the others entered the mansion and then closed the gates to prevent that Huo Dong from bringing people in to cause trouble!
And at this moment, in the Purple Flame Sect’s council chamber, all the elders had arrived!
Even the Referee Elders, and that Elder Cui were all one and the same!
Elder Yu saw that all the elders had been summoned and he had already guessed the reason!
Huo Yuan Ting, on the other hand, swept a glance at the crowd and then slowly said, “Everyone, you are all elders of the Purple Flame Sect and are considered the mainstay of the Purple Flame Sect.”
“Nowadays, the old Sect Master’s condition is getting worse and worse, he is crazy and often injures people for no reason, so I can’t see any possibility of recovery at all.”
“I’ve been acting as the Sect Master for a while now, and now that the old Sect Master is insane, he can’t open the Divine Volcano, so I’d like to have all the Elders raise their hands to decide that we need to open the Divine Volcano and get the Divine Flame Seal.”
“Only by obtaining the Divine Flame Seal will it be more beneficial to the development and unity of our Purple Flame Sect!”
Huo Yuan Ting boasted a great speech, and the elders of his lineage, one after another, expressed their agreement, but the elders of the old Sect Master’s lineage didn’t say a word, and they all looked at Elder Yu!
“I don’t agree, the divine volcano can’t be opened, the divine fire seal can’t even be taken out now, although the old sect master is insane, he is still alive after all.”
“To open the divine volcano now and take out the divine fire seal would be disrespectful to the old Sect Master, in order to open the divine volcano, the old Sect Master’s nod is required.”
Elder Yu directly refused, there was no way he would let Huo Yuan Ting get the Divine Flame Seal!
If Huo Yuan Ting got the Divine Flame Seal, then they would no longer have the strength to follow Huo Yuan Ting and fight against him, then Huo Yuan Ting would become a veritable Sect Master!
At that time, their old Sect Master’s lineage will definitely suffer a purge, and the Purple Flame Sect’s disciples will die or be injured in countless ways!
Seeing Elder Yu’s refusal, Huo Yuan Ting wasn’t angry, after all, he had known this would be the outcome!
“Elder Yu, I can understand your feelings, but you also have to consider the development of the Violet Flame Sect.”
“There’s also Elder Hu, if we open the Divine Volcano and get the Divine Flame Seal, when the time comes for the Purple Flame Sect to congratulate the same, Elder Hu will be able to be amnestied out and won’t have to be locked up for thirty years.”
“I know you’re on good terms with Elder Hu, do you guys really want to see them imprisoned for thirty years?”
Huo Yuan Ting asked!
Elder Yu froze, then frowned slightly and said, “Sect Master Huo, are you threatening us?”
“No, no, no, I’m not threatening, I’m just reminding, you all know that Elder Hu’s health isn’t good, if this dies without being locked up for thirty years, how can you bear it in your hearts?”
Huo Yuanting continued to use Elder Hu to blackmail him!
When Elder Yu heard this, he hesitated a little, and the other elders from the Old Sect Master’s lineage were all silent!
This was indeed an almost to save Elder Hu, if he gave up, Elder Hu would really be imprisoned for thirty years!
But if one agrees to Huo Yuan Ting and opens the Divine Volcano, then Huo Yuan Ting will most likely get the Divine Flame Seal, and once the Divine Flame Seal recognises its owner, then Huo Yuan Ting’s position as Sect Master will be secure!
Just as Elder Yu and the others hesitated, a sudden gust of wind crumpled up, followed by a chilling aura!