This is the highest place and the most luxurious palace in the entire Western capital.
The reason is that here resides the highest spiritual leader of the entire island nation, the island nation’s earth emperor Yuasa.
At this moment, Yuasa was in front of the window of the living room, admiring the bright moon in the sky!
In the last few days, the affairs of the island’s martial arts world had caused him some anxiety!
Suddenly, Yuasa noticed what looked like a man standing on top of the roof of the palace!
Somewhat in disbelief, he took off his gla*ses and wiped them off, then continued to put them on and looked closer!
This time, however, he did not see any figure!
Yuasa let out a long breath, knowing that this was the most heavily secured place, how could there be anyone standing on the roof.
It must be his own lack of rest over the past few days and his eyes were blurry ……
He was going to go back to his room and go to bed, he had to rest early, he was hallucinating after all this time!
But just as Yuasa turned around, his whole body froze, standing frozen on the spot!
For he saw in his living room a young man sitting on the sofa, sipping his wine!
“What are you?”
Yuasa asked with a horrified look on his face.
He knew that no outsider was ever allowed to enter his place without his permission, not to mention the fact that it was still night time and no one could possibly enter!
But now, there was someone sitting right in front of him openly!
“My name is Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping gently shook the gla*s of wine in his hand, then took a sip: “Nice wine ……”
When Yuasa heard the word Chen Ping, his body visibly shook slightly!
Because he knew that the person who had recently turned the entire island martial arts world upside down was called Chen Ping.
“What do you …… you want to do here with me?”
Yuasa said as he moved closer towards the side, because there was an alarm there!
“It’s useless for you to ring the alarm, it’s just going to get more of your guards killed.”
“I just came to talk to you, no offense, relax a little ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, then sat in an invitation gesture and said, “Please sit down ……”
If one didn’t know, one would think that Chen Ping was the owner of this place!
Yuasa looked at Chen Ping and finally withdrew his hand that was reaching for the alarm and carefully sat down opposite Chen Ping!
“What do you want to talk to me about?”
Yuasa asked in a small voice.
“I know your position and power in the island, I just want you to order now that all those obstinate guys in the island’s martial arts world should worship my idol, now that that Kuroki Kawasaki has been killed by me, can you find a second person in your island besides worshipping me?”
Chen Ping said coldly.
When Yuasa heard this, his brow furrowed slightly, “I will not get involved in the affairs of the martial arts world, what those martial arts people choose to do, that is their right ……”
“You mean, you won’t give orders?”
Chen Ping said with a slight gaze in his eyes.
“Right ……”
Yuasa nodded heavily, but at this moment, his heart was also trembling desperately!
“Since you don’t give orders, I wouldn’t mind making your island country a new earth emperor ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the aura on his body suddenly exploded out!
Immediately afterwards a living, breathing golden dragon manifested from behind Chen Ping, its mighty form continuously hovering in the air!
Even though Yuasa was an Earth Emperor, he was only an ordinary man, and he had never seen such a sight!
Looking at the golden dragon swimming in mid-air, Yu Zuo was dumbfounded, his body trembling continuously, his trousers almost P*ssing down!
Although he had always heard that at a certain level of cultivation in the martial arts world, one could condense Qi and transform into a god, he had never seen it before!
Now that he saw Chen Ping like this, his entire body froze!
“Since you don’t agree, then I’ll just kill everyone in the island’s martial arts world and I’ll be the island’s Earth Emperor myself ……”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body once again soared, and the golden dragon’s big copper bell-like eyes stared deadly at Yuasa!