Chen Wenliang made a move!
He struck out at Chen Ping, he could not stand by and watch Chen Ping destroy the thousands of years of transmission arrays!
Chen Ping didn’t destroy the transmission array, he destroyed their entire Ultimate Apothecary Society!
Whoosh!
Chen Wenliang’s speed was very fast, and he grabbed at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping felt a strong wind coming from his back, but did not turn back at all, but gently sidestepped and dodged!
Chen Wenliang was only at the peak of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping was not afraid!
After dodging, Chen Ping still tidied up the array pattern, the original somewhat blurred array pattern, under Chen Ping’s carving, slowly became clear!
However, no one knows if Chen Ping is correct in carving this formation!
If he messed up and made a mistake in the array, the transmission array would really be completely ruined!
Chen Wenliang was slightly stunned, he did not think that Chen Ping did not even look, just avoided his own attack, as if he had eyes in the back!
“Stop, I told you to stop ……”
Chen Wenliang once again slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!
This time, Chen Wenliang was no longer grabbing Chen Ping away, but rather, he had dealt a deadly blow!
Chen Ping casually raised his hand, and with a bang, he followed Chen Wenliang’s palms against each other!
Stomping ……
Chen Wenliang’s body instantly fell back three steps, and Chen Ping did not move at all!
At this moment, everyone was shocked!
Even Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng were staring at each other with wide eyes and unbelievable faces!
They didn’t know how perverted Chen Ping’s strength had become in this period of time!
All the Apothecaries were also filled with astonishment!
To know that array masters and pharmacists are almost the same, for the real realm of cultivation, the strength will not be too high!
But who would have thought that the peak of the apothecary realm of the pharmacist association president, but by Chen Ping easily knocked back with a slap!
Moreover, it seems that Chen Ping is very young, and his strength is only the sixth level of the Transition Realm!
How did he do it?
Chen Wenliang’s face became very ugly, and then angrily shouted, “Everyone, let’s move together, grab this kid, if we watch him destroy the array, we won’t be able to go to Yongle City anymore.”
When Chen Wenliang roared, the pharmacists were all eager to move!
After all, this transmission array concerned everyone’s interests, and no one wanted to see Chen Ping mess up the transmission array!
“Who dares to move ……”
Seeing this, Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng hurriedly jumped up and blocked in front of Chen Ping!
No matter what the reason was, if someone dared to target Chen Ping, of course Ruyan Liu would not sit back and watch!
She would always be on Chen Ping’s side, after all, she was already Chen Ping’s person!
Liu Ruyan, you, a Northern Region pharmacist, still want to meddle in the affairs of our Central Region? Get out of the way right now, if this kid breaks the transmission array, you are also the culprit.
Chen Wenliang roared angrily!
‘President Chen, I believe in Chen Ping, he decided that he won’t break the transmission array, his array technique is very powerful.’
Liu Ruyan hurriedly explained!
She wanted to buy time for Chen Ping, she knew that Chen Ping must be sure, he only did this!
In the powerful, still can lay this ancient transmission array? For thousands of years, no one dared to touch this transmission array, and now he even started to carve and draw randomly.
If there is a slight difference in one of the patterns of this transmission array, the whole array will be destroyed.
You should persuade him to stop right away, or else you will really incur the wrath of the public.
Li Qi said to Liu Ruyan!
As an array master enshrined in the Apothecary Society, he had only dared to maintain the transmission array for so many years, not daring to make the slightest change to the array!
Even if the transmission array’s pattern has become blurred after years of disrepair, Li Qi wouldn’t dare to do anything rash!
Listening to Li Qi’s words, Liu Ruyan turned her head towards Chen Ping and was about to open her mouth, but Chen Ping had already risen!
I’m going to say something, but Chen Ping has already risen!