“How could I possibly lie to Duke Ning, if Duke Ning went and found out that I had lied to you, you could have slapped me to death ……”
Zhong Bo hurriedly shook his head and said.
This time, Ning Zhi’s heart moved, one hour of cultivation inside the tower was equal to one day of cultivation outside, such a thing was unheard of, and Gu Kaiyuan had never told him about it.
In this way, it seemed that Gu Kaiyuan still had some reservations about him, and hadn’t told him all his secrets.
“Okay, I’ll trust you once ……”
Ning Zhi nodded, then led the men to follow Uncle Zhong and rush to the Gu Family Manor!
Soon, when a few people arrived, they were directly stunned by the sight before them.
They only saw that the thousands of acres of manor had long since become ruins, with not a single intact building to be seen, and there were ruins and deep pits everywhere.
And on the northernmost side of the manor, a tall tower towered, an ancient aura emanating from the pale tower.
“House Master …………”
Uncle Zhong looked at the pile of humanoid ashes on the ground and immediately perceived that it was Gu Kaiyuan!
After all, having followed Gu Kaiyuan for so many years, he would be able to recognize it even if it turned into ashes!
“Looks like we’re too late, that Chen Ping killed your family head and escaped ……”
Ning Zhi said, but his eyes kept sweeping over the Demon Subduing Tower.
At the first glance at the Devil Subduing Tower, Ning Zhi was drawn to the ancient aura that the Tower emanated!
“Sir Ning, you must take revenge for our family head ……”
Uncle Zhong was in tears, no one would have thought that he had not hesitated at all when he had just left Gu Kaiyuan to escape.
“Don’t worry, I have to see if what you say is true first.”
Ning Zhi said, walking straight into the Demon Subduing Tower.
Inside the tower, a dense aura was constantly invading Ning Zhi’s body, causing Ning Zhi’s blood to tumble and boil!
Unconsciously, Ning Zhi sat cross-legged, and the powerful Qi within his dantian began to soar!
It only felt like an hour had pa*sed before Ning Zhi felt his body filled with power!
“Hahahaha, it really is a treasure tower, this fellow Gu Kaiyuan, with such a good thing, he even hid it himself ……”
Ning Zhi stepped out from within the tower, only to find that it had long since gone dark.
Ning Zhi faintly stared, then looked at his men and said, “How long have I been in there?”
“Young master, you’ve been in there for a day!”
The subordinate said.
“A day?” Ning Zhi was shocked, he hadn’t expected this to be true.
No wonder his body was filled with power, it turned out that he had been cultivating for a day, not an hour, but he clearly felt that it had pa*sed very quickly and that his time inside the tower had been very short.
“Sir Ning, I am absolutely beautiful to lie to you, seeing as our family head is dead, this Demon Subduing Tower will not need to be activated, it has already started to activate on its own.”
Uncle Zhong said in a hurry.
“Hahahaha …… hahahaha …………”
Ning Zhi threw his head back and laughed madly, his eyes radiating frenzy!
“You’ve done well, since Gu Kaiyuan is dead, this place has become a masterless place, I’ll give you the investment, so you can build it up again, from now on this will be an affiliated family of my Ning Family ……”
Ning Zhi said to Uncle Zhong.
Upon hearing this, Uncle Zhong hurriedly knelt down and kowtowed repeatedly to thank him, “Old man is willing to go through fire and water for Duke Ning ……”
“You guys keep watch for me outside, I’m going to retreat, I believe it won’t take long for me to reach the peak of Martial Sect, or even reach the strength of half-step Martial Marquis, when I really break through the Martial Marquis realm, the entire young generation of Kyoto, only I can be the only one, Long Xiao is still a fart …… ”
Ning Zhi’s face was full of excitement and fierce, he was longing for the near future, he stood at the highest point of the young generation in Kyoto, enjoying the praise coming from all directions.
Soon, Ning Zhi began to close the door, an aura surrounded Ning Zhi, Ning Zhi’s forehead flashed a burst of red light …………