Only because their physical bodies were destroyed or their strength was damaged, there was no way for them to return to the Heavenly Realm, and they all stayed in the Celestial Realm or were sealed in the Secular Realm!
Then the Formation Demon that has appeared now, is it also a person from the Heavenly Realm?
The Formation Fiend followed the Divine Pattern Ancestor, so was the Divine Pattern Ancestor also from the Celestial Realm?
This confirmed what the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had said, that the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor should be someone from the Heavenly Realm!
“Senior Brother Bai, is Master Teacher a person of the Heaven Realm, he is not a cultivator of the Celestial Realm at all.”
Chen Ping asked to Bai Chicory!
Seeing that Chen Ping had already condensed his divine lines and was considered an official disciple, White Chicory did not intend to hide it and directly said, “Not bad, Master Zun is indeed a person of the Heavenly Realm, that Formation Demon is also a person of the Heavenly Realm, both were trapped in the Celestial Realm because of the Divine-Devil War.”
“Trapped in the Celestial Realm?”Chen Ping was a little confused at the moment, he did not understand what it meant to be trapped in the Celestial Realm!
Chen Ping did not know that there were quite a few people from the Heavenly Realm trapped in the Celestial Realm, and that the entire Celestial Realm had been laid with the Heaven and Earth Formation!
“I can’t say any of this, if Master wants to tell you, he will tell you.”
White Chicory shook his head and said!
“Senior Brother Bai, then can I leave now, I’ve been delayed here for several days and there are still things I haven’t done.”
Chen Ping was still thinking about Gu Tianzhao’s matter!
After dealing with Gu Tianzhao’s matter, he still had to go and find Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix and the girls, and then help Fire Phoenix destroy that Feng Family and take back Hu Huang City!
“Leave?”Bai Chicory froze, then laughed, “Senior brother, you’re overthinking it, I’m just saying that you can leave the thatched cottage after you condense your innate divine pattern, but if you want to leave this place, you’ll need to learn all of the divine patterns before you can do so.”
“You wouldn’t be naive enough to think that the divine lines are only the ones I gave you, would you? Those are for you to condense the divine patterns and become one with them.”
“There are many more divine patterns on this mountain, all inscribed in different locations by Master Teacher, you need to learn all of these Artistic Divine Patterns before you can ah.”
“Each divine pattern has its own mysteries, the more you learn, the more beneficial it will be to you.”
“sh*t ……,” Chen Ping burst out when he heard this!
Feeling that he could only leave that thatched hut by desperately carving Divine Patterns?
He still had to learn all the divine patterns, how long would it take?
“Senior Brother Bai, what if I don’t want to learn anymore?”Chen Ping asked!
“Then you won’t be able to leave here.”White Chicory said!
“I don’t believe that there is anyone else who can trap me and leave this place.”Chen Ping finished speaking and leapt and flew away!
If he wanted to trap him, he must be using formations or illusions or something like that, Chen Ping’s current strength, no matter if it was a formation or an illusion, it would be impossible to trap him!
Chen Ping possessed the Origin of Illusion, no illusionary techniques would have any effect on him!
White Chicory looked at Chen Ping, smiled and shook his head, and did not go after him!
As for Chen Ping, he utilised the Royal Fire Steps and his body kept jumping in space!
Although this divine pattern was very good, and it would definitely be beneficial for him to learn more, but Chen Ping didn’t have the time ah!
He couldn’t be stuck here, learning some divine pattern all the time!
Moreover, there was no such thing as taking on an apprentice, wasn’t that tantamount to coercion!
Chen Ping still had a lot of things left to do!
Whoosh!
Chen Ping’s figure disappeared once again before instantly appearing several miles away!
In this way Chen Ping had flown for half an hour, and according to his current speed, he would have already arrived at the Purple Flame Sect a thousand miles away!
However, when he looked down, he found that it was still a mountainous area with trees and rivers, and there was no desert area!
“Could it be that I’m flying in the wrong direction?”
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed!
However, when Chen Ping fell down towards and on the ground, wanting to see exactly where he had arrived, he suddenly found that White Chicory was looking up at him, with a few playful smiles on his face!