Kyoto Airport!
Gu Ling’er, Ji Ruxue and the others knew that Chen Ping was coming back today, so they all dressed up and went to the airport to greet Chen Ping!
A few girls were waiting outside the airport, attracting a lot of people’s attention!
Zhou Jie was among them, she had also dressed up to pick up Pocky Hu today!
Soon, the figures of Chen Ping and Pocky Hu appeared at the airport, and the two of them slowly walked out!
When they saw Chen Ping and the others get off the plane, the girls all swarmed around them!
But when they saw that Chen Ping was followed by a young, pretty girl, they all froze at once!
“I didn’t expect that you guys would come to pick me up ……”
Seeing Gu Ling’er and the girls, Chen Ping said with a slight smile.
None of the few girls paid any attention to Chen Ping, but instead stared at Yumiko behind Chen Ping.
“Oh, Yumiko, you can take a taxi to school by yourself, I won’t see you off ……”
Chen Ping saw that Gu Ling’er and the girls were always staring at Yumiko, so he said.
“Okay master, when there is time, can I go play with you?”
Yumiko said with a faint smile.
“Huh? That …… can be right ……”
Chen Ping looked at a loss for words when Yumiko asked him that!
“Goodbye master, goodbye Master Hu ……”
Yumiko waved her hand, then took a taxi and left!
After Yumiko left, Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan were staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
“Chen Ping, you are really getting more and more bullish, no wonder you went to the island, after going to the island, this maid is playing on ……”
Xiao Lan asked with an angry face.
“What are you talking nonsense about, misunderstanding, listen to me explain to you ……”
Chen Ping knew that these people had misunderstood!
“Misunderstand what, go back in and explain ……”
Ji Ru Xue spoke up!
As soon as Ji Ru Xue, who was the eldest sister, spoke up, several girls directly took Chen Ping under control and stuffed him into the car!
Hu Pazi looked at Chen Ping that way and laughed out loud!
Zhou Jie went up to mention Hu Pazzi’s ear and said, “You didn’t do anything messy when you went to the island, did you? I do know that island women are not honest ……”
“No, absolutely not, I promise ……”
Hu Ma Zi hemmed and hawed, then picked up Zhou Jie and left as well.
………………
It was late afternoon!
Chen Ping found Pocky Hu, he intended to ask Zhou Jie how the search for the Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm was going during this period of time!
But when Chen Ping arrived at Pocky Hu’s room, he heard some indescribable sounds inside!
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, so he could only light a cigarette and wait!
It was half an hour later before the sounds inside Pocky Hu’s room gradually died down!
When Hu Pazzi opened the door and found Chen Ping standing at the door, he said, “Chen Ping, why are you here? When did you get here?”
“I’ve been here for half an hour ……”
Chen Ping gave Pocky Hu a blank look!
Pocky Hu smiled heatedly and invited Chen Ping into the room!
By now, Zhou Jie had also dressed and followed Chen Ping with a red face as she greeted him!
“Zhou Jie, how are you doing with the matter of the Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm?”
Chen Ping asked in a straightforward manner.
“Mr. Chen, I’ve found a Demon Heart Sect secret realm, I just don’t know if it’s where your girlfriend is being held, you guys aren’t here, so I didn’t dare to open it rashly!”
Zhou Jie said.
“Where is it?” Chen Ping said with an excited look on his face.
“It’s in the backyard of the Martial Alliance, the entrance to this secret realm is there, I’ve already instructed Long Xingxu to send someone to guard it without interruption.”
“But I haven’t seen anyone come out of that entrance these days, I don’t know if this secret realm has been deserted or if there is another exit!”
Zhou Jie said.
“Let’s go, show me ……”
Chen Ping got up somewhat impatiently and wanted to take a look!
“Chen Ping, it’s already late at night, why go and see, wait until tomorrow, that secret realm can’t be escaped, if it’s really the Demon Heart Sect secret realm, we still have to plan properly to get there, we can’t be too reckless ……”
Hu Ma Zi knew that Chen Ping was eager to save people, but he couldn’t act recklessly!
Chen Ping nodded, he also knew he was a bit too hasty!
After following Zhou Jie for a few more words, Chen Ping left!
Because he knew that Pocky Hu had just returned and probably wouldn’t sleep this night…