“Exactly, I am the emperor of this Xiao Dynasty.”
Xiao Yuan Shan nodded!
“You’ve finally come out, if I kill you now, will your Xiao Dynasty return to the fold?”
The Tenth Highness asked carelessly!
“If I die, there are still my Xiao Imperial Dynasty subjects, can you kill all of our entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty subjects?”
“Our Xiao Dynasty’s subjects have never had a history of submission, not to mention a small Demon Sealing Alliance, even during the period of the God-Demon War, my Xiao Dynasty has never stopped resisting!”
“Unless, you are able to kill all of our Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s subjects ……”
Xiao Yuanshan said indifferently!
Xiao Yuanshan’s words made the many strong men of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, who originally had no fighting spirit and were dead silent, all of them one by one regained their fighting spirit!
They could fail, they could be killed, but they would never give in!
“Father, my son will never give in, and will not dishonour my ancestors ……”
Xiao Feng said with firm eyes!
“Your Majesty, the old minister will also never compromise, I will lead the millions of subjects of my Xiao Dynasty to resist on, even if it means shattering my bones.”
Yu Wenqiang also said with a fighting spirit!
All of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s powerhouses had their fighting spirit ignited at this moment!
They were no longer fearful of that Tenth Highness, and one by one, their eyes were filled with killing intent!
“Since you guys are obstinate, what’s wrong with killing all of you?”
The Tenth Highness snorted coldly!
However, this time around, the Ten Highness’s mighty pressure did not frighten these subjects of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Perhaps it was because of Xiao Yuanshan’s appearance, all of these subjects of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were filled with fighting spirit!
“Fight to the death……”
The many subjects of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty roared in unison!
The roar shook the heavens and resounded throughout the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
At the same time, dozens of cities in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, more than 100,000 troops all came towards the Imperial City in great numbers!
These generals of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were not ordered, but rather came towards the Imperial City spontaneously!
They also seemed to sense the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s trepidation!
The Tenth Highness looked at the combative crowd, the corner of his mouth hooked up with a touch of disdain: “Since you want to die, I’ll make you all happy ……”
The Tenth Highness looked at the combative crowd, the corner of his mouth hooked up with a touch of disdain: “Since you want to die, I’ll make you all happy ……”
“What’s the fear of slaughtering a million cities ……”
In the eyes of the Tenth Highness, even a million cultivators were all like ants, not enough to worry about!
After saying that, the Tenth Highness threw a punch towards Xiao Yuanshan, which, like a river from a mountain, rushed down!
Xiao Yuanshan, on the other hand, laughed coldly and directly threw out a fist!
When a fist came out, heaven and earth chanted!
It was evident that Xiao Yuanshan, the Xiao Emperor, was not jealous!
Boom!
The two fists clashed against each other, and a terrifying forceful aura spread towards the surroundings with lightning speed!
The two people simultaneously retreated backwards!
A gully appeared underneath the Tenth Highness and retreated for tens of miles!
On the other hand, Xiao Yuanshan had the buildings underneath him turn to ashes, and his figure even retreated a hundred miles backwards!
Seeing this scene, everyone had a gloomy expression, but none of them retreated!
In but an instant, the two figures returned to their original points once again, as if they had never retreated!
“The Emperor of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty is nothing more than that ……”
The Tenth Highness smiled coldly!
Xiao Yuanshan’s eyes slightly condensed as he said with a grave expression, “You are no more than that ……”
“Is that so?”The Tenth Highness said disdainfully, “I almost forgot to tell you that my fists are the worst.”
Xiao Yuanshan smiled, “I also forgot to tell you that my fists have not been hard either!”
“In that case, let’s continue!”
The Tenth Highness swung out with a fist!
Xiao Yuanshan, on the other hand, suddenly opened his palms, and the Imperial City underneath him began to tremble, and from underneath the Imperial City, countless breaths were used like a tidal wave, converging towards Xiao Yuanshan!
The spirit beasts in the entire Imperial City, at the instant those breaths were used, also let out a burst of wailing, followed by falling to the ground and dying!
“Emperor Xiao has actually spelled out the spirit beasts’ Qi of the Imperial City, what a great price to pay ……”
Yu Wenqiang looked at this scene and could not help but sigh!