“Of course, he’s from the Feng Family of the Central Region, only that he likes alchemy and often travels to study at the major apothecaries’ associations.”
Granny Zhen said.
Upon hearing that he was a member of the Feng Family, Chen Ping immediately became angry!
Bai Shao’s Fox Imperial City was occupied by the Feng Family, and now that he had come across someone from the Feng Family, Chen Ping couldn’t wait to slap him to death right away!
“Damn, come out to me ……”
Chen Ping stepped forward and directly carried Feng Xing out!
“What are you …… doing?”
Feng Xing looked nervous and said!
“Has your Feng family joined the Demon Sealing Alliance and become the dogs of the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
“Moreover, your Feng Family has also occupied the Fox Emperor City, so today I happen to take it out on you!”
Chen Ping said as he stared viciously at that Feng Xing!
“You …… dare, if you dare to touch me, the Feng family is ……”
Before Feng Xing could finish his sentence, Chen Ping slapped his palm down!
Feng Xing instantly burst his brain and died beyond death!
Seeing this scene, all the pill masters all sucked in a breath of cold air!
This guy, Chen Ping, was too decisive, killing people without finishing a single sentence!
“Sect Master, the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect have arrived!”
At this time, Gu Tianzhao shouted outside!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping rushed out of the dungeon with the crowd and saw a spirit boat on the sea rapidly approaching!
Right after the spirit boat approached, Mu Qiufeng led all of the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to leap up in a single bound!
All the Pill Masters looked on with grave expressions!
Many Pill Masters began to get nervous, after all, that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect was not weak!
These disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect exploded all of their auras out, each with a murderous aura!
Dozens of Ferrying Realm and Mahayana Realm cultivators, and all of them knew the art of Formation, it was simply not something that these pharmacists could cope with!
Not to mention the fact that Chen Wenliang and the others had just gone through a battle and had consumed a considerable amount of physical strength!
Some of the pharmacists’ bodies were trembling slightly, this time would be a time of life and death!
Whether or not they could leave the island alive depended on this battle!
Although the pill masters had the advantage in terms of numbers, there was no way that their fighting strength could be compared to that of the disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
If it wasn’t for the presence of Chen Ping and the Two Yi Sect’s people, Chen Wenliang and the others wouldn’t have had the slightest room for resistance!
These pill masters had pinned all their hopes on Chen Ping and the Two Yi Sect’s people!
Mu Qiufeng looked at the many pharmacists on the island, he knew that he was still one step too late!
“All pay attention to me, try not to hurt those pill masters, they are the wealth of our Zhentian Dharma Sect.”
“Destroy that brat and the Two Yi Sect’s people, all of them!”
Mu Qiufeng ordered to the many disciples of the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect!
In Mu Qiufeng’s opinion, as long as Chen Ping and the people of the Two Yi Sect were exterminated, the remaining pill masters would not be enough to worry about!
Chen Wenliang looked at the mid-air, each and every one of the murderous disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect and yelled, “Prepare for battle, everyone swallow all pills!”
One by one, the pharmacists took out all the pills they had on them and swallowed them!
This was the fastest way to recover!
If they were really captured by the people of the Sky-Shattering Dharma Sect, all the pills they had on them would be plundered as well, so they might as well eat them themselves!
After these pill masters swallowed the pills, the aura on their bodies was skyrocketing!
Mu Qiufeng frowned slightly, then waved his hand, “Break the formation ……”
The many disciples of the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect all attacked towards the island’s defensive formation!
For a time, the great Dao roared and the heavens and earth trembled!
The small island shook from side to side!
“Sect Master, I’m afraid that this defensive formation won’t be able to support it for long!”
Gu Tianzhao said as he looked towards Chen Ping!
This defensive formation had been laid too hastily, there was no time at all!
If they were given a month’s time with Chen Ping, Chen Ping would be able to make this defensive formation as solid as gold!
Chen Ping glanced at the many pill masters who were swallowing pills and recovering their strength, then said, ”Try to stall for as long as possible to give these pill masters longer to prepare!