A void above the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
On Lin Kefan’s left side, followed by an old man in a lattice robe, crutches in his hand, his hair in disarray, looking very peculiar!
On Lin Kefan’s left side, followed by an old man wearing a lattice robe, with a cane in his hand and dishevelled hair, looking very peculiar! And on Lin Kefan’s right side, followed by a man in ink-coloured black clothes.
And on Lin Kefan’s right side, there was also a man in ink-coloured black robes following him, his body straight, a murderous aura shrouding his brows, giving a strong sense of oppression! The old man named Flower Staff Weng, on Lin Kefan’s left side, followed by an old man wearing a lattice-coloured robe, with a cane in his hand and dishevelled hair, looking very peculiar.
The old man was named Flower Staff Weng, and the man was named Mo Killing Shadow, these two people were Lin Kefan’s personal people, just like that Left Blind Elder and Right Blind Elder, who were close to protect Lin Keting! Lin Kefan’s appearance made Xiao Xiao’s heart break.
Lin Kefan’s appearance caused all of the powerful people surrounding the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to have their bodies slightly shaken, and then move away from the area of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!……
Lin Kefan stood with his hands in the air, looking down at the Xiao Imperial Dynasty at his feet!
“Fourth Prince, if you are unwilling to do it, then let the two of us help you bring that Chen Ping out?
The Flower Staff Weng asked in a low voice to Lin Kefan!””Fourth Prince, if you are unwilling to do it, then let the two of us help you bring out that Chen Ping?
Lin Kefan did not speak, still looking at the Xiao Huangzhao at his feet without saying a word!”The Flower Staff Weng, in a low voice, asked Lin Kefan.
“Flower Scepter Weng, you speak less, there are so many experts surrounding this Xiao Imperial Dynasty, yet none of them dared to enter the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to make a move, it seems that it is by no means simple within this Xiao Imperial Dynasty!”
Mo Killing Shadow opened his mouth and said!
“A Xiao Imperial Dynasty, what can be uncomplicated, that Xiao Emperor is only at the 8th rank of the Mahayana Realm now, I alone am enough to fight against the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
The Flower Staff Weng snorted coldly, not putting the Xiao Imperial Dynasty in his eyes in the slightest!”Even if you can deal with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, I alone will be enough to fight against the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.
“Even if you can deal with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, can you beat that Chen Ping? He’s the one who beat even the Grand Emperor to the point of spitting blood.
“A second rank of the Mahayana realm, yet he beat even the Grand Prince to the point of spitting blood without the ability to fight back, this kid definitely has a background.”
Mo Killing Shadow said!
“The Grand Prince is a waste of space, if the Fourth Prince were to make a move, then Chen Ping would still be a handful!”Flower Staff Weng said! Lin Kefan slowly turned his head, if it was the fourth prince who made a move, then Chen Ping would still be a handful ah!
Lin Kefan slowly turned his head and looked at the Flower Cane Weng, his eyes full of harsh censure!”The Grand Prince was a waste, if the Fourth Prince had made a move, then Chen Ping would still be a handful!”The Flower Staff Weng said!”Lin Kefan slowly turned his head and looked towards the Flower Cane Weng, his eyes filled with harsh censure!
Although they all know that they follow their big brother and don’t get along, but their big brother, is by no means something that these underlings can insult and comment on at will!”Flower Scepter Weng said.
The Flower Scepter Weng felt Lin Kefan’s gaze and hurriedly shut his mouth in fear! Just like that, the three people listened in silence.
Just like that, the three people quietly stayed in the sky above the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.
After an unknown amount of time, suddenly the void trembled, followed by a terrifying aura sweeping in! At the same time, a disdainful voice stayed over the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.
At the same time, a disdainful voice rang out, “Wanting to take a hundred thousand immortal spirit stones, but not daring to make a move, coy, where is a little bit of the dignity of a strong person, each of you dare to make a move, I will make a move ……”
A black shadow rushed like lightning towards the imperial city of the Lower Hair Xiao Dynasty, aiming straight for Chen Ping!
Because this person was too fast, it caused the entire void to twist and distort along with it! Seeing that someone was about to make a move against Chen Ping, the target went straight towards Chen Ping.
Seeing that someone was about to make a move on Chen Ping, Lin Kefan also instantly chased after him! There was no way he could just stand by and watch.
There was no way he could watch as Chen Ping was killed by someone else!……
There was no way he could watch Chen Ping being killed by someone else!
But just as Lin Kefan was about to chase after him, that black shadow had already rushed into the Xiao Dynasty’s Imperial City! However, the black shadow had just entered the city!
However, that black shadow had just entered the Imperial City when suddenly a white light flashed between heaven and earth!”Ah
“Ah…………”
Accompanied by a miserable scream, that black shadow instantly disappeared! However, that black shadow had just entered the Imperial City when suddenly a white light flashed between heaven and earth!”Ah
Calmness was also restored within the entire Imperial City, as if nothing had happened.
Lin Kefan was dumbfounded, and everyone was dumbfounded!
The scene was so silent that a pin could be heard!
In an instant, all the powerhouses around the Xiao Imperial Dynasty turned and ran without the slightest hesitation, leaving only the three of them, Lin Kefan, still in mid-air!”Old Weng, you.
“Old Weng, you …… Did you just see someone? That black shadow’s strength can be above you and me ah.”
Mo Killer Shadow swallowed his saliva and said!
“Didn …… Didn’t see clearly, only heard whoosh, ah …… People are gone!”
Cold sweat was pouring out of the Flower Staff Weng’s forehead!
He had just said that he was able to deal with Xiao Huangzhao, not putting Xiao Huangzhao in his eyes in the slightest! But now?
But now what?
A person who was even stronger than him had just entered the Imperial City, and the person hadn’t even been seen yet, and had completely disappeared!……