When the crowd heard this, they all sucked in a cold breath, the thing they feared had finally come!
“I …… only have a thousand …… dollars on me.”
“I don’t have any money either, I haven’t even paid my credit card yet!”
“I have 10,000 on me, but that’s not enough ……”
The crowd couldn’t come up with 100,000 or 80,000 dollars, not even close to a million!
At this time, Chen Ping sat down on the sofa in the lobby, someone had already prepared a fruit plate for him, and then ate the fruit while watching Leng Bing and the others’ eagerness!
“If you don’t have any money, then you can’t leave here ……”
The receptionist lady turned her face cold and followed up by picking up the intercom, “Attention Security, someone wants to eat a bully meal ……”
A word that startled Leng Bing and the others, this was the Regal Hotel, to dare to eat a king’s meal here was to seek death!
Soon, a dozen security guards came over with weapons in an aggressive manner and surrounded these people!
These people had never seen such a battle before, and they were all scared out of their wits!
They all looked at Leng Bing, they could only count on him now!
When Leng Bing looked at the security guards, he was also terrified and his face turned pale!
“Brother Bing, didn’t you come here in a Mercedes S, you should press the car here first!”
“Right, you put the car here first, and when the payment for the goods arrives, then come and pay for it!”
“We really don’t have any money, unlike Brother Bing you are a big boss, a million or so is nothing!”
The crowd was paying attention and blowing up at Leng Bing at the same time!
Leng Bing at this time a face of embarra*sment, finally helplessly said: “I …… my car is rented, there is no way to press here ……”
Once Leng Bing’s words came out, all the people were all stunned, even that Zhang Miao was also looking at Leng Bing incredulously!
Just now, when Chen Ping said that Leng Bing’s car was a rental, none of them believed it, but now it was smacked in the face!
This time, the crowd was all in a panic, if this Leng Bing was a pseudo-rich man, then this money would still end up being paid by them!
“Since you can’t get the money, then don’t blame us for being rude!” Seeing that these people couldn’t get the money either, the receptionist said, “Take all these people to the back and let the manager dispose of them, don’t affect business here!”
Seeing this, a dozen security guards, armed with weapons, were about to go up and arrest these people and take them to the back!
This time, these people are scared, that Leng Bing is also scared and hurriedly said: “I …… I pay, I only pay for my own money, let me go ……”
It has come to this, Leng Bing will not be pretending for the sake of face!
When the crowd saw that Leng Bing didn’t care about them, they were all dumbfounded!
And that Zhang Miao hurriedly pulled Leng Bing’s hand: “Brother Bing, you …… you take the money for me too!”
“Get lost, where do I have so much money ……” Leng Bing fiercely shook off Zhang Miao’s hand!
He only wanted to get away from here as quickly as possible now, if he was caught in the back, he might have to take a beating!
This time, Zhang Miao froze and looked at Leng Bing somewhat incredulously, she didn’t expect Leng Bing to be this kind of person!
“You must settle all the money before you can leave, you can’t leave if you only pay for you alone!”
The receptionist refused Leng Bing.
When Leng Bing heard this, she froze for a moment, it seemed that none of them would be able to leave without taking out the million or so!
“What are you pretending to be if you don’t have money, you turned out to be a pseudo-rich man!”
“I’m really screwed, I can’t afford to drink f*cking brandy!”
“Over a million dollars, where can I get it?”
The crowd cursed Leng Bing and Zhang Miao with righteous indignation, if it wasn’t for the two of them, how could things have come to this!
“Chen Ping, please intercede and let me go first, I’ll make up the money afterwards ……”
At this time, Wang Yutian walked over and said in a low voice after seeing Chen Ping who had a pleasant face!