He felt the spiritual energy within him surging, and the Dragon-Slaying Sword emitted a longing hum.
“Well met!”
Chen Ping let out a long roar, no longer defending, but instead channelling all his sword intent into the Dragon-Slaying Sword.
In an instant, the Dragon-Slaying Sword erupted with dazzling golden light, as if a blazing sun had awakened within the blade.
“Dragon-Slaying Strike!”
Three simple words, yet they carried an aura of unparalleled dominance.
A golden sword beam shot out from the Dragon-Slaying Sword, not vast in size, but imbued with an indomitable force, like a world-cleaving blade, thrusting straight towards the massive blue sword shadow.
“Boom!”
The golden and blue sword beams collided, unleashing a deafening explosion that shook the heavens.
A terrifying shockwave spread outwards from the arena, only stopped by the “Spirit-Locking Array,” sparing the spectators below from harm.
As the light dissipated, the scene on the arena left everyone stunned.
Li Hanjiang’s “Seven Stars Shatter the Moon” sword shadow had collapsed, three of the seven gems on his Seven Stars Sword shattered. He staggered back dozens of steps, his face pale, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth, clearly gravely injured.
Chen Ping, however, stood firm in his place, holding the Dragon-Slaying Sword, his posture as upright as a pine tree, his breathing only slightly unsteady.
The arena fell into dead silence.
After a long moment, thunderous cheers erupted, louder than any before.
“He won! Chen Ping won!”
“An eighth-grade Loose Immortal defeating a fifth-grade Earth Immortal! This is a miracle!”
“He’s the true champion of this swordsmanship tournament!”
Ling Xue and the others embraced each other, tears of joy streaming down their faces, while Hu Mazi leapt up, shouting, “Chen Ping! Well done!”
Mo Chen stood below the arena, tears glistening in his eyes, murmuring to himself, “The Sword Sect… is saved…”
On the VIP platform, the Sword Saint City Lord stood abruptly, proclaiming loudly, “Excellent! What a ‘Dragon-Slaying Strike’! I declare Chen Ping the victor of this match!”
Li Hanjiang looked at Chen Ping, giving a bitter smile. “I lost… and I accept it wholeheartedly.”
With that, he clutched his chest and staggered off the arena.
Chen Ping watched Li Hanjiang’s retreating figure, feeling no joy in his victory, but rather a hint of admiration. Li Hanjiang’s swordsmanship was indeed exquisite; without the aid of the Dragon-Slaying Sword and his mastery of the Sword Intent Barrier, victory would have been far from easy.
At that moment, Zhao Jingfeng suddenly leapt down from the VIP platform, landing on the arena, glaring at Chen Ping with ill intent. “Boy, you’ve been lucky, but your luck ends here!”
He clearly could not wait any longer and sought to challenge Chen Ping ahead of schedule.
The crowd below erupted in discussion.
“What’s Zhao Jingfeng trying to do? It’s not even their match yet!”
“Looks like he’s getting anxious, afraid Chen Ping will keep winning and threaten his championship!”
“Shameless, bullying the weak!”
The Sword Saint City official frowned, about to intervene, but Chen Ping spoke first. “Fine. Sooner or later, we fight. Let’s do it now.”
He knew a clash with Zhao Jingfeng was inevitable.
Zhao Jingfeng grinned menacingly. “Good! You’ve got guts! Today, I’ll show you what true swordsmanship is!”
Holding his long sword, Zhao Jingfeng exuded a towering aura, his sixth-grade Earth Immortal cultivation fully unleashed.
“Chen Ping, to die under my ‘Heaven-Splitting Sword Technique’ is your honour!”
Before his words faded, he swung his sword.
This strike was far more domineering than Li Hanjiang’s “Seven Stars Shatter the Moon,” the sword shadow laced with faint spatial rifts, as if it could tear the very heavens apart.
“Heaven-Splitting Sword Technique, First Form: Stone-Cleaving Cloud-Piercer!”
The sword beam flashed like lightning, reaching Chen Ping in an instant.
The crowd below gasped in shock; the speed and power of this strike far surpassed anything seen before.