In the secret realm!
Chen Ping had spent a full day in the secret realm, but he hadn’t found anything!
But in this day’s time, Chen Ping had roughly calculated the size of the secret realm, which was hundreds of miles in distance.
It could be called a small world, and there were mountains, water, flowers and gra*s, the environment was very good, and the spiritual energy was very abundant!
The only drawback was that there were no living creatures, and Chen Ping was the only one in the whole secret realm!
In here, Chen Ping also failed to find Su Yuqi, and there was another very bad thing, that is, the entrance was also missing!
Chen Ping hadn’t been able to find the entrance or exit of the secret realm in the middle of the day either.
If he couldn’t find the entrance and exit, it meant that there was no way for Chen Ping to get out of the secret realm!
It was getting dark, and Chen Ping knew that he could not find the entrance to the secret realm, so Hu Puzi and the others were probably trying to find a way out.
So Chen Ping was in no hurry, he sat down on his knees and began to cultivate quietly!
And at that moment, Hu Puzi and Zhou Jie outside were indeed anxiously thinking of a solution!
“Tell me what’s going on here? Why did the entrance to the secret realm suddenly close?”
Hu Puzi asked as he looked at Zhou Jie with complaint.
“I don’t know either, obviously the entrance was right here, but now it’s disappeared.”
“I can’t feel the existence of the entrance at all now either, as if there had never been a secret entrance here at all!”
Zhou Jie was also anxious.
No matter how she pushed the spell, the place where the entrance to the Secret Realm had appeared, there was no longer a trace of void fluctuation, and Zhou Jie couldn’t feel that there had ever been an entrance to the Secret Realm here!
“What can we do?”
Pocky Hu was now at a bit of a loss for words!
It was obvious that this was the entrance to the secret realm, a plot by that Demonic Heart Sect to deliberately lure Chen Ping into a trap!
In that case, there was no way that Su Yuqi was in this secret realm either!
Now that Ning Zhi had been saved, and Chen Ping was trapped in the secret realm, this left Hu Ma Zi and the others at their wits’ end!
“Master Hu, perhaps there’s someone who can save Brother Chen Ping out ……”
At this moment, Long Xingxu said.
“Who? Who can save Chen Ping?”
Pocky Hu hurriedly asked.
“Mr. Shi …………”
When Long Xingxu finished speaking, he almost didn’t let that Hu Pazzi fall on his heels.
First of all, let’s not talk about whether Mr. Shi could save him, the question was who could invite Mr. Shi?
Who was qualified to invite Mr. Shi?
Those of them, they were afraid that they wouldn’t even be able to meet Mr. Shi!
“Who do you think will come forward and be able to see Mr. Shi?”
Pocky Hu asked to Long Xingxu.
“Master Hu, maybe one person can’t, we can unite more people and go together to see Mr. Shi, maybe Mr. Shi will be able to see us.”
Long Xingxu said.
“I feel that Xing Xu is right, as long as there are enough people, I don’t think Mr. Shi will necessarily not see us.”
“As long as we see each other and talk over the matter of Chen Ping being trapped, I reckon Mr Shi will manage.”
“After all, Mr Shi takes care of Chen Ping.”
Zhou Jie also spoke up at this point.
“Alright, then we’ll split up tomorrow and contact everyone we can!”
Hu Ma Zi nodded!
Early the next morning!
Pocky Hu and the others split up!
Soon, dozens of people were gathered, and all of them were still prominent people in the martial arts world of Kyoto.
Ge Fuhai, Ge Jiayi ……
Zhao Liguo, Zhao Chuang, Xiao Ru …………
Ji Ru Xue, Gu Ling’er, Wu Mei’er, Xiao Lan, Xiao Min ……
Dong Liqun, Dong Jiahao …………
Xu Changsheng, Dragon Five, Four Villains …………
Hu Ma Zi, Zhou Jie, Long Xing Xu ……
…………
At the entrance of the Protector Pavilion, dozens of people had blocked the entrance directly!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, please go and inform Mr. Shi, we have something to see him ……”
Ge Fuhai said to Zhao Wuji very politely.