This person was no other than Ning Zhi, who had been missing for some time!
At this moment, Ning Zhi had long since been transformed, his body carried a bit of a feminine aura, and his skin was even fairer and tighter, but the grimness in his eyes was as cold as ever!
“Chen Ping, you would never have thought that I, Ning Zhi, would enter the Martial Alliance, would you? Even more so, you would never have thought that I could control the entire Martial Dao Alliance ……”
Ning Zhi said with venomous eyes and a slightly raised corner of his mouth.
“Alright, don’t be narcissistic, do your own thing, and remember who gave you everything you have now ……”
Suddenly, in Ning Zhi’s mind, an old and hoarse voice rang out.
The smile on Ning Zhi’s face instantly withdrew, followed by him becoming respectful!
“I know!” Ning Zhi nodded respectfully, and then walked towards the backyard of the Martial Alliance.
“Senior, may I ask, were all those people in black robes at the meeting just now also people like me?”
On the way, Ning Zhi asked with great curiosity.
Just now, during the meeting, it was not Ning Zhi, but the soul inside him that was in the meeting, only that Ning Zhi had some consciousness at that time.
So he was now curious if all these people were like him, people possessed by spirits.
“Mark my words, you are just a host body, without you, I can totally find a replacement in.”
“Do your own thing, don’t ask what you shouldn’t ask, or I don’t mind swallowing your soul and finding a new host!”
In my head . A stern and angry voice appeared!
Ning Zhi was so frightened that he instantly dared not speak anymore, but walked straight towards the Martial Union’s dungeon!
Ning Zhi skillfully opened the dungeon and proceeded to the depths, inside a very secretive room!
The door to the room was open, and four topless youths were sitting on the floor with their knees crossed in cultivation!
In front of the four, there were syringes that had just been used, with traces of blood still left inside!
Hearing that someone had arrived, the four men instantly opened their eyes and got up, before respectfully nodding towards Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi looked at the four people in front of him, his eyes filled with hot enthusiasm as he felt that the four people in front of him had grown in strength so quickly that they were all on the verge of surpa*sing him.
As if he could see Ning Zhi’s envy, the old voice in his head rang out, “That little girl’s terrifying bloodline is truly powerful, in just a short amount of time, she has built these four people into Martial Marquis powerhouses, in time, these four people will be able to hold their own in the Kyoto Martial Dao world.”
“But as strong as they are now, they are still just dolls at the mercy of others, do you want to be like them?”
“No, no, no, I don’t want to ……”
Ning Zhi shook his head repeatedly!
“The Dragon Family is now applying for a trial, and with Zhu Zhishan out of the picture, you’re in full charge of the Martial Alliance, place these four people in the trial, and it’s time for them to show their faces ……”
The old voice ordered to Ning Zhi.
“I understand!” Ning Zhi nodded his head.
Afterwards, Ning Zhi took out something that resembled a seal, followed by a burst of black light flickering above the seal.
Ning Zhi took the seal and darkened it directly in front of the four people’s chests in front of him.
A puff of smoke rose up, and then a very clear circular pattern appeared on the chests of the four men!
And this pattern followed the exact same pattern on the chests of those black-robed men.
After doing all this, Ning Zhi left the room.
After leaving this hidden room, Ning Zhi was pa*sing a fork in the road when Ning Zhi turned his head slightly to look at the room at the end of one side with a few moments of greed in his eyes!
Ning Zhi’s eyes had just looked over when a sudden flash of pain pa*sed through his mind, causing Ning Zhi to instantly frown.
“I’m telling you, don’t hit that little girl, if you dare to touch that little girl, not only you, but even I will be destroyed in ashes and never be able to be reborn ……”
The old voice was very stern as it warned Ning Zhi.