“Jade Pope Sect?” Bai Shao froze “It’s that clan that specialises in extracting yin and replenishing yang, a bunch of colourful billets?”
“Yes, it’s them ……” Fire Phoenix nodded and said!
“I’ll deal with this bunch of guys ……”
Bai Shao said, directly walking forward!
The bald head saw the situation, could not help but heave a smile “I did not think that another little b*tch appeared, this time the brothers have to play, just captured those two little girls, simply not enough to share ah……”
The bald man’s words made both Miao Lao and Cai Hongwei’s bodies tremble!
Because the two little girls they caught were none other than Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan, these guys from the Jade Pope Sect were notorious for the fact that any female cultivator that fell into their hands would end up being drained dry!
Hearing the bald man’s words, Bai Shao instantly had her eyes slightly glazed over “You’re f*cking looking for death ……”
Bai Shallow’s body erupted with the aura of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, which also carried a thick bloody aura!
Feeling Bai Shallow’s aura, those from the Jade Pope Sect were stunned!
“I didn’t expect it to be the Fox Emperor’s daughter, I’ve just offended you more, I hope you don’t take offence, we from the Jade Pope Sect have never had any quarrels following your Beast Race.”
“Today, I hope that the Fox Imperial Maiden will stay out of the affairs between us.”
Baldy hurriedly apologised after Bai Shao!
“What if I must interfere?” Bai Shao asked!
The bald head frowned and said “If you must care, then don’t blame us for being impolite, even though you’re at the seventh rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, but there are so many of us that it’s not certain who will lose and who will win ……”
Saying that, the bald head’s sixth rank of the Transitional Deluge Realm also exploded out!
The other people from the Jade Pope Sect had also taken up positions, and all of these guys were not low in strength either!
Although their Jade Pope Sect wasn’t a demonic cultivator, they also relied on crooked ways to cultivate, so their strength grew faster than normal cultivators!
Bai Shao’s face became a little ugly, right now she was definitely not a match for these Jade Pope Sect people alone, but if she let Fire Phoenix and the others help, these people were all very weak and injured!
For a time, Bai Shao also became embarrassed left and right!
> “Fox Royal Daughter, I’ll give you one more chance, I hope you don’t mind your own business ……”
Bald said coldly!
“What if she must mind her own business?” At this moment, a voice came from not far away!
Hearing this voice, Elder Miao as well as Fire Phoenix and all of them were overjoyed!
They only saw Chen Ping slowly walking towards them with Luo Xi!
“Mr Chen …………”
Seeing Chen Ping, Elder Miao and Cai Hongwei all excitedly went forward and knelt down!
“Elder Miao, Boss Cai, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping hurriedly helped the two people up!
“Mr Chen, please save Miao Miao and Qian Nan, the two of them have been captured by the Jade Pope Sect’s people, if no one saves them, then they are going to be spoiled.”
Elder Miao and Boss Cai cried and begged!
“What?” Chen Ping’s eyes went cold, then he looked at the remaining few people, each one of them all carrying injuries!
“Mr Chen ……” Ji Yun stepped forward and also shouted with some excitement!
“Master ……” Fire Phoenix also had hot tears in her eyes!
“What the hell is going on here? Where are the others?”
Chen Ping asked to Fire Phoenix!
The fire phoenix briefly explained what had happened, and after Chen Ping heard it, a horrifying killing intent immediately erupted from his body!
Seeing that all these people knew Chen Ping and that the fire phoenix followed Chen Ping in calling out to his master, Bai Shallow was also filled with surprise!
It was important to know that Chen Ping was only a small cultivator of the first grade of the Transition Realm, while the others were all stronger than him!
Among them, there was also a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, yet these people were all respectful to Chen Ping!
This was somewhat unreasonable!
“Fire Phoenix, you just called him master, what’s going on?”
Bai Shao asked to Fire Phoenix!
“This is my master, do you know my master too?”
Fire Phoenix asked!
Bai Shao glanced at Chen Ping and then nodded “Sort of know him ……”