“Zhang Miao, are you a household checker? Asking questions, hurry up and serve food and eat …………”
Wu Yi Fan hurriedly said to Zhang Miao in order not to embarra*s Wang Han Han!
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a lot of information about the actual person. Is there something you can’t tell him, such as having been in jail?”
Zhang Miao’s words were so direct that she made it clear!
When she heard Zhang Miao say this, Wang Han Han looked surprised, she had never told anyone about this matter, why would Zhang Miao know about it?
At this moment, Wang Han Han looked at Wu Yi Fan, because only Wu Yi Fan knew about Chen Ping’s imprisonment last night!
Wu Yifan was also surprised, and finally put his eyes on that Wang Yutian, his eyes full of anger: “Wang Yutian, are you the one who chewed his tongue?”
Last night Wu Yifan followed Wang Yutian’s words, and now Zhang Miao even knew about it, so it must have been Wang Yutian who said it!
“Wu Yifan, how is this chewing on tongues, I’m just telling it like it is!”
Wang Yutian didn’t argue, she just admitted it, which made Wu Yifan furious, and at the same time Wu Yifan was also a bit worried!
Because she was a young lady, Wang Yutian also knew that if she stirred up the news at this time, then she would really be ashamed to face others!
The fact is that the company’s business is not only a good one, but also a good one.
“Han Han, your boyfriend has been in prison is not something difficult to say, why not say it, we are not discriminating against him, your current status is a good match for your boyfriend, a dancer, a reformed prisoner, a match made in heaven ……… …”
“Hahahaha …………”
When Zhang Miao finished, the crowd all followed and laughed, the mockery in their eyes showing without shelter!
Wang Han Han’s face was red with anger, she didn’t want to come, she knew that by attending this cla*smate party, she would definitely be mocked by the crowd, and now in this situation, she didn’t have the courage to stay!
Net slowly got up and wanted to leave, but was pulled by Chen Ping: “Han Han, you haven’t even eaten yet, why are you leaving, let’s talk after eating!”
“Yes, it’s just a joke with you, why be angry? If you don’t have this reunion, you won’t be able to come here for dinner for the rest of your life. If you’re afraid you won’t have the money to take your share, you can tell me, I’ll pay for you, 100,000 or 80,000 is nothing to me ……… …”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re getting into.
The first thing you need to do is to get rid of the problem.
“No need, this amount of money, we still have it!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Alright then, since you have the money, then I don’t have to worry about it, I’m really afraid that after the meal later, there will be another one who skipped the bill, it will be a shame!” Zhang Miao said, and then looked at Leng Bing and said, “Brother Bing, didn’t you say that you had booked the banquet in advance, let them serve it!”
“No problem!” Leng Bing smiled faintly, “I booked a banquet for fifty-eight thousand eight hundred this time, not including the drinks, the drinks are the Maotai I brought myself, a dozen of us counted, each of us won’t spend ten thousand eight hundred, I’ll let them serve the food now!”
After Leng Bing finished speaking and made a phone call, soon the door to the private room was pushed open and one by one the exquisite dishes were brought up!
Only these people looked at the table full of dishes, no one had a happy expression, after all, they had just joined the workforce, many of them had no savings at all, this meal into the ten thousand or eight thousand, are going to be heartbroken, simply do not have the money to give!