This is a symptom after the soul has gone out of the body. Chen Ping has not yet reached the out-of-body stage, and borrowing a talisman to force the soul out of the body will definitely have side effects.
However, Chen Ping felt that this time out of the body was worth it, he did not expect that there was another magical place after the boundary around this secret realm.
“Inside that chaotic space …………”
Chen Ping was about to follow Hu Ma Zi and tell him about what he had seen when he was interrupted.
“Why have you two come here? Didn’t I warn you two?”
Zhou Jie looked at Chen Ping and Hu Puzi with an angry expression on her face.
“Miss Zhou, sorry, we were just curious and came over to take a look, we’ll go back now ……”
Chen Ping pulled up Hu Puzi and hurriedly ran back!
When he returned to his room, Hu Ma Zi asked impatiently again, “What exactly is inside that chaotic space?”
Chen Ping glanced out of the window and then told Hu Pazzi what he had seen!
This time, Pocky Hu was directly shocked, his eyes were wide open and his mouth could have stuffed an egg.
“All of them are precious medicinal herbs? And ten thousand year old He Shou Wu?”
“You kid can’t be lying to me, how come it doesn’t look like the real thing to me.”
Pocky Hu was a bit in disbelief at what Chen Ping said.
“Master Hu, what do I have to gain by lying to you, this is absolutely true.”
Chen Ping said with a sincere face.
“F*ck, wouldn’t we be rich then, if the two of us find a way to get through that boundary, those medicinal herbs would be ours.”
Hu Ma Zi had an excited look on his face, only for his smile to quickly disappear as he said, “Do you think that this Demon Spirit Sect also knows about this place, that’s why they won’t let us go near it?”
“There is another possibility, this is the resource place of the Demon Spirit Sect, there are so many people in the Demon Spirit Sect, they always have to rely on resources to cultivate, as you can see, this secret realm of the Demon Spirit Sect is too small and doesn’t have any resources.”
Chen Ping also agreed somewhat with Hu Puzi’s words, except that if that was really the Demon Spirit Sect’s resource place, then there must be a high ranking person within the Demon Spirit Sect.
“When I meet that Demon Spirit Sect leader tomorrow, I’ll find out if that place is really the Demon Spirit Sect’s resource place or not by testing it out.”
Chen Ping should know as soon as he met the Demonic Spirit Sect Master and tried to find out.
Early the next morning, after Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi had eaten, Zhou Jie came to find Chen Ping.
It said that the Demon Spirit Sect Leader wanted to see Chen Ping, while Hu Pocky was waiting inside the room!
When Pocky Hu saw that Zhou Jie had come with that Song Qingping, his face turned ugly!
It felt like his daughter-in-law had been abducted by another man!
“Mr. Chen, our patriarch has an invitation ……”
After seeing Chen Pingzhi, Song Qingping said courteously.
“Vice Patriarch Song, lead the way ……”
Chen Ping also said politely.
Although Chen Ping had always been wary of the Demon Spirit Sect, but this Song Qingping had been polite and courteous, so Chen Ping could not be cold-faced!
A group of people walked to the largest hall in the middle, at this time there were already more than ten people sitting in the hall, and each of them had an unkind face and carried a murderous aura if any.
Looking at these people, Chen Ping had some doubts as to how this Song Qingping, who was so courteous and scholarly, could have reached the position of Vice Patriarch.
“Mr. Chen, you can sit down first, I will go and invite the Patriarch out ……”
After Song Qingping finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, found a chair and sat down.
Feeling the unkind gazes of the dozen people around him, Chen Ping wasn’t afraid or retreating at all, and swept his gaze over these people as well!
“You are Chen Ping?”
This was when a man in a dark green long shirt stood up and asked Chen Ping.
“Right!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
“I heard that you fought against the Martial Dao Alliance all by yourself, and killed several alliance masters of the Martial Dao Alliance, and brought the Martial Dao Alliance into chaos, is that true?”
The man asked.