“You …… you ……”
The spirit monster’s body flickered with crimson flames, his face full of disbelief “How is it possible that you are still alive ……”
“How is it impossible? This flame of yours is not enough for me to stuff my teeth with, no in greeting some flames out!”
Chen Ping said smugly!
His Origin Space was a cosmic star, and even his Fire Origin was a star!
With just this bit of flame, it was a joke to think that Chen Ping’s Origin Space would burst!
The spirit monster’s face was unsightly and his body kept retreating backwards!
Chen Ping saw that the spirit monster was trying to escape, so the Dragon Slashing Sword came out in a smooth manner, and the flames that covered the sky rolled out!
“I’ll let you taste the flavour of the flames as well ……”
Chen Ping roared as the flames directly engulfed the spirit monster’s body!
The spirit monster let out a piercing hiss, followed by the chaotic void around it trembling violently!
Along with a huge suction force, Chen Ping’s body was instantly sucked into the darkness!
When there was light again, Chen Ping found himself back in the cave!
Only, there were no longer any Ochre Yan and the others within the cave, and there were no longer any of those feats engraved on the stone walls of the cave!
Chen Ping was very strange and kept surveying his surroundings!
“A mere Transition Realm cultivator, to have a cosmic star-like origin space, rare, truly rare ……”
A ghostly voice seemed to come from the heavens!
“Who are you?”
Chen Ping was violently startled and questioned loudly!
“Who am I?” The voice carried doubt and disbelief, as if it was asking itself rhetorically!
“Who am I? Where do I come from? Why am I here?”
The voice echoed up inside the cave!
This time, it confused Chen Ping!
He didn’t even know who the voice came from, so how could he know who the other party was!
“Do you dare to show yourself and meet me? Perhaps by seeing you, I will be able to know who you are.”
Chen Ping said!
“Oh? You know me?”
The voice carried a few hints of surprise!
“If you show your face, it is possible for me to recognise you ……”
Chen Ping lured the other party to show his face.
If the other party did not show his face, it would not be easy for Chen Ping to deal with such a pretence!
Chen Ping’s words had just fallen, when a figure suddenly appeared in front of him!
This figure looked very old and tired, and was carrying heavy shackles on his body!
Just like an ancient felon, it could not help but make one’s heart feel pity!
“Do you recognise me?”
The figure asked Chen Ping after revealing himself!
Chen Ping, however, shook his head, he did not know the other party, but Chen Ping was a little puzzled, this old man had obviously been left with only a remnant of his soul, how could he still be bound by a heavy shackle?
Moreover, this shackle should not be a mortal object, after all, something that could lock a soul must be a high-level magic weapon or something like that!
“Senior, what exactly are you? Why did you appear here? And you are already a wisp of a remnant soul, and you are still bound, what exactly happened?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“How do I know who I am, I also don’t know why I am trapped here, I want to leave this place, but for thousands of years, I have not been able to walk out of here.”
The old man looked at the stone walls around him, his eyes filled with a desire for freedom!
“Elder, then the formations within this cave as well as the Kung Fu techniques, were they carved by you?”
Chen Ping continued to ask!
The old man nodded “Not bad, it was me who carved it, I only wanted to suck in some cultivators to come and then attach myself to their bodies to leave this place, where did I know that these fellows were too weak and died one by one ……”
“I really can’t figure out, the cultivators in this place, why are they all as weak as rubbish, there is no way, I can only carve the gongfa, then let him cultivate, when he is strong enough, I can attach to his body and leave this place!”
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly thought of Qi Peijia, after this guy entered the Devil Swallowing Cave, his strength skyrocketed, it turned out to be because of this old man, it seemed that this guy was really lucky!