That black light instantly followed Chen Ping’s outburst of fist wind and collided with each other!
A huge explosion sounded!
Chen Ping’s fist wind was instantly shattered by the black light, smashing heavily against Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body was thrown straight into the air!
He was thrown high into the air, and then he was thrown down heavily!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s body instantly smashed the entire martial arts arena into a deep crater!
The martial arts arena had been purposely built for the competition, and the materials used were incomparably hard diamond, and there were even formations to enhance it.
But even so, a deep crater had been smashed into it!
Gritting his teeth, Chen Ping slowly stood up from the deep pit!
At this moment, Long Xiao was looking down on Chen Ping from above, just like a god!
“Hahahaha, you are no match for me at all, even if you are trying to be strong, what’s the point!”
Long Xiao had a cold smile on his face.
With that, above Long Xiao’s head, another black light flashed, like a bolt of lightning, instantly shooting out towards Chen Ping!
Long Xiao would not stop until Chen Ping died in front of his eyes!
Today’s battle was a battle of life and death, between him and Chen Ping, one of them had to die.
Seeing this, Chen Ping made a move with his right hand, and the Dragon Slashing Sword appeared in his hand!
With the power of the divine Dragon, the Dragon Cutting Sword shone brightly!
An aura emanated from Chen Ping’s hand, lingering on the body of the Dragon Cutting Sword!
Seemingly sensing Chen Ping’s dangerous situation, the Dragon Cutting Sword kept emitting a humming sound above it!
“Nine Shadows Divine Sword, First Sword ……”
Chen Ping shouted angrily, and the terrifying sword aura instantly burst forth!
The sword mane that shot out ruthlessly collided with that black light, but it did not have the slightest effect.
It was like a moth to a flame!
After the sword mane touched the black light, it instantly dissipated into thin air.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s face turned ugly as he gritted his teeth!
“Second Sword ……”
Brush ……
Another sword maneuver shot out!
But the result was the same, the sword mane collapsed at the first touch, to no avail!
Looking at the black light that was getting closer and closer, a hellish death aura enveloped Chen Ping’s body!
Taking a deep breath, Chen Ping roared out with the Dragon Chopper in his hand!
“Ah …………”
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping took the Dragon Chopper Sword and directly met the black light!
Rumble ……
The golden gilt light and the black light instantly collided together, setting off a huge wave of Qi!
The entire martial arts arena was instantly submerged under a white glow!
Everyone, all of them, closed their eyes, unable to withstand this light at all!
The horrific rise lifted the crowd a hundred metres away from each other!
Slowly, the light dissipated and the wave of Qi disappeared!
The crowd hurriedly looked towards the martial arts arena and found that in the midst of the deep pit, Chen Ping was covered in blood, the light from his body had long since disappeared, and the dragon chopping sword was stuck beside Chen Ping!
“Dead?”
“It can’t be that easy to die, can it?”
The crowd whispered!
“Big Brother Chen …………”
Seeing this, Zhao Barging and the others rushed up like mad.
Gu Ling’er also leapt up and instantly reached Chen Ping’s side!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping …………”
Gu Ling’er kept calling out to Chen Ping, but apart from some faint breathing, Chen Ping’s eyes were tightly closed as if he didn’t know anything anymore!
“Big brother Chen, big brother Chen, wake up, you can’t die ……”
Zhao Chuang cried, a big man, in front of hundreds of people, cried out loud!
And Xiao Ru looked at the motionless Chen Ping, anger rising in her body!
Soon, Xiao Ru’s body glowed with a white light, followed by a white armour that appeared and enveloped Xiao Ru’s entire body!
A holy white light enveloped Chen Ping, as if he was healing his wounds!