“Grand Protector, this Spiritual Tree is not very tall, but none of us has ever picked a Spiritual Fruit before, and we have no experience.
Leng Yun asked the Grand Protector.
“This is also the first time I have seen this, but we can try it out by sending someone up to pick one!”
The Great Protector knew that there should be some kind of prohibition on this kind of sacred tree, and that the Spiritual Fruit was not that easy to pick, so if it really touched the prohibition, it would cost us our lives!
“Good, let’s send someone to pick one and try!”
Tong Youcai also supported the Grand Protector’s suggestion!
“You go up and pick one ……”
The Great Protector pointed towards Old Liu and then said!
This old Liu betrayed the Burning Heaven Sect, and the Grand Protector had not punished him yet, so now it was the right time to let him go and see what happened!
As soon as Old Liu heard this, his face immediately turned very ugly!
He also knew that the Spiritual Fruit could not be picked so easily.
But now that the Great Protector had spoken, he couldn’t ignore it, so Old Liu could only put his head down and start climbing up the Tong Ling tree!
A transparent wall of air flickered around Old Willow, a shield that would protect him from any damage if he did encounter anything!
In this way, Old Willow carefully reached the Spirit Tree, looking at the Spirit Fruit in front of him, Old Willow didn’t dare to reach out!
With his fingertips pinched, a red light shot out in all directions as Old Willow looked around to see if there was anything forbidden!
After checking, he found that there was no forbidden formation on the top of the tree, so he breathed a sigh of relief!
Then he slowly reached out and grabbed the Lingering Fruit!
Underneath the tree, Tong Youcai, Leng Yun and the Great Protector all looked up and watched nervously, for if Old Liu succeeded, they would not hesitate to rush up and pluck off the Spiritual Fruit!
But just as Old Liu’s hand touched the Tong Ling fruit, the fruit instantly emitted a fragrant aroma and the whole Tong Ling tree shook violently.
Old Willow almost fell off the top, clutching the tree trunk to his death, his face white with fear!
“What’s going on?”
Tong Youcai was so frightened that he rushed away and asked with a shocked face as he looked at the violently shaking Tong Ling tree.
The fierce battle just now had failed to shake the Lingering Tree, not even its leaves had moved!
But now, Old Willow had just touched the Spiritual Fruit, and the whole Tree shook violently in an instant.
“Old Willow, take the fruit down, no matter what happens!”
The Great Protector shouted at Old Willow.
No matter what happened to the tree, the Great Protector had to get the fruit first.
Hearing this, Old Willow had no choice but to reach out again, but this time with more caution and at a slower pace!
As Old Liu trembled and touched the fruit with his hand again, a strong wind suddenly hit him!
Old Willow didn’t have time to react at all, only to feel a huge suction force that instantly sucked Old Willow in!
Underneath the tree, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were so frightened that they turned their heads and ran far away!
A huge green dragon with a bloody mouth was hovering above the canopy of the tree, and the old willow had just been swallowed by this huge dragon!
The old willow was swallowed by the dragon in one gulp!
A dragon’s roar followed, and a hurricane instantly swept over the ground!
“What is this …… thing?”
The Great Protector had never seen this huge dragon before.
However, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun had seen it, and the underground entrance was opened by this huge dragon.
“This should be the beast that guards this Tong Ling tree, if we want to get the Tong Ling fruit, we have to kill this dragon ……”
Leng Yun said in a loud voice.