Chen Ping coldly looked at Bai Impermanence, reached out and grabbed it, directly grabbing Bai Impermanence’s Soul Guiding Stick, and then took it in his hand, and with both hands violently exerting force, he directly broke Bai Impermanence’s Soul Guiding Stick!
Afterwards, he kicked out, directly hitting White Impermanence’s chest, sending White Impermanence flying out!
The Black and White Impermanence both fell to the ground, looking at Chen Ping incredulously!
The two Fourth Grade Martial Gods were so unbeatable in front of Chen Ping, a tiny Martial Saint!
Now both of their weapons were all destroyed and they were also injured!
“Old Bai, today it looks like the two of us are going to fall.”
Black Impermanence said with a gloomy face!
“Even if we die, we have to pull this guy along, it looks like it’s time for the two of us to be sacrificed!”
White Impermanence said.
Saying that, White Impermanence even casually pulled out a small porcelain vase, and immediately opened the small porcelain vase, and a shocking Yin Fiendish Qi emerged from inside the small porcelain vase!
Feeling that Yin Fury Qi, Chen Ping’s brows slightly frowned, because this Yin Fury Qi brought a strong sense of crisis to Chen Ping!
Just when Chen Ping did not understand why this Yin Fiendish Qi was so shocking, he saw that Yin Fiendish Qi transformed into a silhouette, opened that bloody mouth and instantly swallowed the Black and White Irregulars!
This time, it made Chen Ping very surprised, not understanding what these two guys were up to!
“Ah …………”
Immediately after, the Black and White Irregulars began to scream in pain, the two of them were actually swallowed by the silhouette, and the two of them screamed in agony as they continued to emanate from the silhouette’s belly!
This time, Chen Ping was confused, unable to figure out what was going on!
And that Liu Rui also scared face pale, he has never seen, to their own hand also so hard!
Soon, along with the black and white screams stopped, the silhouette also began to slowly become substantial from the virtual!
Then a man with half dark and half fair skin appeared in front of Chen Ping, and this person was still naked!
“Shameless, rogue …………”
Seeing this, Liu Rui hurriedly cursed and turned her body around!
And this man in front of her strength unexpectedly jumped to a fifth grade Martial God.
Chen Ping looked at the man in front of him in surprise, not understanding what was happening, could it be that the black and white invincible had been devoured by this man and then became like this?
“Kid, you forced our brothers to be like this, today we must take your life!”
The man opened his mouth, but the voice that came out was indeed that Black Impermanence’s!
“Not bad, our brothers have merged into one just to kill you!”
White Impermanence’s voice came out of the man’s mouth again!
“Hmph, no matter what evil techniques you use, they are all rubbish in front of me, do it ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort.
After hearing this, the man let out a hoarse growl from his mouth, and like a ghost crying out, he rushed towards Chen Ping!
This time, the man’s speed was as fast as lightning, and the explosion of his breath set off a gust of tornado to attack!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not fight hard with his body, instead, he stomped his feet and his body instantly pulled up tens of metres!
The man’s fierce punch fell short, the forest behind Chen Ping was directly swept by the terrifying wind, hundreds of trees were all uprooted, forming a clearing!
Seeing that his fist fell short, the man looked up at Chen Ping in mid-air, and his body followed with a leap, followed by countless fist shadows that instantly surrounded Chen Ping!
Boom Boom Boom Boom …………
Countless fists landed on Chen Ping’s body, smashing him down from mid-air and then into the ground!
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing this, Liu Rui shouted with worry on her face!
After smashing Chen Ping into the ground, the man did not look at it for a second, but instead looked towards Liu Rui, his eyes filled with a lewd smile!