Seeing this, Chen Ping could only collect the power of the divine dragon within him!
In an instant, the dantian within Chen Ping went into seal, turning into an ordinary human being!
“Go inside ……”
The large man with a full beard said.
“Thank you, Third Elder ……”
Ge Fuhai respectfully followed the big man with a full beard and gave a salute, then led Chen Ping inside!
As soon as he entered that building court, Chen Ping smelled a faint fragrance, Chen Ping sniffed hard and then his entire brow furrowed!
As a pharmacist, Chen Ping was all too familiar with this kind of thing. This fragrance came from a kind of tree, and when this kind of tree was burnt, it would give off a faint fragrance.
But this fragrance was not used as a refreshing air, but as an embalming agent, some corpses were fumigated by this smoke to achieve embalming effect.
Chen Ping was unable to understand how a place where the grandfather of the Ge family land lived could use this kind of stuff as a spice.
But before Chen Ping could think about it, that Ge Fuhai directly knelt down and worshipped.
“My disciple pays respects to the clan elder, the man has been brought ……”
Ge Fuhai kowtowed heavily and said loudly.
Only then did Chen Ping fix his eyes to look, and found that on one of the top seats, there was actually an old man sitting, whose flowery white beard and eyebrows covered almost his entire face!
The old man looked very old, his skin was wrinkled and he was sitting on top of the seat as if he was about to die at any moment.
The old man didn’t move a muscle, as long as his eyes were shining so brightly that if he didn’t look at them, he would have thought he was a dead man!
Chen Ping looked at this Ge family’s patriarch for a moment in fascination, and did not salute!
“Mr. Chen, hurry up and bow ……” Ge Fuhai looked at Chen Ping and said anxiously, “You are now considered a member of the Ge family, not bowing when you see the clan elder, that is a crime against the Lord!”
But Chen Ping didn’t kneel, because he wasn’t a member of the Ge family, and he wasn’t in the habit of kneeling to people!
“Good day, Clan Elder!”
Chen Ping simply clasped his fist.
This time, Ge Fuhai’s forehead broke into cold sweat, he was afraid that the Clan Elder would be angry!
But who knew that the clan elder was not angry, but said indifferently, “You guys sit down ……”
Ge Fuhai froze for a moment, because he had never sat down in front of the clan elder before, he had always knelt down.
Why was it that when he brought Chen Ping here today, this clan elder was so polite and even let them sit down?
Chen Ping was not polite either, but walked towards a chair to the side and sat down.
But Ge Fuhai didn’t dare, and remained on his knees!
“Watch the tea ……”
The clan elder commanded.
At this time, from inside a side room, a woman dressed in a white dress came out, the woman’s face could be described as heavenly, like a fairy in the sky.
The only thing was that her face was very pale and she did not have the slightest breath, just like a walking corpse!
With modest steps, the woman walked step by step in front of Chen Ping, bowed slightly and put the tea in front of him!
Chen Ping looked at the woman’s face and his whole body was thrown into great confusion!
It was because he could not sense a single trace of a living person from this woman’s body.
“Could this woman be a puppet corpse?”
Chen Ping thought in his heart as his scalp began to tingle!
If that was the case, then this Ge family land was not a good place to be, I was afraid.
Just as the woman turned around, Chen Ping pretended to touch the woman’s hand inadvertently.
The hand was cold, without the slightest warmth, and Chen Ping could conclude that the woman was a corpse!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s breathing began to become rapid.
Now that his strength was sealed, he was completely a fish at the mercy of others, without the slightest ability to resist.
Gently picking up his tea, Chen Ping’s hands trembled slightly.
He had never been so nervous before.