Although Luo Shouhai followed that Cheng Jing would be very discordant, but if this kind of thing was known by Luo Shouhai, he was afraid that it would be very difficult for him to bear it!
After hesitating for a moment, Chen Ping finally clenched his teeth and decided to tell Luo Shouhai the truth!
After all, those disciples of the Blood Spirit Valley had been massacred, and Luo Shouhai, as a master, was qualified to know what the truth was!
“Master Luo Gu, I know who massacred Blood Spirit Valley!”
Chen Ping slowly said!
“Who was it?”
Upon hearing this, Luo Shouhai hurriedly widened his eyes and asked eagerly!
Luo Xi and Jin Dong were also both staring at Chen Ping with dead eyes, especially Jin Dong, his fists were clenched tightly, as long as Chen Ping said it, maybe he would immediately run to take revenge!
“It was the Blood Spirit Peak, that senior brother of yours who did this ……”
Chen Ping said!
“It was him? How could it be him?”
Luo Shouhai was shocked, his face full of don’t believe it!
Even Luo Xi and Jin Dong had shocked faces and could not believe it at all!
One must know that Cheng Jinghui was once a member of the Blood Spirit Valley, and many of the disciples in this Blood Spirit Valley were also acquainted with Cheng Jinghui!
Even if Cheng Jinghui had opinions and followed Luo Shouhai, he wouldn’t be heartless enough to slaughter the Blood Spirit Valley!
“Mr Chen, how is this possible, even if he hated Blood Spirit Valley, he couldn’t have done this? How do you know about this?”
Jin Dong asked as he looked at Chen Ping in disbelief!
After all, this kind of thing cannot be wrong!
“I saw it with my own eyes, with my own eyes, I saw the people from the Blood Spirit Peak slaughtering the Blood Spirit Valley.”
“Just now, I opened my time magic weapon and used time rewind to see everything that happened at that time!”
Chen Ping said truthfully!
“This …………”
Jin Dong did not know how to retort.
Luo Shouhai, on the other hand, was frowning, he believed that Chen Ping would not lie to him, but he could not believe that his senior brother would really do such a thing!
“Mr Chen, you saw the scene at that time using the time magic weapon, is it possible that it was just a dream?”
“No matter how bad Senior Uncle is, he wouldn’t dare to do such a thing, right?”Luo Xi also couldn’t believe that this was something Cheng Jing would do!
“It’s also possible that it was a dream, I can’t tell the difference somewhat!”
Chen Ping could only explain after hearing this!
However, Chen Ping knew that he that was not a dream, he must have seen the scene at that time!
Only now that Luo Shouhai and the others were unwilling to believe it, Chen Ping had no way to confirm it!
He had just used that Time Spell to go back in time, and now there was no way to cast it again, and it would take some time before he could do it again!
“Regardless of whether it’s a dream or real, it looks like I’ll have to make a trip up to the Blood Spirit Peak and question that Cheng Jinghui face to face.”
“If it’s really him, I’ll definitely break him into pieces and make the entire Blood Spirit Peak disappear completely!”
Luo Shouhai said with a hideous face!
“Valley Master Luo, I will accompany you, and when the time comes, I can follow that Cheng Jing will confront him.”
Chen Ping knew that that Cheng Jing Hui would definitely not admit it, and after Chen Ping went, he could use the scene he saw to confront him!
Moreover, if Luo Shouhai went by himself, Cheng Jinghui might even trap Luo Shouhai!
He didn’t have any feelings left when he even dared to slaughter all the people of the Blood Spirit Valley, so he would definitely take action against Luo Shouhai as well!
“Alright, thank you Mr Chen.”
Luo Shouhai nodded!
Chen Ping called on the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder to join him, after all, with the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s current strength, it would be no problem to deal with Cheng Jinghui!
As for Bai Qian and the girls, Chen Ping had them stay in the Blood Spirit Valley!
Now that the Soulless Hall Song Tian Hai and the others were in the Blood Spirit Valley, Bai Shao and the girls stayed behind as well, which was considered a kind of surveillance for the Soulless Hall!
As the saying goes, you can’t do harm to others, but you can’t do nothing to prevent them!
If Song Tian Hai leaked out the news that Chen Ping was in Blood Spirit Valley, then Blood Spirit Valley would have to suffer another calamity!