A demon beast showed its fangs and flew after Chen Ping, who, in his desperation, put his fingers together and flashed a dazzling golden light on his fingertips!
The golden light shot out instantly and did not dissipate in the water, but penetrated the beast’s body in the blink of an eye.
Chen Ping instantly realised that in this water, the only way to resist the resistance of the sea was to gather spiritual energy in one place.
With a wail, the beast’s body began to fall!
Chen Ping hurriedly stepped forward and punched the beast into its body, then took out a beast pill and put it directly into his ring!
With this kill, Chen Ping had confidence in his heart, then he slowly raised his hand to look at the demon beasts rushing past, and a powerful Qi formed at his fingertips!
Facing a demonic beast, Chen Ping waved his finger and several powerful qi shot out!
Poof poof poof …………
With the sharp jingles, the beast’s body was instantly pierced through and blood gushed out, turning the water red!
Roar!
Seeing their companions killed, the other beasts roared and opened their bloody mouths to rush towards Chen Ping!
There was no fear in Chen Ping’s face towards these beasts, only excitement!
These are the best resources for cultivation!
But just as Chen Ping was about to strike again to kill the beasts, a low sound resonated in the water, like the sound of a drum, sending ripples through the water!
When they heard the sound, they all turned around and swam in one direction, ignoring Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was a bit surprised, could it be that these beasts were really controlled by someone?
After taking out the animal pellets he had just killed, Chen Ping chased after the beasts!
Chen Ping himself didn’t know how long he had been swimming, but soon an island appeared in front of his face, with green trees and birds and flowers!
When they reached the island, they all stopped and started circling around the island!
Chen Ping didn’t care about the beasts, he wanted to go up to the island to see if it was the fishing island that Liu Xing was talking about, to see if there were old monsters living up there!
But just as Chen Ping was about to go ashore, he suddenly felt his body lighten, and then his whole body rushed from the sea into mid-air, and then his body fell directly towards the island!
Chen Ping panicked because he knew that he had not used any spiritual power, but someone was controlling his body, his body was not under control at all, and he was carried out of the sea!
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body hit the ground with a heavy thud, smashing the ground into a deep crater!
When Chen Ping slowly climbed up, he found that Hu Ma Zi and the others were also on the island!
“Master Hu, why are you here too?”
Chen Ping asked Hu Puzi in disbelief!
But Hu Puzi didn’t say anything, he just kept winking at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping followed Hu Puzi’s wink and found an old man with white hair, fishing on a big rock!
“I wanted to catch a fish, but I didn’t want to catch a man. ……”
The old man turned his back on Chen Ping and slowly opened his mouth!
The old man was not able to control his body, so it was no wonder that he was not able to control his body.
“Senior, do you know what this place is? We are just pa*sing by, we don’t mean to offend ……”
Chen Ping took a few steps forward and spoke to the old man.
If the old man was just an ordinary person, how could he have fished himself out of the sea? -The old man was staring at the sea as if he could not hear or see!