“Mr Chen, this is just carved jade, how could it possibly move?”
Ji Yun asked!
“Yeah, it’s fake, the pointer won’t move.”
Jin Dong also said!
“Master, are you blind, or do you have a fever?”
The fire phoenix used that small white and delicate hand to gently touch Chen Ping’s forehead “There’s no fever either ah ……”
Chen Ping was sure that he was definitely not blind, but now no matter what he did, the clock was still the same, and the hands did not move!
“This fellow Daoist, if you’re not going to buy it, please also put the clock down for me!”
The big man with a fluffy face spoke!
“I’ll buy it ……”
Chen Ping finished and looked at Ji Yun “Give him the spirit coins ……”
“Mr Chen, this clock is just an ordinary jade carving, it’s not worth the price at all, don’t don’t cheat.”
“Some fakes are often sold here as well, you’d better look closer.”
Luo Xi opened her mouth and said!
She was afraid that Chen Ping would be cheated here, and when the time came for Luo Shouhai to find out, he would definitely blame her and Jin Dong!
After all, this was the land of demonic cultivators, and the two of them had brought Chen Ping around and still let him get cheated!
“No harm done, even 100,000 spirit coins for a pendulum is worth it ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Although Chen Ping did not know what was odd about this clock, he always felt that it was by no means as ordinary as seeing it!
So he wanted to buy it first and then go back to study it slowly!
But just as Ji Yun was about to give the money, a voice suddenly rang out!
“I’ll take this clock ……”
Not far away from Chen Ping and the others, several youthful magical corrections came towards this side, with one of the youths at the head having a scar on his forehead!
“Liu Xueyi, what are you doing running here?”
Seeing the visitor, Jin Dong frowned slightly and said with a look of disgust!
“Jin Dong, only your Blood Spirit Valley’s people are allowed to come, but not our Blood Spirit Peak’s?”
Liu Xueyi said with a cold smile on his face!
Jin Dong coldly glanced at that Liu Xueyi and didn’t say anything, while that Liu Xueyi was looking at Luo Xi with a teasing look in his eyes, “Junior sister, do you see anything you like here, if you like it, senior brother will buy it for you ……”
Luo Xi blankly glanced at Liu Xueyi and snorted coldly without saying anything!
Liu Xueyi did not get angry at Luo Xi’s attitude, but looked towards the man who bought the item and said “I’ll take this broken clock, it’s not just 100,000 spirit coins.”
After saying that, Liu Xueyi took out the spirit coins and threw them in front of the big man, followed by reaching out to take the clock from Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping dodged, allowing that Liu Xueyi to grab an empty hand!
“There has to be a first come first served for buying things, I have already bought this clock ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at that Liu Xueyi unhappily!
Liu Xueyi froze, then sneered “You bought it? Did you pay for it? Besides, you a small human cultivator, also dare to follow me to rob things ah, is not want to live ……”
Liu Xueyi intimidated at Chen Ping, this was the Heavenly Demon Mountain, demonic cultivators were in power, that was why he was so rampant!
If he left the Heavenly Demon Mountain, this guy would probably be so scared that he would hide the aura on his body!
“Liu Xueyi, this is Mr Chen, you’d better show some respect or you’ll get into trouble.”
Jin Dong reminded Liu Xueyi!
Jin Dong was aware of Chen Ping’s strength, this Liu Xueyi was no match at all!
When Liu Xueyi heard this, he laughed “Jin Dong, you are not sick in the head, are you? This guy looks like he just stepped into the Transition Realm, and this is still in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, you are afraid of a small cultivator who just stepped into the Transition Realm?”
“You’ve also disgraced your Blood Spirit Valley too much, and it’s not your own person you’ve disgraced, but the face of our entire Demon Race.”
In Liu Xueyi’s opinion, Chen Ping was nothing more than a minor cultivator who had just stepped into the Transition Realm, and the Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix beside him were only at the Harmonisation Realm, so there was nothing to be afraid of at all!