“Mr Chen, the Purple Flame Sect of the Central Region also cultivates fire techniques, and in the entire Celestial Realm, their Purple Flame Sect’s fire techniques should all be the strongest.”
“Moreover, this Purple Flame Sect is located at the very centre of the Celestial Realm, where it is hot all year round and surrounded by deserts, making it even more suitable for cultivating fire techniques, and they may know of the Fusion to Fire technique.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder followed Chen Ping and said!
“Purple Flame Sect?”
Chen Ping had not heard of this sect and was not familiar with following the Purple Flame Sect, so if he rashly went to ask someone about their gong methods, would they tell?
“Mr Chen, we can go to the Ji Family and find my eldest uncle to ask ah, perhaps my eldest uncle has a friendship following this Purple Flame Sect!”
Ji Yun saw Chen Ping’s dilemma and said!
When Chen Ping heard this, his eyes instantly lit up, he had actually forgotten about the Ji Family!
However, as soon as he thought of going to the Ji family, Chen Ping remembered the two sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling!
After all, sleeping with sisters and flowers, Chen Ping that was still the first time!
“Go to what Ji family, just ask me, I know an elder of the Purple Flame Sect.”
At this time, Bai Qian spoke!
“How do you know them?”Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Mr Chen, this Fox Emperor’s daughter can be in the Central Domain, is also famous, the entire Central Domain, who does not know Hu Huangcheng ah.”
The Monkey King said from the side!
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately looked at Bai Shao with surprise, “You are in the Central Domain?”
“Of course, otherwise you think that several of us are in the Southern Domain?Just this place in the Southern Domain, it can’t fit five of our three emperors and four kings.”
Bai Shallow said with a smile!
When Chen Ping thought about it, he was right, although the Southern Domain was large, having five of the three kings and four kings in the Beast Race in the Southern Domain would inevitably cause disputes.
In the Northern Domain, Yihe followed that Knight King who only had two Beast Race forces and had to fight in secret!
“Good, then let’s leave now before it’s too late!”
Chen Ping nodded and said!
After following the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master to say goodbye, Chen Ping and the others left in the blimp!
Then along the way, the dirigible sent all the people back!
All the way to the Blood Spirit Valley, Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man and Song Tianhai and the others got off the blimp.
There were only four people left on the blimp, Chen Ping, Fire Phoenix, Bai Qian and Ji Yun!
Looking at the stretching Heavenly Demon Mountain, Chen Ping was also filled with emotions!
This trip to the Heavenly Demon Mountain was very rewarding for Chen Ping!
Not only had their strength risen to the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, but they had also harvested the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast, as well as the remnants of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s great demonic soul!
There is also the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit, the Infinite Order, sensed the Time Origin, and learnt the Royal Fire Steps …………
Even more so, they knew the news of the Blood Demon, Wind Demon and Yin Demon!
The zeppelin moved further and further away, and soon the Heavenly Demon Mountain was submerged in the white mist!
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with reluctance!
“Master, seeing as you’re so unhappy, is it because you can’t let go of that Palace Master of yours?”
“By the looks of it, you two haven’t slept yet, isn’t it true that those who haven’t slept, miss the most in their hearts?”
The fire phoenix looked at Chen Ping’s look and went up to him and said snidely!
“I think it’s because I miss that Jia Hui sister, I didn’t see that Sheng Jia Hui crying her eyes out when she left.”
Bai Qian also chimed in!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, glanced at Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix and said with a faint smile, “What?You two are jealous?”
“Bah, who is jealous ah, you have so many women, if you were jealous, you would have died of acid already.”
Bai Shao rolled her eyes!
Chen Ping then pulled up Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix as he walked into the room within the airship!
Inside the room, scuffling sounds soon came out.
Ji Yun was piloting the blimp and had already seen it all!
After all, the blimp had to fly for two days and two nights to reach Hu Huang City, and for such a long time, it would be impossible to make Chen Ping indifferent to the two beauties!
It wasn’t until the airship reached the sky above Hu Huang City that Chen Ping followed Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix out of the room!
One could only say that Chen Ping was too strong!