As they went deeper and deeper, an increasingly powerful aura kept coming from all around, which made even Chen Ping’s brow furrow!
But just as the crowd had gone a short distance, suddenly Jin Yuan raised his hand, making the crowd stop!
He then gave a wink to his men and soon one of them nodded and quickly leapt up and weaved through the canopy of trees!
Within a short while, the henchman was back!
“My lord, there are a dozen people up ahead, they should be from other secret realms, I didn’t get a good look because I didn’t dare to get too close!”
The subordinate reported!
“Then let’s go around the road and leave them alone!”
Jin Yuan intended to take a detour, he didn’t want to follow the people from the other secret realms and start a conflict at this time!
Compared to just arriving here and not getting any beast pills yet, if we start a conflict and have damage, it’s too not worth it!
“I’m afraid it’s too late ……”
At this time, Chen Ping slowly spoke!
Jin Yuan froze, and the next thing he knew, a dozen auras surrounded them, directly encircling them!
Chen Ping looked a little surprised when he saw the people coming, because the person coming Chen Ping knew was none other than Lv Factory who he had met once on that Penglai Island!
Lv Factory also saw Chen Ping, with a bit of surprise in his expression, he didn’t expect how Chen Ping could appear in this place!
One must know that this was a resource place belonging to the Eight Great Mystic Realms, and only people from the Eight Great Mystic Realms could enter!
And Chen Ping was only from the Secular Realm, but he had come to the Demonic Beast Secret Realm, which made Lv Factory very surprised!
“So it’s Grand Duke Lu of the Ruined Moon Fort, I didn’t expect that the Demon Beast Secret Realm had just opened and you had brought someone here to hunt demon beasts!”
After Jin Yuan saw Lv Fang, he respectfully arched his hand and said in greeting!
“Isn’t Grand Duke Jin the same, can’t wait to come!”
Lv Factory said with a cold smile.
“I’ve just arrived, I haven’t encountered any demonic beasts yet, I wonder what Grand Duke Lu has gained?”
Jin Yuan asked.
Lv Factory then shook his head, “I’ve just arrived too, I haven’t even gotten a single beast pill yet.”
“If that’s the case, then why don’t we go together, so many years have pa*sed, we don’t know how much the demonic beasts in this demonic beast secret realm have grown, if we join forces, we can still deal with high-level demonic beasts if we encounter them!”
Jin Yuan took the initiative to follow Lv Fang and offered to go with him!
After all, this mysterious realm of demonic beasts had been sealed for so many years, no one knew what kind of danger there would be, and Jin Yuan himself knew the crisis of this demonic beast mountain range!
Lv Factory hesitated, but after looking at Chen Ping, he nodded and said, “Yes, but let’s say in advance, the beast pills we get, we have to split them 50/50!”
“No problem, if we join forces, we might be able to hunt down a few high level demonic beasts!”
With a smile, Jin Yuan agreed painfully!
This time, the group grew considerably, while Lv Factory approached Chen Ping seemingly at random!
Chen Ping took a look at this Lv Factory and found that at this moment, Lv Factory’s strength was quite a bit higher than when he was on Penglai Island, and his entire essence was different!
It could be seen that in the secular world, the suppression of the laws of heaven and earth was still very severe!
“Duke Lu ……”
Hou Zhen hurriedly greeted when he saw Lu Factory walking over!
Lv Factory only nodded slightly, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “I didn’t expect you to appear here, what a bit of a surprise!”
“I was equally surprised to see you here ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly!
This made Hou Zhen, who was at the side, shocked, “Mr. Chen, you know Lord Lu after him?”
“En, I’ve just met him once before!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
“I’m curious, how did a casual practitioner from the secular world, you, qualify to enter this Demonic Beast Secret Realm?”
Factory Lu asked in a very puzzled manner.
“Grand Duke Lu, Mr. Chen is now a member of our Ge family, so of course he is qualified to enter the Demonic Beast Secret Realm.”
At this moment, Ge Yuhan spoke up!
Factory Lu glanced at Ge Yuhan and just smiled faintly, not saying anything!