Xiao Yuanshan saw that that Tenth Highness had actually blown away Zuo Tianzheng and the others, but inwardly, he became even more nervous!
This was enough to prove that this Tenth Highness in front of him had enough confidence in his own strength!
Xiao Yuanshan’s face was very ugly, if the fight continued, he knew that he would definitely lose his ability to resist within three moves!
Moreover, listening to that 10th Highness talking about the cat and mouse game, it can also be proved that this 10th Highness is intentionally teasing them!
He should not have used his full strength, if he had used his full strength, Xiao Yuanshan did not know if he could be the opponent’s enemy in one move.
But now, the only person who could deal with the Tenth Highness in front of him was himself!
Seemingly seeing Xiao Yuanshan’s difficulty, the eighteen generals kneeling on the ground glanced at each other before saying in unison, “Emperor Xiao, we are determined to die for our country to ensure that my Xiao Dynasty will last for generations to come. ……”
After saying that, the eighteen generals unexpectedly took out their swords in unison and swung them towards their necks!
Eighteen heads fell, and a white aura emerged from the bodies of the eighteen generals before rising straight into the clouds!
Before Xiao Yuanshan could say anything, more than a hundred thousand generals also all suddenly fell to their knees and loudly shouted, “We are determined to die for our country to protect the spring and autumn of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty for ten thousand generations ……”
After saying that, the hundred thousand or so generals also all waved their swords and chopped off their own heads without the slightest hesitation!
Countless breaths rushed towards the clouds, and these breaths were in mid-air, merging and then forming a terrifying pressure!
The Tenth Highness looked at what was in front of him, and a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was somewhat dumbfounded as he looked at this scene, this was the first time he had encountered something so tragic!
The other people who still survived in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were also deeply stimulated, and their fighting spirit, which was slowly wearing down, reached its peak at this moment!
Xiao Yuanshan looked at the corpses on the ground, those were the generals under him!
Xiao Yuanshan, who should have been grieving, suddenly smiled at this moment!
Only that smile looked so sad!
Xiao Feng and Xiao Jian’s eyes were also filled with rage, and the breath in their bodies was expanding!
It looked like both of them were planning to self-destruct at any time!
The Emperor’s son exploded himself, I’m afraid that this is really the moment when the Xiao Imperial Dynasty will be destroyed!
“Hahaha …… hahahaha …………”
Xiao Yuanshan tilted his head and laughed as his body unexpectedly slowly disappeared and then appeared in mid-air!
Xiao Yuanshan’s body followed the divine soul breaths of more than a hundred thousand generals and soldiers and fused them together!
A golden light engulfed Xiao Yuanshan and his figure could not be seen in mid-air!
But soon, a figure walked out from the golden light!
At this time, Xiao Yuanshan, however, had long since become much older, and his hair had become white with an old look!
Only that pair of eyes, carried a strong anger, and there was even an invisible pressure on his body!
“Father …………”
Seeing this, Xiao Feng and Xiao Jian hurriedly shouted.
Xiao Yuanshan did not pay any attention to them, but instead took one step towards the Tenth Highness!
With each step, the void boiled like boiling water!
The current Xiao Yuanshan was no longer himself, but was the divine soul amalgamation of over a hundred thousand generals!
Zuo Tianzheng, who was a hundred miles away, looked at Xiao Yuanshan in front of him and actually had a few scornful looks!
He was secretly glad that he had not brought anyone to attack the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
If this Ten Highnesses had not stepped forward, Zuo Tianzheng knew that their Demon Sealing Alliance would never be a match for the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
In terms of the will to fight alone, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty would have killed the Demon Sealing Alliance in seconds!
What kind of will and determination is it for more than 100,000 soldiers to sacrifice their souls?
Zuo Tianzheng knew that no one from the Demon Sealing Alliance would do such a determined thing, even if the Demon Sealing Alliance was destroyed, no one would be willing to sacrifice their souls.
This is the gap, this is the gap between an alliance organisation following an imperial dynasty!
Similarly, this was the power of faith, the generals and subjects of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had faith!