Just by listening to that scream alone, one could appreciate the pain the man was in at that moment!
Yumiko and Watanabe Fumio’s faces both changed, and their hearts trembled along with them.
Looking at Chen Ping’s bland look, it was as if the man screaming next to him had nothing to do with him!
“Watanabe Fumio, how dare you, knowing that it was one of my men, you still dare to make a move ……”
At that moment, a delicate cry rang out!
Watanabe Fumio’s heart trembled as he heard it, it was Mieko’s voice!
Only at this moment, he could not see where Miezi was at all, he could only hear her voice but not her person.
And those guards of the Watanabe family began to inexplicably and suddenly fall to the ground dead, and all with a long wound on their necks!
That one made Watanabe Fumio become very alarmed!
Because he heard that voice, Mieko was very close to him, but he couldn’t see that Mieko at all!
This, coupled with the fact that his men kept falling to the ground and dying inexplicably, made Watanabe Fumio’s face turn very ugly!
“Hmph, pretending to be a ghost ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly and casually waved his hand!
Pop …………
With a crisp sound, just a short distance in front of Watanabe Fumio, Mieko’s form instantly appeared, one hand covering her red and swollen face as she looked at Chen Ping angrily!
“You are that Chen Ping, you really have two skills, no wonder you were able to kill that Chishikawa with one sword ……”
Miezi’s eyes were slightly glued, full of murderous aura as she said.
“Not only can I kill that Thousand Island Chuan with one sword, I can also kill you with the same sword ……”
Chen Ping slowly got up.
Chen Ping, who had been promoted to Martial Saint, was filled with immense confidence at this moment!
When Miezi felt the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, she couldn’t help but take two steps backwards!
And as Chen Ping’s body shook slightly, a majestic aura instantly enveloped the entire villa area!
Soon, one by one, the ninjas were forced to reveal their forms, and under the pressure of Chen Ping’s aura, each of these ninjas knelt down on one knee, their faces turning very ugly!
Seeing this scene, Mieko’s expression became somewhat terrified, with a hint of fear in her eyes!
The strength Chen Ping was displaying at this moment was beyond her imagination!
“Humph, a mere sick man from East Asia from Daxia dares to spill his guts in my island ……”
With a cold snort, an equally ma*sive aura instantly followed Chen Ping’s and collided into each other!
At this, Mieko and those of her men felt a sudden relief of pressure and all stood up!
Only to see a middle-aged man wearing a samurai uniform, his hands clasped to his chest, and a samurai sword in his hand, slowly step into the courtyard of the villa!
“Tanaka Maki?”
Seeing the visitor, Watanabe Fumio’s pupils snapped shut and the expression on his face became unnatural!
Yumiko, on the other hand, leaned over Chen Ping and said, “Master, this man is called Tanaka Maki, he is a top three ranked expert in the island’s kendo, quite a bit more powerful than that Chishikawa ……”
Although Yumiko was only a student, she nevertheless knew this Tanaka Maki very well, so it could be seen how high this Tanaka Maki was known in the island country.
Tanaka Maki walked towards Chen Ping with an expressionless face and stopped only a few meters away from Chen Ping!
He looked Chen Ping up and down twice and said, “You are the one who killed Chishima Chuan?”
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded indifferently!
It was as if killing Thousand Island Chuan was too much of a common thing for Chen Ping!
“Since you were able to seal Thousand Island River’s throat with a single sword, that proves that you are good at swordplay, show your weapon.”
Tanaka Maki slowly drew his katana!
But Chen Ping shook his head, “No, my swordsmanship is not good, I can only say that that Chishimagawa’s swordsmanship is too bad.”
“Such lousy swordsmanship, how can you still call yourself a master in your island country ……”
“It seems that your island’s kendo is no better than that.”
“Hmph …………”
Chen Ping’s final sneer was filled with disdain and mockery!
It instantly brought a look of anger to Tanaka Maki’s bland face!