Such a great commotion caused even that butler, Uncle Zhong, to come out from inside the room.
More than ten people surrounded Chen Ping, each one a Martial Sect with a strong aura!
Uncle Zhong took a look at Chen Ping and said with a slight frown, “Who are you? Why are you barging into my manor in the middle of the night?”
“D*mn it, why are they all saying the same thing?” Chen Ping cursed angrily, “Tell Gu Kaiyuan to get out, and say that I, Chen Ping, have come to settle accounts with him.”
As soon as he heard the word Chen Ping, Uncle Zhong’s face changed in a swish.
He did not expect that Chen Ping, whom Gu Kaiyuan had been afraid of, had already arrived.
“Our family lord is not at the manor, you have not come at the right time ……”
Uncle Zhong said to Chen Ping.
“It’s not up to you to say whether he’s there or not, I’ll have to find out for myself ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and was about to enter the villa to find out!
“Stop him ……” Uncle Zhong frowned.
A dozen bodyguards surrounded Chen Ping and struck in an instant.
These were all high priced martial arts clans, a dozen of them, even if Chen Ping was powerful, a dozen of them would always be able to deal with him, right?
But soon, Uncle Zhong was dumbfounded.
Because he saw that the dozen or so Martial Sect experts he had paid a high price for were no better than ants in front of Chen Ping.
With just a wave of Chen Ping’s hands, several of them instantly fell to the ground!
The dozen or so Martial Arts experts were unable to survive three moves by Chen Ping’s hands, and all of them fell to the ground, unable to get up.
Uncle Zhong turned around and tried to run, but Chen Ping reached out and picked him up.
“Where is Gu Kaiyuan?”
Chen Ping asked to the butler, Zhong Bo.
“The family head …… family head …… he is inside …….”
Butler Zhong Bo said as he pointed to the villa in front of him.
Chen Ping glanced at the villa and casually tossed Butler Zhong Bo aside, followed by a wave of divine dragon power encircling the palm of his right hand, and a golden light began to shine above Chen Ping’s palm!
“Get the hell out of …………”
Taking a deep breath, Chen Ping roared, followed by a palm swing towards the villa.
Rumble …………
This palm instantly erupted with a tornado-like force, collapsing half of the villa in front of him.
Gu Kaiyuan, who was originally sleeping inside his room, woke up to the sound of the rumbling collapse.
As an eighth-grade Martial Sect, Gu Kaiyuan certainly could not have been easily smashed to death, but when he came out from inside the room, he was in a very sorry state with a dusty face.
“You’ve finally given up and come out?”
Chen Ping looked at the wretched Gu Kaiyuan and said coldly.
Gu Kaiyuan took a look at the bodyguards lying on the ground and couldn’t help but gulp, “So it’s Mr. Chen, you came to Xichuan without telling me so that I could receive you for Mr. Chen ……”
“Gu Kaiyuan, no need to get close to me, you know what I’m here for.”
Chen Ping didn’t expect this guy Gu Kaiyuan to be so thick-skinned, he even followed him to get close!
“Mr. Chen, I really don’t know, you have injured my people and demolished my house since you came here, making me a bit confused even now!”
Gu Kaiyuan said with an act of aggravation.
“F*ck, you’re pretending with me aren’t you?”
Chen Ping was furious and stepped forward and swung a punch towards Gu Kaiyuan.
This punch directly hit Gu Kaiyuan’s body, and Gu Kaiyuan stomped back several steps!
If he had not wanted Gu Kaiyuan to cure Gu Ling’er’s poison, Chen Ping would have killed Gu Kaiyuan with this punch.
“Mr. Chen, I’m really not pretending, I know it was a misunderstanding when I was at Dragon Lock Island, and it was all because Ning Zhi asked me to do it, I have no grudge against Mr. Chen, don’t I?”
Although Gu Kaiyuan had been punched, he still forced himself to laugh.
When Chen Ping looked at Gu Kaiyuan like this, he admired this guy a little, being the King of the Northwest, he was able to hold back such anger.
“No grievances or grudges? My girlfriend is still in a coma, when you poisoned us, why didn’t you say there was no injustice and no hatred?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Gu Kaiyuan with icy eyes.