After about an hour or so of travelling forward, he finally saw the end of the rift, and only then did Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief and collected his divine sense slightly.
After all, it was an unknown route and there was no telling what dangers there would be, Chen Ping had been holding his breath at the front!
As for the Holy Maiden and the others at the back, they were all in a rather low mood, especially Bing Lu, who always felt that he had killed the two sisters!
“Passing through this rift, we are even closer to the Land of Chaos, everyone must be vigilant, if we are accidentally sucked into the Land of Chaos, it is certain death!”
Chen Ping said to the many Saint Maidens!
“Obey!” This time, all the Saint Maidens obeyed Chen Ping’s words!
“Bing Lu, you should not be blaming yourself, you must pull yourself together, the mission of the development of Guanghan Palace is all on your shoulders, I cannot help you for the rest of your life, you must carry your own responsibilities!”
Seeing Binglu’s somewhat dishevelled appearance, Chen Ping exhorted!
“Mr Chen, I understand!”
Bing Lu nodded!
The group of people bypassed the huge crack, not far away was the twisted space, the chaotic world, all of them were a bit wary!
Chen Ping remained in front and began to retrace his steps back!
Those thousands of Pole Stones, they had to get their hands on them!
“Pole Stones …………”
Suddenly a Holy Maiden shouted out and ran towards the Pole Stone!
The crowd saw that there were hundreds of Pole Stones not far away, as if they were blooming flowers, blossoming with lustre on the thick snow!
“The closer we are to the chaos, the more pole stones there are, it’s really like this ……”
Ice Dew lamented!
“Don’t get close ……”
Chen Ping turned around and roared at that holy maiden!
However, it was already too late, that Holy Maiden had already run in front of the Extreme Stone and excitedly began to load the Extreme Stone into her storage bag!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body instantly flashed towards that Holy Maiden!
But along with a surge of chaotic space, a huge suction force directly sucked that holy maiden into it!
That holy maiden didn’t even have time to cry out before she disappeared into the chaotic space, never moving a single bit again!
The crowd stared at this scene in disbelief, all of them dumbfounded!
One must know that just now, that pole stone was not very far away from them, it was only slightly closer before it was sucked into the chaotic space!
So it seemed that where they were at the moment, they were afraid that it wasn’t safe either!
“I’m reiterating once again, no one is allowed to run around casually, even if they see an Extreme Stone, they are not allowed to take it!”
Chen Ping helplessly ordered the many Saint Maidens once again!
Without encountering enemies or demonic beasts, three people had been lost first, this was too great a loss!
Chen Ping continued to walk, with the numerous Saint Maidens following behind, entering into the chaos space, one would surely die, and no one would be able to save them!
Looking at Chen Ping, they reached the place where the thousands of extreme stones were!
“Ow…………”
Suddenly, a roar caused the crowd to stop instantly!
Only to see a snow wolf with white fur drilling out from somewhere, blue eyes, staring viciously at Chen Ping and the others!
The breath of these snow wolves rose all over their bodies, their hairs standing up at the roots, sending out bursts of threats at Chen Ping and the others!
There were dozens of snow wolves, white in colour!
The Snow Bear Monster that Chen Ping was sitting on became restless, and in the end, it even shook Chen Ping down and ran away!
It seemed that this Snow Bear Monster was also very scornful of the Snow Wolves!
Especially the dozens of snow wolves, these wolves were all pack animals, so they worked together very well!
“Strange, this snow wolf is exactly the same as the one I saw above the snow plains in the Northern Region, could it be that this kind of demonic beast is found in both the North and the South?”
Chen Ping was somewhat surprised!
He had also encountered snow wolves when he was above the Snowy Plains of the Northern Region.
The many Saint Maidens all took out their Frost Swords, and they all looked tense and on guard!