Looking at the fainted Li Tianbao, Chen Ping frowned slightly, he was able to clearly feel that this Li Tianbao intentionally did not resist and did not even make a sound.
At this moment, Chen Ping did not have the time to think too much, he took Niu Ben and quickly escaped from the City Lord’s Mansion!
Leaving the City Lord’s Mansion, Chen Ping glanced around and decided to leave from the mountain range in the west!
“Big brother, we should go north to reach Rhinoceros City the fastest ah, why do we have to lean west?”
Crazy Immortal asked in confusion!
“We came all the way from the north, those barriers are seen, one is tighter than the other.”
“And the direction to the west, because it follows Rhino City is not neighbouring, so there are fewer barriers in this direction.”
Chen Ping explained!
In fact, Chen Ping was heading west because he also wanted to take a look above that mountain range, to see that small city on the mountain range, what kind of people were there, and whether or not what he had guessed was true or not.
But just as Chen Ping and the others left the City Lord’s Mansion and headed towards the western mountain range, an ear piercing alarm suddenly sounded throughout the City Lord’s Mansion!
A single figure shot up from the City Lord’s Mansion as a large number of battle soldiers began to search for Chen Ping and their whereabouts!
“Notify all the cities and towns to guard the gates tightly, never let the few fellows from Rhinoceros City get away.”
Xie Chong looked at the unconscious Li Tianbao and roared loudly.
He did not expect that in his own territory, Chen Ping and the others would dare to save Niu Ben.
Even if they escaped from the City Lord’s Mansion, it would be impossible for them to escape from the entire Fei Hu City, with dozens of cities and towns around them, it would be absolutely impossible for them to escape.
Listening to the ear piercing alarm, Chen Ping knew that he was exposed, the other party had already noticed that Ben Niu had been rescued.
“We have to speed up!”Chen Ping said!
Crazy Fairy carried Ben Niu and the four of them raced towards the west under the glow of the night stars.
Chen Ping looked at the stars in the sky, each one of them was bright and incomparable, Chen Ping knew that when he saw the stars now, it should be the ten thousand worlds, and the earth of the secular world, should be in one of them.
Chen Ping they ran faster and faster, and did not dare to fly in the sky, because the target of flying was too big.
After leaving the City Lord’s Mansion, outside was a large plain, and there was no hiding place, but fortunately, there were hundreds of miles of spacing between the cities, giving Chen Ping and the others a breather.
If one city was next to another, Chen Ping was afraid that it would be difficult for them to rush out.
With a distance of several hundred miles, Chen Ping and his men would be able to rush through in less than an hour.
When they came to the bottom of a city, the guards guarding the city were about to question Chen Ping and the others about something when Chen Ping struck.
Brush!
With a wave of the Dragon Slashing Sword, countless sword awns fell towards the city gates like meteors!
Those guards who were defending the city did not even have time to scream, they all died under Chen Ping’s sword.
This was the effect that Chen Ping wanted, a quick battle, and not to alert the others.
If Xie Chong knew that they were coming towards the western direction, he would definitely send a large number of pursuers.
“Go ……”
After Chen Ping killed the city gate guards with a single sword strike, without hesitation, he leapt up and flew across the city!
Just like this, Chen Ping kept on beheading the city gate guards in the front, while Crazy Immortal and Bai Yi protected Ben Niu.
In a row, they rushed past several cities and pools, and at this moment, the sky was gradually brightening up.
Looking at the mountains that were getting closer and closer, Chen Ping’s heart was getting more and more nervous.
Now that the sky was brightening, it was believed that Xie Chong had also long known the direction they had fled.
It was estimated that there was a large number of pursuers coming towards them behind them now!
“I wonder how many more cities are ahead?”
Bai Yi said with a slight frown.
“Who cares, just break through as many as there are, we’ve broken through so many cities anyway.”
“This Fei Hu City is only as strong as the main city, all the other cities are rubbish.”
Crazy Immortal said.