Chen Ping picked up Guo Wei’s mobile phone and found that it was Zhu Zhishan calling.
Chen Ping gently pressed the answer button, and immediately, Zhu Zhishan’s impatient query came from the other side: “Guo Wei, how is it going? Didn’t you say that in three minutes that Chen Ping would be reduced to a pool of blood?”
“Master Zhu, I’m really sorry, I’m afraid I’ll have to disappoint you ……”
Chen Ping responded in a teasing tone.
The other side clearly froze for a while before Zhu Zhishan’s grim voice came out, “Chen Ping, where is Guo Wei? What have you done with him?”
“Don’t worry, he’s fine, you’ll be able to see him soon ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his hand exerted a slight force and the phone directly turned into powder.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping took out his own mobile phone and recorded Guo Wei kneeling on the ground, being humiliated by himself by grabbing his hair.
“Kill me, kill me …………”
Guo Wei roared, he knew what Chen Ping was going to do.
“Don’t worry, I will definitely kill you, but before I kill you, I want everyone to see how wretched you are as an alliance councilor.”
Chen Ping grabbed Guo Wei’s hair with one hand and started videoing with the other!
Guo Wei struggled desperately, not wanting to face the camera, but he simply couldn’t break free!
“Yu Qi, all those who hurt you, I will make them pay, and I will definitely save you ……”
Chen Ping said, twisting it directly with his hand!
Ka-ching …………
Guo Wei’s head was actually twisted off by Chen Ping.
Guo Wei’s eyes were wide open, dead in peace …………
…………
Inside the Martial Arts Union!
Zhu Zhishan viciously slammed his mobile phone to the ground, it was shattered to pieces!
He never thought in a million years that Guo Wei was not even a match for Chen Ping anymore.
He knew Guo Wei’s ability very well, especially the evil kung fu that Guo Wei practiced, even if he was at the same peak Martial Sect realm, Guo Wei could still be considered the best.
Now he had been defeated by Chen Ping, how was this possible!
“Alliance Master, Chen Ping is here outside ……”
Just as Zhu Zhishan was fuming, someone suddenly ran in and reported.
Zhu Zhishan was stunned, followed by a frown, “What is he doing here?”
“Lord of the Alliance, that Chen Ping said that he was sending a gift to the Lord of the Alliance!”
The man who ran in said.
“A gift?” Zhu Zhishan was a little confused, not understanding what medicine Chen Ping was selling in his gourd.
After a moment of contemplation, Zhu Zhishan walked towards the hall.
Coming to hit the hall, Zhu Zhishan saw Chen Ping carrying a wooden box and was sitting on a chair with a calm face!
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping and slowly spoke, “Chen Ping, where is Guo Wei?”
Chen Ping threw the wooden box in his hand towards Zhu Zhishan!
Zhu Zhishan took the wooden box and when he opened it, the smell of blood hit his nose!
When Zhu Zhishan saw that the wooden box contained Guo Wei’s head, he became furious!
He had never expected that Chen Ping would dare to kill Guo Wei.
At any rate, Guo Wei was also a director of the Martial Alliance, so if Chen Ping killed Guo Wei, he would be completely torn with the Martial Alliance.
“You …… dare to kill Guo Wei?”
Zhu Zhishan pointed at Chen Ping and roared.
“He is just the beginning, more people will die in your Martial Dao Alliance in the future ……”
Chen Ping looked coldly at the furious Zhu Zhishan.
“How dare you, you killed Guo Wei and still dare to come to my Martial Dao Alliance to spill your guts, today I will let you know know that my Martial Dao Alliance is not a place where you can just spill your guts ……”
The first time I saw the man, I was a little bit of a fool.
A terrifying pressure enveloped towards Chen Ping.
Clattering …………
The chairs underneath Chen Ping instantly all turned into powder, while Chen Ping’s body also seemed to be pressed down by a huge mountain.
Chen Ping’s forehead was sinewy as he gritted his teeth to resist the pressure!
Zhu Zhishan’s strength was far superior to Chen Ping’s, so this pressure was too much for Chen Ping to bear.
But there was not a trace of fear on Chen Ping’s face.