Seeing Chen Ping coming towards him, Gangzi desperately tried to get up, but the intense pain made it impossible for him to stand up, Chen Ping’s kick was just too heavy!
“What …… are you going to do? Behind me is the Red Dragon Gang, our gang leader is Feng Sihai ……”
When Gangzi saw Chen Ping’s gloomy face, he was so scared that he hurriedly brought up the Red Dragon Gang!
“Feng Sihai?” Chen Ping sneered, “If you hadn’t said you were from the Red Dragon Gang, I would have spared you, but now you don’t have a chance ……”
Chen Ping finished and stomped down, directly crushing Gangzi’s legs, even with the best medical skills it would be impossible to connect them!
“Ahh …………”
The intense pain caused Gangzi to shout desperately, rolling on the ground continuously!
Looking at Chen Ping’s ruthless and cold face, Li Dongmei was scared, her body was trembling desperately, her eyes full of panic!
As for that boss Qiu, he was also in a cold sweat, his legs trembling slightly!
Chen Ping picked up the money on the ground and gave Li Dongmei a cold glance, which directly scared Li Dongmei to the ground.
Seeing Li Dongmei’s appearance, Chen Ping sneered and walked straight into the bank and deposited the money again!
When Chen Ping returned home, he found Wang Han Han followed by Wang Chang Feng, who was still there.
Wang Han Han just wanted to ask Chen Ping about his situation, but remembered that his mother was still there, so he didn’t say anything!
“Chen Ping, where have you been? Han Han has been waiting for you for half a day, you two go out for a spin and have a good chat ……”
Tang Hongying heard that Chen Ping had returned, so she reprimanded with some dissatisfaction!
“Mom, I took care of a few things!” Chen Ping explained!
“Auntie Chen, I’m following Brother Chen Ping out for a bit of a walk ……”
Wang Han Han pulled Chen Ping and headed out, she was now eager to know how Chen Ping had managed to get rid of things!
“Good, go ahead, I’ll talk with you guys in a while, then we’ll have lunch together at my house at noon ……”
Tang Hongying nodded happily!
Chen Ping followed Wang Han Han and left, Tang Hongying said with a pleased face, “His Aunt Wang, I think these two kids are quite a good match ……”
“I think they both look good too, hahaha ……”
Wang Changfeng also laughed!
“Brother Chen Ping, those few people didn’t give you a hard time, did they? Did they beat you up?”
Walking out the door, Wang Han Han asked eagerly.
“No, you don’t need to worry about the loan sharks, it’s already fine, work well on your own in the future, I’ll go to the interview tomorrow, if I can, I’m taking you there, and in the future, when you’re looking for a boyfriend yourself, you have to shine your eyes ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and said!
Wang Han Han nodded and looked at Chen Ping with a bit of love in her eyes, only Chen Ping didn’t bother to look at her!
Chen Ping only thought of Wang Han Han as his sister and had no other thoughts, so he didn’t want Wang Han Han to get the wrong idea!
Just as Chen Ping was following Wang Han Han down the block, the phone suddenly rang, it was Su Yu Qi calling!
“Chen Ping, where have you been? Why aren’t you at Pan Long Bay Villa anymore, I asked the security guard and said that you all left?”
Su Yuqi went to Pan Long Bay to look for Chen Ping and found that he wasn’t there!
“My parents are not too used to living here, so they came back to live here, although it’s a bit shabby, but there are more neighbours in the neighbourhood, they are all acquaintances ……”
Chen Ping lied, because he didn’t know why his parents had left the Pan Long Bay Villa!
“Oh!” Su Yuqi let out an oh, obviously a little lost.
After chatting a few more words, Chen Ping hung up the phone!
“Brother Chen Ping, is that your girlfriend?”
Wang Han Han asked in a whisper after Chen Ping hung up the phone.
Chen Ping was stunned, not knowing how to answer Wang Han Han, whether Su Yu Qi was now considered his girlfriend or not, Chen Ping himself didn’t even know, after all, the two of them hadn’t formally established a relationship yet!