“Brother, wait …………”
Ji Mei Zhen hurriedly chased after him.
Seeing this, Qin Jingyu could only chase after her as well!
The three people had just moved forward a short while before the sounds of fighting in front of them became clearer and clearer!
And at this moment, Chen Ping was killing those Origin Illusionary Beasts, and with every Origin Illusionary Beast killed, that Origin Breath surged into Chen Ping’s body, causing the stars within Chen Ping’s Origin Space to become brighter and brighter!
But just as Chen Ping was killing with vigour, he suddenly sensed someone approaching, so he frowned and his body instantly rose up in the air in a vigilant stance!
“What’s wrong?” Ji Meiyan asked!
“Someone is coming, it seems like three people ……”
Chen Ping said!
“How could someone come here? I remember that among the people who entered the Ancestral Land this time, no one has opened the Origin Space ah, how did they come to this mountain pass?”
Ji Meiyan’s face was full of doubts!
Right at this moment, Ji Yue and the others had already arrived, and when they saw Ji Meiyan and Chen Ping, they were all dumbfounded at once!
This time, they sort of knew who had sneaked into the Ancestral Land and who had beheaded these Origin Illusion Beasts in the middle of this mountain pass!
“Ji Meiyan, how dare you, how dare you bring outsiders, sneak into the Ancestral Ground, and also come here to decapitate Origin Illusionary Beasts, you are eating out of the palm of your hand, you deserve to die for your crime ……”
Ji Meizhen had originally followed Ji Meiyan and was not dealing with her, when she saw this, she immediately yelled!
“Ji Meiyan, you disobeyed the ancestral training and dared to bring outsiders into the ancestral land, why don’t you quickly come and ask for punishment.”
Ji Yue also roared angrily!
Ji Meiyan, on the other hand, was not the least bit afraid and slowly fell down, then placed her gaze on that Qin Jingyu and said “Didn’t the two of you also bring outsiders in? Then what is your offence?”
“This is Duke Qin of the Giant Savage Palace, he came in with the Family Master’s Order, but this Chen Ping that you brought in, does he have the Family Master’s Order?”
r> Ji Meizhen asked!
Ji Meiyan froze, she didn’t think that how could her father give a Family Lord Order to the Giant Barbarian Palace?
“I don’t have a Family Lord Order!” Chen Ping stepped forward and said!
“To dare to enter our Ji Family’s ancestral land without a Family Master’s Order is to seek death ……”
Ji Meizhen instantly drew out a sword!
Qin Jingyu, on the other hand, had his eyes slightly glazed over, looking at Chen Ping with murderous intent before asking “This guy, is he the one who broke my big brother’s arm?”
“Not bad, this is the guy that broke the arm of Qin’s eldest son.”
Ji Meizhen nodded!
As soon as Qin Jingyu heard this, a rampant aura erupted from his body, the muscles on his body were expanding and his body drew much taller!
“Prince Qin, don’t get angry first ……”
Ji Yue stopped Qin Jingyu “We entered the Ancestral Ground this time to perceive the Origin, our time is limited, we can’t waste it on fighting.”
“This guy sneaked into our Ji family’s ancestral land, when the time comes, we won’t need the Giant Savage Palace to take action, our Ji family won’t let him go.”
Once Qin Jingyu heard this, he then collected his breath!
“Who said we sneaked in, the Great Ancestor is guarding outside, without him opening the light gate, how could we have come in.”
“Now Chen Ping is also considered half of our Ji family, so even if we entered the ancestral land, we didn’t go against the ancestral teachings.”
Ji Meiyan retorted!
“Half of the Ji family?” Ji Meizhen didn’t understand what it meant!
However, that Ji Yue did understand, and gave Ji Meiyan a disdainful glance, “Ji Meiyan, you are really shameless, how long have you just known Chen Ping? How long have you known Chen Ping?
Ji Yue words, Ji Meizhen also instantly understand over, immediately to the Ji Meiyan mocked “Ji Meiyan, you are really b*tch, casually follow a man to sleep ah, I see you simply go to the ten thousand flowers floor forget it, maybe also can be a head of the card, earn a lot of money it …….”