When they heard Mr. Shi say foul language, several girls froze, but the tension they felt in front of Mr. Shi instantly disappeared quite a bit!
“Mr. Shi, I hope you can help save Chen Ping, as long as I can save Chen Ping, I can even be told to die ……”
Ji Ru Xue slowly stepped forward and knelt down directly in front of Mr. Shi!
Seeing this, the other girls also fell to their knees, begging Mr. Shi to go and save Chen Ping from the secret realm!
“None of you are Chen Ping’s women, yet why are you doing this?”
Mr Shi asked as he swept a glance at the girls.
“Brother Chen saved my life, this life of mine is his, I would die to save him ……”
Xiao Ru slowly raised her head and said with a determined face.
Within this, Xiao Ru was the youngest, but the determination in her eyes showed that she could indeed go and sacrifice for Chen Ping!
“Amongst us, some of us have received the kindness of saving Chen Ping’s life, some of us have love for him, in short, we are all willing to die for Chen Ping, and we still hope that Mr. Shi can come to his rescue ……”
Ji Ru Xue heavily kowtowed to Mr. Shi!
Mr. Shi looked at the few girls with slight relief, then smiled lightly and said, “I wonder how that Chen Ping will feel when he knows that you guys are willing to die for him ……”
“But remember, in this society, your lives are simply worthless, and even if you give your lives, it won’t change anything for the current Chen Ping!”
“If you do want to help that Chen Ping, the only thing you can do is to improve your own strength, so that you can help him when he is in trouble, instead of kowtowing around and begging for help ……”
Mr. Shi’s words were like a thorn in the side of the women’s hearts!
Although they all had some strength too, along with Chen Ping’s increasing strength, the difficulties they encountered were also increasing.
And it seemed that they could do nothing but pray to Chen Ping every day ……
“Thank you, Mr. Shi, for your teachings!”
Ji Ru Xue kowtowed to Mr. Shi once again!
At this moment, they all secretly vowed in their hearts that they would work hard to cultivate and be a woman who could help Chen Ping!
Instead of just adding to Chen Ping’s mess and being a useless vase ……
“I am now giving you a set of gong methods, as for how much you can penetrate, that is your own talent and creation!”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, he flicked his palm, and a spiritual light instantly flashed inside the minds of the girls!
When the girls saw this, they hurriedly thanked Mr. Shi!
“Alright, you guys can go out now ……”
Mr. Shi waved his hand and told Ji Ru Xue and the girls to stand down!
But just as the girls got up and were about to leave, Mr. Shi pointed at Xiao Ru and Wu Mei’er and said, “You two stay ……”
Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er looked puzzled, but stayed anyway!
When the other girls had left, Mr Shi’s face became grave!
“You two have different physiques than normal people, do you know this yourselves?”
Shi asked, turning to the two.
“I’m an ice crystal, it’s because of big brother Chen that I’ve survived so far in the first place!”
Xiao Ru said.
“I also know that I was born with a charmed body, but I have not used my special body to harm anyone!”
Wu Mei’er also hurriedly said.
“Since you both know that you are special bodies, are you both willing to sacrifice yourselves for Chen Ping’s sake?”
“If you want Chen Ping to escape from the secret realm, you two need to risk your lives to do so!”
Mr Shi asked with a serious face.
“I’m willing, I owe this life to big brother Chen.” Xiao Ru nodded without hesitation!
Wu Mei’er, on the other hand, hesitated slightly before nodding, “I am also willing, although I have never admitted to liking Chen Ping, but Chen Ping has long since taken root in my heart.”