A giant beast over ten metres high then reveals its head, and on top of that head Batu is riding on it.
After revealing the surface of the water, the giant beast quickly swam towards the direction of land.
At this moment, Chen Ping instantly understood why this Batu had to jump into the sea.
It turned out that he still had a bottom card, knowing that there was such a huge beast in the water.
It was very likely that this giant beast was bred by him.
Looking at Batu who had already fled far away, Chen Ping took a fierce breath, followed by a leap.
The body instantly cut a white wave on the surface of the sea!
Although the giant beast was fast, it was quickly caught up by Chen Ping.
Looking at Chen Ping who was catching up, Batu’s eyes were filled with panic!
“Chen Ping, you and I have no enmity, how about letting me go?”
Batu said to Chen Ping.
“Let you go?”
Chen Ping sneered, “If I let you go, the souls of those who died tragically at your hands will never be able to rest in peace ……”
With that, Chen Ping slapped his palm towards Batu.
Seeing this, Batu, on the other hand, pressed one palm on the head of the giant beast, while a demonic light radiated from the eyes of that giant beast, which was obviously controlled by that Batu.
Immediately afterwards, the giant beast’s tail burst out of the water, then met Chen Ping and slapped it in one go.
Boom!
The demonic beast was so powerful that after following Chen Ping’s impact, Chen Ping’s body quickly retreated backwards.
Chen Ping hovered above the water and looked at the huge beast, his eyes slightly staring!
The moment the beast had just touched him, Chen Ping knew that the beast had already produced a beast elixir and its strength was comparable to that of a Fifth Grade Martial Sect.
If a fifth-grade Martial Sect martial artist were to fight with this beast, he would definitely be defeated.
After all, the power of a demonic beast was far higher than that of a human of the same rank.
It was only that demonic beasts had no thoughts, and even less combat skills.
Batou’s original panicked expression disappeared when he saw Chen Ping being knocked back by a single move from the demonic beast.
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, you may be strong on land, but in the water, your strength is greatly reduced, and you are no match for this giant beast of mine.”
“If you let me go now, I will no longer bother with you, otherwise we will have a two-way fight ……”
Batou only thought of escaping, he did not want to really fight with Chen Ping.
“Just a tiny demonic beast, you want to rely on it to talk to me? It is not worthy at all ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he grabbed his right hand towards the void, followed by the Zeng Long Sword appearing in his hand.
The Chopping Dragon Sword was burning with a blazing flame on it!
And Chen Ping’s whole body emitted a golden light, just like a heavenly god!
Seeing this scene, Batou’s face instantly began to look ugly again.
The giant beast, too, seemed to be afraid of Chen Ping and did not dare to move forward.
“Take your life ……”
Chen Ping leapt high into the air with his Zeng Long sword in hand.
The sharp sword qi raised a burst of several meters high waves above the sea.
Seeing this, Batou hurriedly controlled the giant beast and followed suit, leaping out above the water.
The beast’s tail then swept across towards Chen Ping.
With a swing of the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, the beast’s tail was instantly severed and blood stained a large part of the sea!
The beast wailed and its body fell heavily back to the surface of the water.
Batou’s body fell off the beast’s head, while the beast tried to escape from the water!
Chen Ping’s body rushed straight through mid-air into the water, and the Dragon Chopper Sword pierced through the beast’s body in one go.
The sword then sliced through the beast’s body, and a crystal-clear beast elixir floated in the water!
With one hand, Chen Ping took the beast elixir in his hand and then put it into his storage ring.
And that Batou desperately tried to escape with his energy, fleeing into the distance.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, and the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand came out of his hand!
Poof ……
The Dragon Slashing Sword sliced through Batu’s body and then returned to Chen Ping’s hand.
Batou’s body, however, was directly cut off by the lazy waist and heavily planted in the water.
Several sharks swam in and gnawed Batu’s body cleanly.
Good and evil will have their reward, it’s not the time for retribution ……