“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, even if your fleshly body is strong, in front of this augur snake, you will only be beaten, kill them, kill them for me …………”
Ni Xidao laughed loudly, one hand struggling to support that black halo.
He could not let the halo disappear, otherwise this augur would die instantly, this augur was not originally an animal from here, and in the end it would need to pa*s through this black halo to get back to where it came from.
Chen Ping looked at Ni Xidao, who was struggling to maintain the black halo even though his face was already unsightly.
When he thought of this, Chen Ping took his dragon chopping sword and strove towards Ni Sidao, slashing his sword fiercely at his arm.
Seeing this, the serpent’s tail swept out, directly forcing Chen Ping back, and then opened its bloody mouth, biting down on Chen Ping’s arm.
The huge bite caused Chen Ping’s body to lurch, followed by being thrown up by the jiao snake.
Chen Ping’s body was thrown high into mid-air and then fell to the ground.
The ground was smashed into a deep crater and Chen Ping climbed out of the crater with great difficulty.
At this moment, blood could already be seen on Chen Ping’s arm, even if his flesh was strong, Chen Ping’s arm was still injured after being bitten by that jiao snake.
“Chen Ping …………”
Xiaolan hurriedly ripped off her own clothes and wanted to bandage Chen Ping.
“Dodge ……”
Chen Ping felt a strong wind coming and hurriedly pushed Xiaolan aside, while he himself was hit hard by the jiao snake with its tail.
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body flew a full ten metres away and fell heavily to the ground.
Blood continued to spill out along the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing this, Zhao Wuji and Bai Zhantang finally took out their weapons and attacked towards the jiao snake.
Chen Ping was about to say something to stop it, but it was already too late, as the two men had just rushed up and were directly knocked away by a sweep of the jiao snake’s tail.
With this blow, both Bai Zhantang and Zhao Wuji were unable to stand up and were badly injured!
Chen Ping used his dragon chopping sword to stand up and stared at the dragon snake with fury.
“Go on, kill them ……”
Ni Sidao’s face was getting ugly, his body was trembling slightly, he couldn’t support himself a bit, he had to let this jiao snake kill Chen Ping as soon as possible before he could.
“Hiss hiss …………”
The scaly snake spat its letters and danced its body quickly towards Chen Ping.
Opening its bloody mouth, it revealed its sharp, poisonous teeth, ready to swallow Chen Ping inside in one bite.
“Chen Ping …………”
“Mr. Chen …………”
Xiao Lan and Zhao Wuji were all panicked when they saw this scene, but none of them were able to save Chen Ping.
Chen Ping himself looked somewhat helpless in the face of the Jiao Snake’s bloody mouth, he was already injured at the moment and was unable to dodge the blow!
In the nick of time, a soft white light suddenly emerged from within Chen Ping’s body, which then grew stronger and stronger, even turning Chen Ping’s body into a transparent one.
The dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body shone brightly, and the dragon snake instantly became terrified under the white light, and then began to roll around on the ground and wail ……
The body of the scaly snake was shrinking at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the original scaly snake of more than ten meters was only a few meters long in just a few dozen seconds.
The augmented snake rolled in pain, its body desperately heading towards Ni Xidao, followed by a vigorous leap, directly into that black halo ready to escape.