Mrs Sun looked at Sun Xiaoyun with some disbelief and asked “Daughter, is he telling the truth? You guys didn’t do anything just now?”
“Mum, it’s true, I’m still a big girl now.”
Sun Xiao Yun blushed and said!
“That’s not right, just now I heard your voice outside, it wasn’t normal at all.
Lady Sun had a puzzled look on her face!
Sun Xiaoyun could only come to Lady Sun’s ear and whisper a few words after her own mother!
Upon hearing this, Lady Sun’s brows couldn’t help but frown as she sized up Chen Ping!
“Madam, what’s wrong?”
City Lord Sun asked!
Lady Sun muttered a few more words in the ear of the Sun City Lord, which also caused the Sun City Lord’s face to become very ugly!
“What should we do?”
Lady Sun was a little uncertain!
Although Chen Ping did do something to Sun Xiaoyun, but it was only to cure Sun Xiaoyun’s illness, besides, Sun Xiaoyun was still innocent now, so she couldn’t hold a grudge against Chen Ping!
But just like this let Chen Ping go, his own daughter’s body are Chen Ping see light, and also …………
“Kid, you’ve seen my daughter naked, as the princess of a city, if this kind of thing is to be spread out, I’m going to be shamed to death.”
“Since things have come to this point, then I will marry my daughter down to you, as long as you become husband and wife, no one will talk about it.”
City Lord Sun hesitated for a moment and said!
“Dad, what are you saying?”
Sun Xiaoyun was filled with incredulity!
“City Lord Sun, Miss Sun and I have only just met, how can we possibly get married, I don’t agree ……”
Chen Ping flatly refused!
“You must agree or you will die ……”
City Lord Sun was furious!
“I won’t agree even if I die!” Chen Ping’s eyes stared slightly!
Where was this kind of reasoning, he was only detoxifying Sun Xiaoyun, and now that the poison had been detoxified, he was even asking himself to marry her!
If this were in the secular world, wouldn’t a male gynaecologist have to marry countless wives and take one look at her?
No matter what, Chen Ping will not marry Sun Xiaoyun!
Chen Ping had promised Su Yuqi that his first wedding must be with Su Yuqi!
Before organising a wedding with Su Yuqi, he would not marry any woman!
“You dare to disobey me, then go to hell ……”
Sun City Lord was furious and said that he was about to make a move on Chen Ping!
“Dad ……” Sun Xiaoyun rushed forward and blocked in front of Chen Ping!
“Dad, how to say he is also my saviour, if you kill him, then in the future how will others look at us ah, how will they look at you as a city lord.”
Although Sun Xiaoyun was also a little angry in her heart towards Chen Ping, but she was not so angry that she would let Chen Ping die!
She also knew that Chen Ping was doing this solely for the sake of detoxifying himself only!
“Old Sun, speak properly, don’t do it, how can I say that he also saved Xiao Yun.”
Lady Sun also persuaded from the side!
Seeing both his daughter and his wife say so, only then did City Lord Sun subside his anger!
And just at this time, Old Jia arrived with Cai Hongwei and the others!
“Second brother, you might have a misunderstanding, maybe that pharmacist who cured his great niece is really a demonic cultivator.”
After Chen Ping was captured, Cai Hongwei followed Lao Jia and told him the matter in detail, and only then did Lao Jia rush here with them!
If that pharmacist was really a demonic cultivator, not only would Sun Xiaoyun not be cured, her life might be in danger!
“Big brother, I already know, that demonic cultivator has already been captured by me.”
Sun City Lord said!
Old Jia froze, while Cai Hongwei and the others went forward and checked on Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?” Cai Hongwei asked.
“I’m fine!” Chen Ping shook his head!
“Uncle, I’m fine, I’m already fine, thanks to this Apothecary Chen.”
Sun Xiaoyun smiled and said to Old Jia!
Old Jia saw Sun Xiaoyun’s face was flushed and looking good, he couldn’t help but be happy “It’s great to see you healed ……”