This is not seeking revenge, this is clearly looking for abuse.
Boom …………
The body of Xiahou Dun fell heavily from mid-air, and his whole body was like a pile of mud, except for his head, which could still move, but he could not move his whole body.
Blood flowed from Xiahou Dun’s mouth and nose, and his whole face became hideous.
“Kill me …… kill me ……”
With rage in his eyes, Xiahou Dun shouted at Chen Ping, but with every shout, a mouthful of blood would spurt out.
Right now, Xiahou Dun’s life was worse than death, and he wished that Chen Ping would kill him.
How could Chen Ping let Xiahou Dun die so painfully? By keeping Xiahou Dun, in the end Chen Ping would be able to use the Heart Condensation Technique to turn Xiahou Dun’s powerful qi into his own!
Now that the aura inside the dragon crystal was almost empty, it looked like it could not be used for a short period of time, so he needed to wait for the dragon crystal to recover slowly. Right now, the best way for Chen Ping to cultivate was to absorb other people’s energy.
Although this method was forbidden by the martial arts community and considered to be an evil cultivation technique, Chen Ping could not care less about that now, with so many people targeting him, Chen Ping needed to increase his strength in the fastest way possible.
Xiahou Dun saw that Chen Ping would not kill him, so he put his eyes on Ni Sidao, he hoped that Ni Sidao would make a move to kill himself, now he was worse off than dead ……
The first thing you need to do is to take a look at the actual situation.
Chen Ping’s strength at this point was beyond his expectations, and they had come too recklessly.
“Next, it’s your turn ……”
Chen Ping looked towards Ni Sidao and said indifferently.
“Chen Ping, it seems that the Dragon Crystal has really brought you a lot of benefits, no wonder so many people are looking for you, but if you want to kill me today, it won’t be that easy ……”
After Ni Xidao finished speaking, his hands waved violently, and suddenly a black mist swept up wildly, while at the same time, Ni Xidao’s body disappeared.
“You guys keep an eye on Xiahou Dun, don’t let him kill himself ……”
After Chen Ping finished his admonition, his body also disappeared instantly!
While chasing out, Chen Ping had long since dispersed his divine sense to pinpoint Ni Sidao’s location.
Ni Xidao, who had escaped from the courtyard, looked back after running into a small forest and was slightly relieved to see that no one was catching up.
“D*mn, this Chen Ping is really sick ……”
Ni Xidao cursed, he had never been in such a mess before.
But just as Ni Daodao finished cursing, his face suddenly changed, followed by his hands choking, chanting in the air, a cloud of black mist wrapped around Ni Daodao’s body.
Ni Sidao sensed Chen Ping’s divine sense and knew that Chen Ping had discovered him, so he hurriedly used his Daoist magic to hide himself.
But it was already too late, at this moment Chen Ping’s figure had already appeared, and after seeing Ni Sidao, without the slightest hesitation, he smashed his fist over.
Seeing this, Ni Sidao hurriedly shouted out, “Trapped Dragon Formation ……”
In an instant, those black mists on Ni Sidao’s body turned into a chain, directly binding Chen Ping’s body, making Chen Ping unable to move.
“This Dragon Trapping Formation of yours is useless against me ……”
Chen Ping saw that this Ni Sidao still wanted to trap himself with the trapped dragon formation, so he sneered.
“If I can’t trap you, it’s good to delay you for a while, by then I’ll have long fled without a trace ……”
Ni Sidao did not have any intention to trap Chen Ping with the Dragon Trapping Formation, after all, when he was in the Pill God Valley, the Dragon Trapping Formation could not trap Chen Ping, let alone now, the current Chen Ping’s strength could not be compared to the same day.
“Drag me for a while?” The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted as his Heart Condensation Technique quickly ran, and those chains that were illusions of fierce Qi were instantly absorbed into Chen Ping’s body.
Seeing the scene before him, Ni Sidao’s smug expression instantly froze on his face.