For his father’s attitude, Qiu Tintu was not surprised at all, because in Qiu Wanha’s eyes, power was more important than his own son!
The son can be born again, but without the power, it will be troublesome to seize it!
Now Qiu Wanha’s energy is in control of the entire beast city, now the beast city has three beast generals each holding a side, Qiu Wanha wants to subdue the other two beast generals, and then dominate the entire beast city!
The city lord has not shown up for a long time, the last is sure to ascend to immortality, when the city lord ascension, the beast city must have a new city lord to appear!
Qiu Wanha wants to be this new city lord, so he wants to develop his power before that city lord ascends, and annex the other two beast generals in one fell swoop!
In fact, Qiu Wanha is not the only one of the three Beast Generals who thinks this way, the other two Beast Generals also think the same way!
Criminal Dao Rong also wanted to end up as the city lord, otherwise he wouldn’t have gone around soliciting guest ministers and promising a large number of benefits!
Qiu Tui left with his men, going to look for the guy who had privately acquired the Immortal Spirit Stones!
“My lord, this is the place, it’s already been identified, the owner of this courtyard is named Qian Yue, a human cultivator who just hides his breath and then has been privately acquiring Immortal Spirit Stones at high prices in Beast City.”
The butler of the Qiu Mansion, in a low voice, reported after Qiu Tu!
Looking at the inconspicuous small courtyard in front of him, Qiu Tu said, “Send people to surround this place, in addition, please ask Master Luan to come over, there must be formations in this courtyard.”
“Father said, try to take in, don’t fight and kill, we are now also using people!”
Qiu Tu knows that the courtyard has a formation, not able to break in, and a human cultivator, hiding in the beast city for a long time, but also private acquisition of immortal spirit stone, is also some ability, Qiu Tu wants to take in this Qian Yue, for them to use!
“Gongzi, has sent people to surround this place, Master Luan has also been on the way ……”
The housekeeper said!
Qiu Tu heard, very appreciative glance at the housekeeper, after all, to be able to become the housekeeper of the Qiu House, the ability to detect words and observe colours, is absolutely there!
A few minutes later, an old man wearing a green tunic and a goatee was invited!
This old man was the Master Luan that Qiu Tu spoke of, a formation master!
A formation master was highly respected in Beast City!
“Master Luan ……”
Seeing that Master Luan had arrived, Qiu Tu and the housekeeper rushed forward to salute!
“Sir Qiu, what is it that you are looking for me for?”
Master Luan asked!
“Master Luan, in this house, there is a human cultivator hidden, I guess this house must have laid down a formation, so please ask Master Luan to help break the formation and not to startle the people inside.”
Qiu Tu said!
“A small matter ……,” Master Luan said, a rune flashed up in his palm!
Immediately after the palm gently waved, that rune slowly drifted away, and then the entire house around, accompanied by a faint white light flashed, there was no reaction at all!
“It can be ……”
Master Luan said faintly!
“This can be?”Qiu Tu was shocked, and then couldn’t help but praise, “Master Luan deserves to be known as a master of formations, it’s really powerful!”
“This kind of low level formation, I can break it with my hands, there’s nothing powerful about it.”Master Luan said with a smug look on his face!
After breaking the formation, Qiu Tu led the people to instantly rush into the courtyard!
At this time, Qian Yue, was still sorting out the acquired Immortal Spirit Stones, he planned to have Chen Ping come over to pick them up, after all, if he had too many Immortal Spirit Stones in his hand, it would attract the attention of the City Lord’s House!
Because the entire house was protected by formations, Qian Yue wouldn’t have thought that someone would be able to force their way in without letting themselves know, so he let his guard down!
By the time he realised that someone had arrived, it was already too late!