“Escape? Only afraid that there is no chance ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking, he heard a miserable scream!
Black fog blocked, the crowd could not see, but the divine sense can detect that there is a cultivator because of the absorption of too much energy, the body can not bear, directly to the self-destruction!
Along with the monk’s self-destruction, a white light very conspicuous floating in mid-air and disappeared!
Along with the body of the monk should be burst, many people are awake from the cultivation state!
Some loose cultivators still very pale, the body seems to have reached its limit, they want to stop, but simply can not stop!
Even the Five Elements Heavenly Fury and Ning Cai Chen and others, also felt the difference, when they wanted to stop absorbing energy, found that there was no way to stop!
This time, everyone panicked!
“What’s going on? Why can’t I stop, the energy inside this Ice Soul Fragment keeps trying to feed into my body!”
“I can’t stop either, I can’t hold on anymore!”
“I’m going to be burst, I’m going to be burst ……”
Boom …………
Another cultivator’s body instantly exploded, followed by another white light rising up!
Along with an explosion, the black fog that originally enveloped the entire altar slowly disappeared!
When the black fog disappeared, the crowd saw that the old man was looking down at the crowd in mid-air!
And on top of the altar, there were blood stains left everywhere after the explosion of the monks!
This kind of scene shocked every one!
“Senior, what’s going on with this ……? Why can’t we stop cultivating?”
“The energy of this Ice Soul Fragment is still continuously pouring into our bodies!”
Golden Fury asked the old man with a face full of tension!
“That’s right, do you guys think that just anyone can get my reward?”
“Think that this treasure of mine can be divided by anyone?”
“What a joke ……”
The old man snorted coldly!
Hearing the old man say that, everyone’s heart jumped and trembled with fear!
“Senior, why are you …… you so?”
The Golden Fury asked in a very puzzled manner!
“Do I have to explain to you?” The old man sneered!
He could not possibly say why!
“Let me tell you why this old man!”
Chen Ping slowly spoke!
When Chen Ping said that, everyone looked at Chen Ping!
“Brother Chen, you know?” Old Sun asked!
“Of course I know, in fact, there is no more treasure of the Ancient Body Refining Clan here, because the Ancient Body Refining Clan’s techniques and some treasures have long been in my possession!”
“So these ice soul fragments, is just bait, in order to just let all of us absorb, and then use the energy in the ice soul fragments, propped up each person.”
“After everyone dies, the cultivation will turn into a white light and be sucked away by something, and as for what it is, only this old thing knows.”
Chen Ping coldly looked at the old man and said!
“Brother Chen, what do you mean by that? Could it all be fake?”
Old Sun didn’t understand!
“Yes, is it all fake, and this old man is not an ancient body refining clan ancestor?”
Zuo Qing also opened his mouth and asked!
“However, he is not the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan, the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan is someone else.”
“Although the two people look similar, but there are subtle differences in their personalities, styles and the aura within their bodies.”
Chen Ping said with a nod!
“What are you talking nonsense? Speak as if you have met the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan.”
The Golden Fury yelled at Chen Ping!
“I’m not talking nonsense, just let this old thing talk about itself!”
Chen Ping looked at the old man with a stony face!
Everyone looked at the old man, only to see that the old man did not refute Chen Ping, nor did he deny it, but instead, a strange smile appeared at the corner of his mouth!
This smile, look at people’s hearts straight hair!