“Hahaha, old brother Qiu overpraised, I don’t dare to brag about anything else, but when it comes to double cultivation time, I’m still very good in our God Clan.”
Luo Ta bragged!
When Qiu Wanha heard this, he almost didn’t laugh out loud, just this and still dare to say it’s very powerful?
Qiu Wanha has not been in contact with the Divine Race, but listening to Luo Ta so say, that the Divine Race can be some people ……
However, now that Qiu Wanha had begged Luo Ta, he didn’t dare to say anything!
“Brother Luo, let’s talk about the matter of Immortal Spirit Stones, this year I prepared not too many Immortal Spirit Stones ……”
Qiu Wanha said after Luo Ta!
“Not too much? What’s going on? I want more this time, it can’t be that all the Immortal Spirit Stones around your Beast City have been mined out, right?”
Luo Ta asked with a slight frown!
“That’s not true, just now on the outskirts of our Beast City, a new Immortal Spirit Stone vein was discovered!”
Qiu Wanha shook his head and said!
Luo Ta rubbed his head and stood up, “Immortal spirit stone vein? Then why did you say that there isn’t too much Immortal Spirit Stones? If you’re not going to mine it yet, I can wait for you for a few days!”
Luo Ta would like to stay here for a few more days, after all, he could casually double cultivate here!
“Brother Luo don’t be in a hurry, I was about to tell you about this, that Immortal Spirit Stone vein is occupied by someone else, I have no way to mine it ah.”
Qiu Wanha said helplessly!
“Occupied by others? Aren’t you one of the three great generals of Beast City? Who dares to rob it from you?”
Luo Ta had followed Qiu Wanha for many years and knew some things about Beast City!
“The one who fought with me to grab it was none other than that Xing Mansion’s Xing Daorong, this guy occupied the vein and mined the Immortal Spirit Stones on his own, I went to grab it, but unfortunately my skills were not as good as the others, so I could only come back in defeat!”
Qiu Wanha said!
“Damn, there’s still someone who dares to snatch it from you, you take me now and seize that Immortal Spirit Stone vein!”
Luo Ta said with a huff!
When Qiu Wanha heard this, he nodded his head in joy and said, “Brother Luo, I was waiting for you to come, as long as I recapture that immortal spirit stone vein, I will definitely give you that immortal spirit stone discount and also find you a few more women.”
When Luo Ta heard this, he then waved his hand and said, “No need for concessions, it’s not like it’s my own money anyway, you just need to find me a few more women!”
“Hurry up and take me with you, this time I’ll bring back more Immortal Spirit Stones, I can also make up for my mistakes, the Immortal Spirit Stones I had on me were robbed, I’m now being laughed at all day long!”
Luo Ta’s Immortal Spirit Stones had been robbed by Chen Ping, although after returning to the Divine Hall, that Ten Hall Master had not punished him, he was still being laughed at by the rest of the Divine Hall!
Now Luo Ta desperately needed to turn it around, as long as he could bring back enough Immortal Spirit Stones this time, he would also be able to plug the crowd’s languid mouths!
“What?”Qiu Wanha was shocked, “How can someone still dare to rob Brother Luo’s Immortal Spirit Stones, isn’t that looking for death?”
This Luo Ta was at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, one step short of the Immortalisation realm!
At this kind of realm, in the entire Beast City, apart from the City Lord, Luo Ta was the highest combatant!
Unexpectedly, this kind of strength that belonged to the second existence strength in Beast City was still robbed outside of Beast City!
“You don’t know, your Beast City has been closed for thousands of years, not knowing that the Celestial Realm has changed a lot.”
“I don’t know how, there are now many profound cultivators in the Celestial Realm, and these people don’t know where they came from.”
“There are even talented cultivators who have crossed over levels, the entire Celestial Realm is in chaos right now!”
“Even the Domain Masters of the Immortalisation Realm have been scared away with a single glance ……”
The genius that Luo Ta was talking about was Chen Ping, he had seen with his own eyes that Chen Ping was at the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, killing cultivators at the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm who were crying out!
And the person who scared away the Domain Lord with a single glance was Shi, this shocking image always lingered in that Luo Ta’s heart.
“Is it that scary? A Domain Lord of the Immortalisation Realm was scared away with a single glance?”
Qiu Wanha had a shocked look on his face, knowing that the Immortalisation Realm was considered to be at the end of the line in the entire Celestial Realm!