After saying that, the Demon Amba*sador waved his hand and a huge and sharp strong wind headed towards Long Xing Xu and the others!
With this simple wave of his hand, Long Xingxu and many of the Dragon Sect’s men all flew backwards!
Through the exchange of blows, Long Xingxu knew that the Demon Envoy was too strong and they were no match for him!
But since he was asked to guard the house, Long Xing Xu could not easily let people save Ning Zhi!
Looking at Long Xingxu and the others, the Demon Envoy’s eyes flashed with a cold aura, and his aura began to explode!
A strong and terrifying aura instantly enveloped the entire Dragon Gate.
Long Xingxu and the others felt an invisible pressure coming on them, and many of them fell to the ground!
Long Xingxu gritted his teeth and tried to carry the pressure with all his might, but his strength was so disparate that he was finally crushed to the ground with a poof!
The hard green stone slabs on the ground were cracked with a vicious smash!
Looking at the fallen Dragon Sect crowd, the corners of the Devil Envoy’s mouth lifted slightly, “Hmph, a bunch of trash, and you want to stop me?”
“Today I’m going to show that Chen Ping the price of following our Demon Heart Sect in opposition ……”
After saying that, the aura on the Demon Amba*sador’s body began to surge, and the pressure on the Dragon Sect’s crowd instantly increased dramatically!
Already, people were starting to spit out blood, their lives were draining away rapidly!
“To do evil in Kyoto so blatantly, do you think I don’t exist?”
Just then, a figure descended from the sky, followed by a soft aura descending on the heads of the crowd!
The Dragon Sect people only felt their bodies lighten up and they all stood up!
Long Xingxu also stood up and was surprised to see the sudden arrival of that person, and hurriedly walked forward and said, “Long Xingxu welcomes Mr. Shi ……”
Mr. Shi only nodded slightly, and then looked at the devil amba*sador with a calm face!
When the devil amba*sador and Ning Zhi saw that Mr. Shi had suddenly arrived, the two men’s faces turned extremely ugly!
“Mr Shi, this is a private feud between us, it should have nothing to do with your officials, I hope you won’t interfere.”
The devil amba*sador said to Mr. Shi.
Mr Shi frowned slightly and flicked his palm!
Snap!
There was a crisp sound and the left side of that devil amba*sador’s face instantly turned red and swollen!
“You’re a small devil congregation and you dare to speak to me in such a tone, I think you’re tired of living.”
Mr Shi’s face started to turn cold!
The devil amba*sador covered his face and his expression fell into a daze.
He was now a Martial Saint after regaining his original body, but even with the strength of a Martial Saint, he was so unbearable in front of Mr. Shi!
“Mr. Shi, that Chen Ping captured my Demon Heart Sect disciples, I’ll save them now, Mr. Shi won’t care, right?”
The Devil Envoy asked as he looked at Mr. Shi nervously.
“You can save your Demon Heart Sect’s people, but if you dare to kill the Dragon Sect’s people in the process, I will never forgive them lightly ……”
Mr. Shi said with a stern face.
Seeing this, the devil amba*sador could only take Shi Yan with him and quickly fled from the Dragon Sect!
Mr. Shi’s appearance had sort of saved the lives of dozens of Dragon Sect’s disciples!
“Mr. Shi, then …… that Ning Zhi has been taken away, what do we do next?”
Long Xingxu bravely asked to Mr. Shi.
“That’s your business, what’s it to me?”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, his body was actually slowly disappearing!
“Mr. Shi, Mr. Shi …………”
Long Xingxu shouted desperately, but it didn’t seem to work, Mr. Shi soon disappeared without a trace.
Looking at the corpses on the ground, and some seriously injured members of the Dragon Sect, Long Xing Xu hurriedly greeted the rescuers!
But with Ning Zhi saved, Long Xing Xu didn’t know how he was going to explain when Chen Ping returned!
Just then, Hu Ma Zi and Zhou Jie came back, they had tried many times, but there was no way to open the entrance to the secret realm, so they could only come back to think of a solution for the time being!
When they heard that Ning Zhi had been saved by the demon amba*sador, Hu Puzi knew that they had been fooled, and that the other party had deliberately lured Chen Ping into the secret realm, while they had taken the opportunity to save Ning Zhi!
In that case, Chen Ping would definitely be in great danger in the secret realm.