“Am …… I still alive?”
Zhu Qingxiu looked at Chen Ping and asked with a surprised face!
“Not dead, of course I’m not dead, I told you, I must save you!”
“You’re still too weak, take a few more pills and you’ll recover faster!”
Chen Ping saw that Zhu Qingxiu had woken up, so he also stopped refining pills and put away the Shennong Ding, feeding the remaining pills to Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu opened her mouth and ate the elixir given by Chen Ping, and could not help but frown!
“What kind of elixir is this? Why does it have a flavour, it smells bad!”
Zhu Qingxiu asked with a frown!
“Taste? What flavour?”Chen Ping said in disbelief!
“A smell of urine ……”
Zhu Qingxiu said!
After Zhu Qingxiu finished speaking, Chen Ping snapped to remember that this was an elixir that had been refined using the Fire Qilin’s urine as a cue, so of course it would have a smell of urine, he had forgotten about it!
“You smelled it wrong, where is the smell of urine, this medicine is a divine medicine, your essence and blood were almost depleted and you were saved by this divine medicine.”
Chen Ping rushed to cover up and said!
Once Zhu Qingxiu heard this, she no longer suspected anything and took all the pills!
After resting for a little while, although Zhu Qingxiu was still weak, but her life would not be in danger anymore, as long as she recovered slowly, sooner or later, she would be able to return to her peak!
“Since you’re fine, let’s go, let’s leave the area of the Dead Sea for the time being, otherwise those demonic cultivators will be in trouble if they catch up with us.”
Chen Ping picked up Zhu Qingxiu in his arms and then leapt up!
Zhu Qingxiu was in Chen Ping’s arms, feeling the warmth of Chen Ping’s chest, and inwardly, she was also a deer in the headlights!
It was the first time that she had been hugged by a man in such a way, and it was also the first time that she had been seen naked by a man!
Chen Ping contacted Ji Yun with a sound transmission jade slip and learnt that Ji Yun and the others were still waiting for him in a small town by the Dead Sea, so Chen Ping took Zhu Qingxiu and headed straight to that town!
After flying in the air for nearly two hours, Chen Ping finally saw the Eastern Region Continent, and not very far away on the Dead Sea coast, there was a small town!
Even though it was travelling in a small town, there were only a few dozen wooden houses and a few traders doing business!
Chen Ping quickly found Ji Yun and the others!
Ji Yun as well as Zhu Qing Yue and Liu Bo had been waiting for Chen Ping!
During that time, Ji Yun had tried to contact Chen Ping with the sound transmission jade slip many times, but he couldn’t get in touch at all, which made all three of them anxious as well!
Chen Ping was still at the bottom of the sea at that time, so it was normal that he couldn’t be contacted by the sound transmission jade slip!
Right after Chen Ping landed at the compound that Ji Yun and the others had rented with Zhu Qingxiu in his arms, Zhu Qingyue and Liu Bo instantly froze!
This was because they recognised Zhu Qingxiu at a glance, even though Zhu Qingxiu’s face was half disfigured, it was still recognised by them at a glance!
After all, they were the closest people ah.
“Sister …………”
Zhu Qingyue’s face was full of incredulity as she pounced towards Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu opened her arms and hugged Zhu Qingyue tightly, and the two sisters embraced each other!
They had both not seen each other for years as well.
Liu Bo was also in tears as he stepped forward, “Eldest Miss, it’s really you, it’s been such a long time, the family misses you.”
“The Ten Thousand Swords Sect was annihilated, all the disciples of the sect died and fled, at that time, the old master has been thinking about you all day long.”
“I didn’t expect to see you here, it’s really great ……”
Chen Ping watched from the sidelines, waiting for the family to finish getting excited, only then did Chen Ping open his mouth, “It’s better to go back to the room and chat, lest we be discovered, we are being chased by a dozen or so demonic cultivators!”
When Chen Ping said so, Liu Bo and Zhu Qing Yue were startled and hurriedly brought Zhu Qingxiu into the room!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had placed concealment formations around the room to hide the aura of everyone inside!