With these people from the Ning Family now, they would not be able to stop Chen Ping.
Above the martial arts forum, comments were flying!
“Chen Ping is too awesome, one man broke into the Ning Family alone and scared Ning Hai into running away.”
“F*ck, killing two Martial Sects of the Ning Clan with a single strike, that’s too awesome.”
“I think this Ning Hai must have been scared, two days ago he was bragging that he had killed Chen Ping and now he’s been smacked in the face.”
“This Chen Ping must have already stepped into Martial Marquis, just by looking at the strike he just made, you can tell!”
Above the forum, many people watched the live broadcast and commented frantically.
At this time, a challenge thread that was originally topped on the martial arts forum was quietly deleted.
But soon, it was spotted by people with sharp eyes.
“Holy sh*t, the post where Xin Pengfei used to challenge Chen Ping on New Year’s Day is gone, this guy is scared, right?”
“It’s really gone, then Xin Pengfei must have been scared, scared out of his wits.”
“Now that this Chen Ping has become number one on the Free Ranking, I’m afraid that no one will dare to disagree.”
“Chen Ping is so awesome, reaching Martial Marquis in just a short time!”
The crowd mocked that Xin Pengfei, while they were envious of Chen Ping!
Only, Chen Ping didn’t look at the forum, nor did he care about that, he was only waiting for Ning Hai to arrive.
He was watching the time, after an hour, if he didn’t see Ning Dahai’s figure, he would strike again and kill the two Ning family members.
At this time, Ning Dahai and Ning Zhi were also following the Martial Dao Forum, and when he saw Chen Ping kill two Martial Sects with one strike, and the two didn’t even have a chance to react, Ning Dahai’s face turned ugly to the extreme!
He could never have imagined that in just a few days, Chen Ping’s strength had soared and was no longer at the same level.
After seeing the humiliating, foul words spoken about him and the Ning Family on the forum, Ning Hai almost didn’t die of anger!
It was at this time that the Ning Family’s butler called Ning Hai!
“Master, that Chen Ping has come and killed two of our men, and now he wants to see you, and if he can’t see you, he said he would kill both of them in an hour!”
The butler’s voice trembled as he said.
“I already knew that, let him kill, I have to deal with things first!”
After saying that, Ning Hai hung up the phone.
Those underlings of the Ning family, it didn’t matter how many they killed, as long as he was alright.
“Dad, are we just going to stand by and watch Chen Ping kill everyone in the Ning family?”
Ning Zhi asked as he turned to Ning Hai.
“I’m not thinking of a way, it’s best not to fight that Chen Ping at this time, once I lose, if Chen Ping doesn’t kill me, there will be many more clans and families that will come down on our Ning Family.”
“These people are all jackals, just waiting for our Ning Family to fall!”
The reason why Ning Hai did not want to follow Chen Ping in a fight was that he was afraid of falling and getting injured after following Chen Ping in a fight.
Even if Chen Ping spared his life, then the other clans and families would take advantage of the fire.
In the face of profit, there are no eternal friends!
“Or else we should go to the Zhu Alliance Master and ask him to talk to Chen Ping directly in the name of the Martial Alliance Alliance Master, whatever Chen Ping wants, we will just give it to him, as long as Chen Ping can stop targeting us!”
“As the saying goes, it’s never too late for a gentleman to take revenge, when I step into the Martial Marquis realm, I’ll be looking for Chen Ping ……”
Ning Zhi said to Ning Dahai.
“Finding someone to make peace from this is a good idea, only Zhu Zhishan won’t work, Chen Ping won’t give him face, there is only one person who can talk Chen Ping into it now!”
Ning Dahai said with slightly narrowed eyes.
“Who is it?” Ning Zhi asked.
“Mr. Shi ………….”
Ning Hai said slowly.
Right now, only if Mr. Shi gave the word would Chen Ping listen.
“But will Mr Shi agree to us? He’s always been on Chen Ping’s side!”
Ning Zhi asked.
“Let’s try, I don’t think Mr. Shi wants chaos in the Kyoto martial arts community either!”
Ning Hai said, and immediately stopped a car to go find Mr Shi.