Just as Chen Ping sighed, several more Evil Spirits rushed over!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand and chopped them down one after another, while the innate weapons of these Evil Spirits were all broken things, which Chen Ping did not have much interest in!
After killing several evil spirits in a row, Chen Ping felt that the strength of these evil spirits was a bit low, so their energy was also low, which if Zhong Li were to recover, he did not know how many evil spirits he would need to absorb!
Chen Ping looked towards the dark hole, since these evil spirits came out of the hole, there should be something else inside the hole, such a huge sealing original stone, it was impossible to seal only these low strength evil spirits!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping thought of jumping into the hole to explore it, but at this time suddenly a breath came straight towards Chen Ping!
Whoosh……
Chen Ping only felt a spiritual energy behind him swept by, as fast as lightning!
Fortunately, Chen Ping reacted quickly and dodged the blow with a flash of his body!
When Chen Ping turned his head to look, he found that all around him were clusters of evil spirits, and the crowd was following the evil spirits to tangle with them, as if no one was moving him to make a move!
Chen Ping swept a glance, although he did not see anyone making a move on him, however, Chen Ping knew that someone must have tried to sneak attack him, only to fail, so he pretended to get up!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then turned around again and headed towards that cave!
Whoosh …………
Chen Ping had just turned around, followed by another spiritual force shooting out, Chen Ping quickly turned back, his fingers probing out a spiritual force, directly following the spiritual force swung out by the other party to collide together!
This time, Chen Ping saw clearly the guy who made the move!
This was one of Zhou Tai’s subordinates, when he was on the boat, Chen Ping had seen him before, with the strength of the seventh grade of the Harmonisation Realm!
A Zhou family underling was following the same realm as Ji Yun, so it was evident that this Zhou family was a lot stronger than the Takeoff Sky Sect!
Seeing that he had been discovered, that Zhou family underling no longer hid, but walked boldly to Chen Ping!
“Zhou Tai asked you to sneak attack me?” Chen Ping asked at that Zhou family’s subordinate!
“Not bad, you have deceived our young master, so you must die ……”
The Zhou Family’s subordinate said with a sardonic smile on his face!
Although Chen Ping had dodged his two strikes, he was not afraid and had a few scowls on his face!
“Want to kill me? But on your own, there is no way you can kill me.”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful smile!
“Hmph, you are also too confident, you are only a mere fifth grade of the Harmonisation Realm, but I am a seventh grade of the Harmonisation Realm, are you saying that I cannot kill you?”
“Are you trying to say that that Ye Fengqing didn’t even manage to kill you?”
“Don’t think we don’t know, that Ye Fengqing was simply being merciful and didn’t want to kill you, he didn’t use his full strength.”
“If he used his full strength, you, a tiny Harmonisation Realm cultivator, would have been slapped to death by him.”
“But I won’t be as careless as him, I will never give you a chance to live ……”
After the Zhou Family’s subordinate finished speaking, he steeply drew out a dagger and lunged towards Chen Ping!
Seeing that the other party was so confident, Chen Ping couldn’t help but smile and said “Ignorance is what disrespects life ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping gently rested his palm, and a flame instantly burned in the centre of his palm, the flame was so small that it was almost invisible!
But just as Chen Ping swung out the flame in his palm, the unseen flame burst into flames!
Boom!
The flames soared and turned into a sea of fire, wrapping Chen Ping in his entire being!
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a fireman, and even those evil spirits, when they saw him, all hid far away and did not approach this way at all!
When the Zhou Family underlings who pounced on Chen Ping saw this, they could not help but frown!
“So it turns out that you cultivate a fire technique, but do you think that this will stop me from killing you? It’s simply ridiculous ……”
The Zhou Family’s subordinate had not yet noticed, in the slightest, the power of Chen Ping’s flames, and thought that it was a general fire technique!