The Demon Sealing Alliance was the largest alliance organisation in the entire Celestial Realm!
The experts within the Demon Sealing Alliance were even more numerous, and since the Demon Sealing Alliance had taken out a hundred years of offerings to place an order of execution, it proved that Chen Ping was definitely not simple!
Just a few of them even wanted to kill Chen Ping and get their hands on the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Years of Offerings, they were really daydreaming!
Now, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings hadn’t been obtained, and they were about to lose their lives!
“We …… we were also blinded, it wasn’t us who wanted to kill you, it was him …… it was him who wanted to kill you …… ”
The bearded cultivator suddenly pointed at Divine Doctor Liu and said!
It seemed that he wanted to transfer Chen Ping’s killing intent to that Liu Divine Doctor so that he could let them off the hook!
Divine Doctor Liu froze and looked at the bearded cultivator incredulously!
He could never have imagined that he would be stabbed in the back by this bearded cultivator!
“What are you babbling about, it’s clearly you who are greedy for that Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred-year offering, how come you’ve pushed it onto me again?”
Divine Doctor Liu was also anxious and said with a glare!
“No need to argue, you all deserve to die anyway ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the ball of flame in his hand suddenly turned into a sea of fire, instantly surrounding the bearded trio!
“Ah …………”
Miserable screams rang out!
Although the bearded trio were all demonic cultivators of the Inferno Demon lineage, and should not be afraid of to fire, Chen Ping’s flames were something that they simply had no way of withstanding!
Soon, the bearded trio collapsed on the ground without a sound, while Chen Ping violently opened his mouth and sucked in, and three clusters of dead qi flew from the bearded trio into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping immediately looked towards Divine Doctor Liu, his gaze was cold and merciless, Chen Ping’s gaze was like a steel knife that pierced deep into Divine Doctor Liu’s heart!
Divine Doctor Liu was afraid, even the black auger dragon that he had catalysed dissipated into a black mist that floated away in an instant!
The bearded man’s three men were no match for Chen Ping, how could he himself be a match for Chen Ping!
Divine Doctor Liu’s mind spun rapidly, he had to think of a way to stay alive!
“You …… don’t kill me, I have quite a few precious immortal herbs on my body, as well as various resources, I can give them all to you!”
<br> Said Divine Doctor Liu, surprisingly, he kept pulling out various kinds of immortal herbs from inside his own storage bag!
The depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain were deserted and uninhabited, and the environment was also very harsh, so many immortal herbs that grew here could survive for many years!
If no one picked them, they would continue to grow!
You should know that the higher the year, the higher the value of the immortal grass!
Chen Ping looked at those Immortal Herbs that Divine Doctor Liu took out and also nonchalantly put them into his storage ring!
Seeing Chen Ping collect his things, Divine Doctor Liu secretly let out a sigh of relief!
“I’ll leave you alone now that I’ve given you everything ……”
After saying that, that Divine Doctor Liu slowly stepped back, intending to turn around and leave!
“Did I tell you to leave?”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice!
Divine Doctor Liu’s body burst, and then said with a crying face “I …… I gave you everything, if you feel that it is not enough, I can return to the mansion and send you another batch over.”
“It seems like you still have things on you that you haven’t taken out, right?”
Chen Ping slowly asked!
“Nope, I have …… on me.”
Before Divine Doctor Liu could finish, he suddenly froze, as if he knew what Chen Ping was talking about!
Chen Ping was definitely referring to the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!
This Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was a precious thing, and Divine Doctor Liu did not want to take it out!
But now in this situation, there was nothing he could do!
Only to see Divine Doctor Liu slowly reach into his pocket, and then took out the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!
“This is the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, with this, it’s able to make your strength soar.”
After saying that, Divine Doctor Liu handed over the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!
Chen Ping took the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng and threw it into his storage ring without even looking at it!
“Alright, now you can die ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a light suddenly flashed by!
“You ……”
Divine Doctor Liu was shocked, but before his words came out, his head instantly flew out!
Immediately after that, a strand of dead qi emerged from the broken neck and was sucked into Chen Ping’s stomach with his mouth open!