Inside the Imperial City!
Xiao Yuanshan, with many cultivators from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, had also just witnessed that terrifying scene!
Originally, Xiao Yuanshan was planning to bring people to block the guy who rushed into the Imperial City!
But he had just made preparations, and he hadn’t even seen the person clearly, only to see a white light in the void, striking the black shadow, directly causing the other party to fly away in ashes!
Although Xiao Yuanshan did not see who the person was, he was certain that the other party’s strength far exceeded his!
Just like that, it went up in smoke without a word!
“Father, is this …… this the qi that Mr Shi has given to my Xiao Dynasty?”
Xiao Feng asked with a staggered expression!
“It should be!”Xiao Yuanshan nodded!
If Mr Shi had given the Xiao Imperial Dynasty thousands of years of Qi Luck, then it meant that within these thousands of years, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty would never be in danger!
In that case, as long as the people of Xiao Imperial Dynasty did not casually walk out of the boundaries of Xiao Imperial Dynasty, then the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty could be said to be an invincible existence!
No one would be able to enter the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to kill.
Chen Ping also did not expect that with a wave of his hand, Mr Shi would be able to protect the Xiao Imperial Dynasty for a thousand generations!
It was really too awesome ……
“Mr Chen, almost all of the breaths around the Xiao Imperial Dynasty left, but now there are only three breaths that have still been guarding the sky above the Xiao Imperial Dynasty for a long time!”
Xiao Yuanshan came to Chen Ping’s room and said!
“I will go and meet these three, I reckon that they won’t leave until they wait for me!”
Chen Ping seemed to already know the identity of the three people, so he slowly got up and walked out of the room immediately after, his body leaping up!
The three of them, Lin Kefan, in mid-air, were waiting for Chen Ping to appear when they suddenly noticed a vibration in the void!
Chen Ping’s figure slowly appeared, and seeing Chen Ping arrive, Lin Kefan did not seem surprised!
The Flower Staff Weng and Ink Killing Shadow looked at Chen Ping in front of them and looked a little surprised, perhaps they did not expect Chen Ping to be so young!
“Are you three here for the Execution Order?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Lin Kefan’s trio!
In fact, Chen Ping had already known Lin Kefan’s identity, only that he could not admit it!
Now Chen Ping could only pretend to be confused, he was beating and cursing his great uncle, and he also cursed his mother in law, Chen Ping could only pretend to the end now!
As the saying goes, those who don’t know don’t sin, Chen Ping didn’t know Lin Kefan’s identity of them, so even if there was something excessive, it was still justifiable!
“We are ……”
The Flower Cane Weng was about to open his mouth to announce himself, but Lin Kefan raised his hand to stop him, and then said to Chen Ping, “That’s right, we are running towards the Execution Order!”
Chen Ping sized up Lin Kefan and suddenly smiled, “You have already reached the Immortalisation Realm, this realm can already be said to have no desires, why are you so attached to a mere 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones?”
Lin Kefan frowned slightly, he didn’t quite understand what Chen Ping meant!
One hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, how come in Chen Ping’s mouth, it seemed like it was nothing great?
This fellow, just how thick was his family’s bottom, that he couldn’t even look at one hundred thousand immortal spirit stones?
“What are you pretending, this is 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, it’s still only 100,000, what are you pretending to be a rich second generation!”
The Flower Staff Weng said to Chen Ping with great disdain!
“Although I am not a rich second generation, but a hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, I really don’t have it in my eyes.”
“If you guys lack Immortal Spirit Stones, just hang out with me directly, I can give them to you!”
Chen Ping laughed!
“What?”
Lin Kefan and the three of them were dumbfounded, they never thought that Chen Ping would pull them in!
“I won’t hide it from the three of you, I have a vein of Immortal Spirit Stone ……,” Chen Ping continued.
The three of them fell silent ……
Immortal spirit stone vein?
What a niche word, one must know that a long time ago in the Celestial Realm, the Immortal Spirit Stone veins were all mined out!
Today’s Immortal Spirit Stones were all picked up and put together little by little!
That’s why Immortal Spirit Stones are very rare nowadays!
Otherwise, so many experts at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm would be able to be at the mercy of the world for a hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones!