“God King’s Bow, how did this guy get a God King’s Bow in his hand?”
Old Sun looked at his broken arm and asked with an incredulous expression!
Everyone else was also staring at the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand and couldn’t help but frown, after all, the Divine King Bow was famous in the Celestial Realm!
How could they not figure out how the Divine King Bow had appeared in the hands of Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the Transition Realm!
“Really underestimated this kid, it seems like there must be some forces behind this kid!”
Old Cao said in a low voice!
Patriarch Zhou did not say anything, instead, his fingers kept pinching, seemingly calculating something!
A few moments later, Patriarch Zhou’s face became incredibly ugly, then without moving, he looked towards Tian Luo and Tian Sha and said, “Don’t brake and rush in a while, run behind me ……”
“Patriarch, that Chen Ping, even if he has a Divine King’s Bow, he is only at the Transition Realm, we will definitely be able to kill him if we do it together.”
“Why are you still thinking of running? How humiliating ah ……”
Tian Luo said in great disbelief!
With so many of them, how could they be afraid of Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm!
“Pah ……” Patriarch Zhou directly gave Tian Luo a slap!
“What the hell do you know, old me pinched it out, this kid has someone behind him, can’t afford to mess with him.”
“A moment later you love to run or not, if you die, don’t blame me on it!”
Patriarch Zhou gave Tian Luo a slap on the face and said!
Seeing this, Tian Luo didn’t dare to speak anymore!
“Old Zhou, you guys don’t have any other skills, but you’re quite good at beating up disciples.”
Old Cao said to Patriarch Zhou!
Patriarch Zhou didn’t pay attention to him, but looked around, thinking about how to run in a while!
“Alright, than said, let’s go together, we must kill this kid, he must have quite a few good things on him.”
Old Sun said with an ugly face!
He himself, a fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, was chopped off all the way to the palm by a small cultivator of the Ferrying realm, this was too humiliating!
“Okay, let’s go together ……”
Old Cao nodded!
“Kill ……”
Old Sun roared and charged towards Chen Ping!
Old Cao then followed closely behind.
“Run ……” Patriarch Zhou, however, shouted and ran with Tian Luo and Tian Shi!
Old Sun and Old Cao froze, stopping to stare blankly at Patriarch Zhou and the three of them!
The three ran faster than a rabbit, and in the blink of an eye, there was no trace of them!
“F*ck ……”
Old Sun exploded, “What are they doing?”
“Scared away by a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, this Old Zhou is too much of a wimp, isn’t he?”
Old Cao was also filled with disbelief!
“This life-hungry guy, when we get back, I’ll definitely report to the Alliance Master, and I’ll have to give this guy a good beating.”
Old Sun’s face was full of anger, then continued, “Old Cao, the two of us can also exterminate that Chen Ping, just so that we can equally divide what he has on his body, and we can also get a hundred years of offerings.”
“Can the two of us do it?”
Old Cao saw Patriarch Zhou running away with his disciples, and his heart began to drum!
Old Sun frowned tightly and said, “Why can’t we do it, the two of us at the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm, can’t we still deal with that Chen Ping? Don’t hesitate, if that Xiao Dynasty’s people come, we will be passive.”
Old Cao looked at the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand and finally clenched his teeth, “It’s a deal, kill that Chen Ping, I want the Divine King Bow ……”
Old Sun could only nod his head helplessly and said, “Good, as long as you kill that Chen Ping, the things are yours to pick!”
“Do it ……”
Upon hearing this, Old Cao instantly came into the spirit!
The two turned into a stream of light and headed straight for Chen Ping!
Even if that Old Sun had broken a palm, surprisingly, his strength was not affected!
Seeing this, Chen Ping took a deep breath and put away the Divine King’s Bow, that strike just now had long since consumed almost all of his Dao Pattern Fury!
Gripping the Dragon Cutting Sword with both hands in a death grip, Chen Ping intended to explode with a final strike!