“D*mn it, who drank the wine I gave to Mr. Chen? Stand out for me!”
Lin Tianhu was furious as his gaze swept over the Chen Baoqiang family!
This time, the family was scared to death, each with a pale face, except that their gazes all looked towards Li Lei.
“Don’t …… don’t look at me, don’t look at me, I didn’t say anything, you guys think that, it has nothing to do with me ……”
Li Lei was so frightened that his legs trembled and he directly P*ssed himself!
The name of Lin Tianhu was like a thunderbolt to his ears, now to make Lin Tianhu angry, that was not looking for death!
“So it’s f*cking you kid, who the hell are you that I need to serve you wine?” Lin Tianhu rushed to Li Lei in two steps and took Li Lei by the collar: “Spit out the wine for me!”
Boom …………
Lin Tianhu smashed his fist into Li Lei’s abdomen, directly causing that Li Lei to scream out in pain.
“Tiger …… Master Tiger, don’t hit, this is my son, for my sake don’t hit!”
Seeing this, Li Weijian hurriedly stepped forward and pulled Lin Tianhu!
“f*ck you, what are you, I give you face, you a health bureau chief, are you worthy?”
Lin Tianhu kicked Li Weijian away and gave a beating towards Li Lei!
Beating Li Lei to the point where he cried out like a ghost, scaring the Chen Baoqiang family into curling up in the corner, their bodies shaking so much that they couldn’t stop!
“Master Tiger, wine more money, I pay you, pay you …………”
Li Weijian can’t watch his son get killed, he can only say pay for it!
“This is limited edition Maotai, one bottle is half a million, two bottles is one million!”
Lin Tianhu yelled at Li Weijian!
“One …… one million?”
Li Weijian was instantly dumbfounded!
He was just a health bureau chief, one million was not a small amount to him!
Although he hadn’t made a lot of money over the years, he couldn’t afford to take it out after it was in his hands!
“If it’s too much, then let your son spit out the wine!”
Lin Tianhu said and threw a few more punches at Li Lei’s stomach, causing him to wail and wail!
“Master Tiger, don’t hit, don’t hit, I’ll give, I’ll give …………”
Li Weijian took out his mobile phone and transferred a million dollars through his teeth!
Receiving the money, Lin Tianhu then let go of Li Lei and walked over to Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, it’s all my fault for not arranging it properly, I’ll have someone get the wine right away!”
Lin Tianhu ordered someone to go and get the reserve version of Maotai wine again, while Chen Ping looked at the shivering Chen Baoqiang family with a sneer!
“Who just said that if I don’t pay for my meal, Lin Tianhu will skin me?”
Chen Ping got up and walked towards Chen Baoqiang’s family!
Chen straight was so frightened that he couldn’t even stand, curling up in the corner, leaving Chen Baoqiang and Li Shuzhen shielding behind him!
“Chen Ping, it’s all second uncle’s fault, don’t bother with Chen Zhi, he’s still a child, second uncle will pay for this meal, second uncle will pay ……”
Chen Baoqiang prayed to Chen Ping!
“Lin Tianhu, settle the bill!”
Chen Ping said to Lin Tianhu.
Lin Tianhu nodded and swept a glance and said, “Two hundred thousand in total!”
“Two hundred thousand? What have we eaten for two hundred thousand?”
When Li Shuzhen heard this, she immediately shrieked.
“Shut up!” Chen Baoqiang glared at Li Shuzhen!
“What, is it too much? Do you want me to give you a sum of money to calculate?”
Lin Tianhu said with a slight gaze in his eyes!
“No, no, we’ll pay!” Chen Baoqiang hurriedly shook his head and took out his mobile phone to pay the bill!
At this moment, Chen Baoqiang regretted to death, if he had known he would not have ordered so many dishes, at that time, in order to make Chen Ping look bad, he directly ordered so many dishes without even looking at them, this time he lifted a stone to smash his own feet!
“Mayor Ling, the treatment in Hongcheng City is really not low, a health bureau director, an office director, take out hundreds of thousands of dollars for dinner, not even blinking an eye!”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Ling Zhenchuan.