Shen Ji Zi pondered for a moment, then whispered, “I know of an auction, only to enter the auction, everyone has to pay a million spirit coins, so …………”
“I will pay the money out for you, take me there ……”
Chen Ping knew what that Shen Ji Zi meant, this guy didn’t want to spend money!
As soon as he heard Chen Ping say so, he immediately smiled with joy and said, “Good, I will take you there now, I have never been inside before!”
Shen Ji Zi led Chen Ping through the market, and then came to the front of a hall, and at the entrance of this hall, two seventh grade cultivators of the Transition Realm stood guard!
Seeing the strength of the guards, Chen Ping could not help but be a little staggered, as he increasingly felt that the owner behind this underground market was not ordinary!
Seeing Shen Ji Zi and Chen Ping arrive, one of the guards then stretched out his hand!
Chen Ping was stunned, and Shen Ji Zi hurriedly said, “Give money ah ……”
Only then did Chen Ping understand and hurriedly took out two Purple Gold Spirit Coins and handed them over!
Seeing the Purple Gold Spirit Coins, the two guards dodged left and right, and then both of them made a gentle wave at the same time.
Chen Ping and that Shen Ji Zi were all enveloped by a mysterious aura, which was like an aura shield that wrapped the two people!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, instinctively trying to resist!
“Don’t move, it’s fine, this is to prevent the aura from leaking out, anyone who enters inside is not allowed to expose their aura, and then change their appearance so that they won’t know who is who.”
“Because there are some things inside this auction that are worth a lot of money, this is done to ensure the safety of the purchasers, wouldn’t it be dangerous if they were targeted.”
Shen Ji Zi followed Chen Ping and talked about the rules!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he realised that this was to protect the interests of the purchaser!
This was also to prevent that, if there were multiple people competing for an item, the purchaser would definitely end up being secretly targeted, but if the identity of the purchaser was not known, and even the breath could not be detected, when they left the auction, they would not know who it was!
Chen Ping followed Shen Ji Zi into that temple, at this time, there were already quite a few cultivators sitting inside, only that the appearance of these cultivators was true or false, that was not certain!
Chen Ping followed Shen Ji Zi to find a back seat and quietly waited!
After about ten minutes, one after another, a few more cultivators entered!
Immediately after that, the door of the temple closed and the entire temple was wrapped in a force!
“Time’s up, the auction will begin next, some of you are old and some are new, so I’ll go over the rules once more.”
“All items are awarded to the highest bidder, no one knows your identity here, so don’t have the luxury of using your identity to deter others, no matter if you’re an ordinary casual cultivator or a clan elder, you’re treated equally here.”
“This auction only recognises money, not people, no one should think of causing trouble here, or else suffer the consequences!”
A white-haired old man slowly walked onto the stage and said in an extremely cold tone!
This old man surprisingly did not hide his aura, and his strength at the peak of the Ferrying Realm was revealed.
Perhaps this was also to better deter the people at the scene!
The old man’s words were indeed very useful, and the scene that had just been a little noisy became quiet at this moment!
Seeing that the crowd was honestly quiet, the old man continued, “There’s also our rule here, which is that the purchase is finalised and will not be returned.”
“Before you shoot, you have to look at the value of the item yourself, feel the value of the shoot, not worth it, do not shoot, and so you shoot to hand, tell us that it is a fake, we can not be responsible.”
This old man’s words, but also reasonable, the auction is like this, you go to see yourself, feel the value on the auction, not worth it, no one will pay for your choice!
This time is to test everyone’s experience, really if you buy fake goods, that can be laughed at, lose a wife and lose a soldier!