Chen Ping was inwardly relieved to see Dong Jiahao coming, and smiled slightly towards him, “Brother Dong, thank you!”
Dong Jiahao blushed, “Brother Chen Ping, you don’t blame me, I’m already content.”
At this time, Dong Liqun also walked over, and when he saw Chen Ping, Dong Liqun’s expression was a little embarra*sed.
He did not know how to speak after Chen Ping.
“Family Head Dong, thank you ……”
Seeing Dong Liqun, Chen Ping also spoke out to thank him.
“Mr. Chen, don’t be like this, you are like this, I am even more ashamed of myself ……”
Dong Liqun had a face of shame.
And Ning Zhi’s face turned ugly as he looked at what was happening in front of him.
If there was only one Chen Ping, Ning Zhi had absolute confidence to kill Chen Ping.
But now Dong Liqun had brought the Dong family with him, and besides, Dong Liqun was a Martial Marquis, and with the addition of Chen Ping, these people from the Ning family were not necessarily a match.
Ning Zhi did not expect that Chen Ping would bring the Dong family’s people with him.
It turned out that Chen Ping did not barge in on the Ning family recklessly, after knowing that Ning Zhi was anxious about the many experts, Chen Ping went to the Dong family.
He hoped that the Dong family would step in to help him out.
This was because Chen Ping knew that the Dong family followed the Ning family and also had an unbreakable feud!
Especially after Dong Jiahao had been tortured by Ning Zhi, Dong Liqun had become even more hateful towards the Ning Family!
So Chen Ping took advantage of this and made a trip to the Dong family during the day, and with Dong Jiahao in the mix, so Chen Ping followed the Dong family and soon reached a partnership.
They joined forces to destroy the Ning family, just in time to avenge their respective deaths.
Although Chen Ping was reckless some times, it did not mean he was stupid.
“Ning Zhi, how you treated me, today I will return it a hundredfold ……”
Dong Jiahao looked towards Ning Zhi, his eyes full of killing intent.
Ning Zhi’s face was gloomy, clenching his teeth as he seemed to be thinking about something.
“Kill for me …………”
Dong Liqun had long been covered in rage, as the head of the Dong family, he had been tricked by Ning Zhi, a junior, and had lost face in front of many sects and families!
This was something Dong Liqun could not tolerate, and this time the Dong Family had become the laughing stock of everyone in the martial arts world.
Today he would get his face back.
After a furious shout, the Dong Clan shouted in unison and went towards those of the Ning Clan to kill them.
As for Dong Liqun himself, his breath rose up in a tyrannical manner, killing a half-step Martial Marquis of the Ning Clan with a single strike!
After all, there was still an unbridgeable gulf between Martial Marquis and Half-step Martial Marquis.
When Ning Zhi saw this, his heart trembled, “Follow me, all of you ……”
Soon, several Ning Clan experts surrounded Dong Liqun, while the others followed the Dong Clan’s men and began to melee!
Ning Zhi turned and ran off into the distance, he knew that these people from their Ning Family would not be able to resist for long.
“Brother Chen Ping, that Ning Zhi is going to run ……”
Dong Jiahao hurriedly warned Chen Ping after he saw that Ning Zhi was going to run.
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, while then with a long leap, he landed in front of Ning Zhi.
“You want to leave?”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Ning Zhi coldly.
Ning Zhi’s face was hard to see, his current strength was no match for Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, my father is still in seclusion, if you kill me now, my father will definitely not let you go after he comes out of seclusion.”
Ning Zhi brought out his own father and threatened Chen Ping.
“You should be glad that your father is in seclusion, otherwise I would have killed him along with him ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with killing intent, he would not let Ning Zhi go.
Those who had died in the Valley of the Wicked, Chen Ping had to avenge them!
Ning Zhi looked at the determination on Chen Ping’s face and knew that no matter what he said, there was no way he could get Chen Ping to let him go.
A flash of viciousness pa*sed through Ning Zhi’s eyes, and suddenly a red and black dagger was in his hand, before stabbing towards Chen Ping.
Clang ……
There was a crisp sound, followed by splashes of fire!
Ning Zhi used all of his true qi, and the dagger was made of tungsten steel, extremely hard and sharp.
It was only a pity that the dagger was directly shattered into two pieces when it touched Chen Ping’s body.