The snakes are cut off, but there’s no way to stop them, they’ll merge again!
They can’t be burnt, they can’t be chopped off!
Chen Ping had a headache!
“Don’t worry about the cold mist, as long as the person who performed it dies, the cold mist will be eliminated.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord reminded him!
Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, and then he performed his Fire Steps, and his figure instantly disappeared!
When Chen Ping’s figure reappeared, he was already in front of Munayi!
Die…”
Chen Ping swung his sword towards Mu Naiyi!
Liao Naiyi didn’t dodge, but laughed wildly with a struggling face, “Hahaha, you want to kill me, you’re delusional…
After saying that, Mu Naiyi’s body was rapidly expanding, as if it was going to explode!
Boom!
With a loud bang, Mu Naiyi’s body instantly exploded, and a blood-red chill filled Chen Ping’s body!
At this moment, everyone was dumbfounded!
They didn’t understand how Mu Nai Yi could explode himself.
But Chen Ping knew that this guy was not blowing himself up, but rather, he had merged himself into the blood mist!
Chen Ping had utilised his divine sense to the fullest, but he was unable to capture Mu Nai Yi’s aura at all!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only desperately retreat, trying to get out of the cold mist!
However, the cold air followed Chen Ping’s body as if it had a life of its own!
Chen Ping only felt that his movements started to slow down and his body became a little stiff!
”The strength of the Mahayana realm is indeed powerful, too difficult to deal with…”
Chen Ping’s movements were getting slower and slower, and frost had started to appear on his body!
These frosts were actually blood red in colour!
Soon, Chen Ping had turned into a bloody man, only that it was not his own blood!
Seeing this scene, Bing Lu and the others were very worried!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the many cultivators also looked desperate!
If Chen Ping lost, would they be able to escape?
As Chen Ping was frozen and the blood mist began to coalesce, Mu Naiyi’s figure appeared in mid-air again!
“Your turn…”
Mu Naiyi looked coldly towards Ouyang Zhenhua and the others!
This time, these people were terrified!
How could they escape Mu Nai Yi’s cold mist of blood qi?
One face full of panic, they want to escape, but their bodies seem to be uncontrollable, their legs are even more stiff and incomparable!
Ouyang Zhenhua and others, can only watch the cold fog swept towards them!
And they can only sit and wait for death, there is no way, not even the ability to resist!
Seeing the people to be covered by the cold fog, suddenly 10,000 light emanated from Chen Ping’s body, the entire Wuji Sacred Sect was filled with a warm feeling!
Immediately after, a golden light flew out, Chen Ping’s body frozen frost, but in an instant was shattered!
Everyone stared at the golden light with wide eyes!
Even Chen Ping was looking at it with a puzzled and unbelievable expression!
Mu Naiyi’s face was grave, and his expression became complicated!
No one knew what the golden light was, not even Chen Ping himself!
The golden light slowly converge, the crowd only then see, in mid-air is actually a jade slip!
And after the golden light converged, the jade slip suddenly fell down, directly into Chen Ping’s hands!
Chen Ping, holding the jade slip in his hand, was also full of confusion!
This is the Wuji Order given by the Master of the Wuji Sacred Sect, and it contains the legacy of the Wuji Sacred Sect!
This is just a record, how can it fly out by itself?
Just when Chen Ping couldn’t figure it out, the three words “Wuji Order” actually flashed with light!
The light travelled around the Wuji Order, creating a strong storm of breath!
Only a fierce wind could be heard, and all the aura in the heavens and the earth was shaken by the storm!
A huge vortex began to take shape, and a huge suction force seemed to suck the entire Wuji Sacred Sect into it!
The aura of heaven and earth, the immortal aura, and the cold aura. …….
All of the breath was sucked into the Wuji Order, and even the void was sucked up and distorted!