“Humph!”
Zhou Tianyin snorted coldly as his body’s powerful energy pushed!
Where their sword qi met, a brilliant light suddenly exploded!
Boom!
The terrifying sword diaphragm fell, and a deafening explosion rang out!
The ground even throbbed violently, endless smoke and dust rose into the sky, and the terrifying aftershocks thundered out in all directions!
It was as if the world was coming to an end!
Even a magnitude 10 earthquake would not have been as terrifying!
The whole mountain was cut off by a meter under this blow.
“Sister, is Brother Chen going to be alright?”
Xiao Min asked nervously to Ji Ru Xue as she looked at the horrifying scene before her eyes.
Ji Ru Xue was clenching her teeth to death at the moment, clenching her fists so tightly that her nails were set into her flesh.
She didn’t know if Chen Ping could resist it or not, and she didn’t know if something would happen to Chen Ping.
If something really happened to Chen Ping, she was afraid that she wouldn’t want to live, after all, Chen Ping had offended the Zhou family in order to save her.
The man in black, who was hiding behind the boulder, had his brow furrowed tightly and several talismans squeezed in his hand.
He seemed to be worried for Chen Ping too, if it was him who was following Zhou Tianyin in the battle.
Faced with this heavenly mighty attack, he would not be able to resist at all, and I am afraid that he would have been pulverised long ago.
At this moment, however, Zhou Tianyin was frowning, staring in awe and suspicion at the place where Chen Ping was!
The moment the Sword Deity erupted, he actually felt an indestructible aura!
“What’s that? Did that kid not die?”
Zhou Tianyin waved his hand with an ugly expression, and a fierce wind suddenly appeared, blowing away all the smoke and dust, and the scene in the field gradually emerged in front of the crowd.
Only to see that there, unexpectedly, a large crater three metres square had appeared!
The big pit was bizarre, generally bowl-shaped and flat around it, as if it was a huge iron ball that had been pressed hard into the ground and left behind.
And at the bottom of the big pit, Chen Ping was standing in the centre, covered in blood.
“Surprisingly, he really didn’t die?!”
Seeing this scene, Zhou Tianyin was stunned!
Such a terrifying attack couldn’t even kill Chen Ping?
“Today, one of us must die!”
Chen Ping’s head was lowered, and Zhou Tianyin could not see his expression.
But his voice, however, was incomparably cold, without the slightest hint of emotion!
It caused Zhou Tianyin’s heart to tremble.
Chen Ping dried the blood on his face with his hands, then slowly walked up from the bottom of the big pit.
With each step, a bloody footprint was left behind.
He just walked towards Zhou Tianyin one step at a time.
Zhou Tianyin’s heart was filled with unease and he could not help but drink, “What are you doing? Stop right there! Or else don’t blame me for being ungracious!”
Chen Ping took two more steps forward before he stopped.
At that moment, the two were only five metres apart!
Then, Chen Ping jerked his head up and looked towards Zhou Tian Yin!
Boom!
Zhou Tianyin’s heart and soul shook wildly!
Chen Ping’s eyes were bloodshot, and his eyes were filled with murder, hatred, death, and madness!
“You must die today!”
Chen Ping roared lowly, word for word!
Just at the moment when Zhou Tianyin was dazed, Chen Ping charged towards Zhou Tianyin.
“Not good!”
Zhou Tianyin’s heart jumped wildly, and without thinking, he was about to dodge.
However, it was already too late!
This was a strike that Chen Ping had been planning for a long time!
With all his spiritual power, he charged directly towards Zhou Tianyin!
There were no flashy stances, just a rampant charge.
This was Chen Ping’s intention to follow Zhou Tianyin to the end.
However, Chen Ping himself knew that he was gambling that his original baby would not be damaged and that his physical body would still recover.
However, when the others saw that Chen Ping was going to follow Zhou Tianyin to his death, they were all surprised.
“Chen Ping ……”
“Big Brother Chen ……”
Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min cried out in shock.
And when that Zhou Tianyin saw Chen Ping rampage over so desperately, he was also slightly stunned.
The man in black behind the boulder was startled and leapt up immediately afterwards.