“Escape?”The corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted, “He won’t escape, I know him ……”
Ning Zhi knew that it was impossible for Chen Ping to escape, since he had taken the trouble to lure him here, how could he possibly escape!
As for the sudden outbreak of that aura just now, that was indeed a trap made by Chen Ping, it was just that the trap couldn’t be that simple, if Chen Ping made a trap that couldn’t even deal with these demonic cultivators in front of him, Ning Zhi didn’t believe that Chen Ping dared to lure himself over here at all!
Chen Ping also really didn’t explode the power of the Demon Subduing Array, just now just exploded a small spell formation, he was to prevent Ning Zhi from discovering his Demon Subduing Array, so he laid down so many small formations ahead of time, used to confuse the public!
Speaking of which, right now both Chen Ping and Ning Zhi were guessing what the other was thinking!
If it were anyone else, they might have fallen for it long ago and then plunged headlong into the Dead Sea!
However, Ning Zhi was very calm, even though he particularly wanted to kill Chen Ping, he was still calmly analysing the situation!
After Chen Ping had forced those demonic cultivators back, he was also waiting for Ning Zhi’s action, he didn’t kill the dozen or so demonic cultivators in order to lure Ning Zhi into a trap!
If he made a move and killed all those demonic cultivators, it was expected that Ning Zhi would turn his head and run away!
This guy, he didn’t have any dignity to speak of, as soon as he saw that the situation wasn’t right, he’d turn his head and run away, he wouldn’t hesitate at all!
As for face and dignity, they were worthless in Ning Zhi’s eyes, and his life was the most valuable!
After following Chen Ping for such a long time, Ning Zhi’s character is also understood by Chen Ping!
Seeing that guy Ning Zhi, not the slightest action, Chen Ping is a little anxious!
After all, that big formation, not a minute and a second is a huge consumption!
If this Ning Zhi was slow to enter the Demon Subduing Formation, Chen Ping could not keep spending time with him!
“Since you don’t take the initiative, then I will take the initiative!”
Chen Ping knew that he had to come up with something exciting to make that Ning Zhi fall for it!
Thus, Chen Ping’s body violently rushed out of the sea, his body’s aura steeply erupted, and then he slapped out a palm!
Chen Ping’s palm, surprisingly, directly caused the entire overhanging sky to flare up, and several fire dragons began to roar, before heading towards Ning Zhi and the others!
For tens of miles in a radius, thunder rolled and black clouds covered the area as a thunderbolt struck down from the sky!
With the fire origin coupled with the thunder and lightning origin, Chen Ping exploded with an astonishing battle power right out of the gate!
Chen Ping’s eyes were sharp, the aura within his body was unabashedly being released, even abandoning everything, it looked like he was planning to fight for his life!
Chen Ping had to be this unreserved in order to let Ning Zhi know that this time, Chen Ping was planning to fight for his life!
While executing these means, Chen Ping’s body was wrapped up in the Unbreakable Golden Body!
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping’s Undying Golden Body, his face was hard to see, when he was in the secular world, he had also suffered from Chen Ping’s Undying Golden Body!
“Chen Ping, is this the only means you have? If this is the only means you have, then you don’t deserve my hand.”
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping and said with a cold snort!
Although Chen Ping’s first strike was a fire origin as well as a lightning origin, with the fire dragon and lightning attacking at the same time, Ning Zhi still did not look at it!
“I have more means ……”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword appeared in his hand, and along with a wave of the Dragon Slashing Sword, countless sword blade storms began to shoot out!
Fire dragons, thunderbolts, sword blades …………
Chen Ping alone, the strength that erupted out was definitely more than just the Ferrying Realm!
Those devil cultivators who had not seen Chen Ping’s strike were all shocked when they saw this scene, after all, Chen Ping’s realm was only the seventh rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm!
Yet the strength of this strike had reached the Mahayana realm!
All of the demonic cultivators had taken out various means to defend themselves, protecting Ning Zhi behind them.