“What’s this? How did I come back again?”
Chen Ping’s face was full of incredulity.
He emotionally ran for half a day and came back to the original place, Chen Ping didn’t feel like he changed direction, so how could he come back!
“Senior White Brother, did you change your place and deliberately wait for me here?”
Chen Ping always felt that Bai Chicory was aware of the direction he was travelling in and deliberately came here to wait for himself so that he could feel like he was back in the original place!
“Do you think my speed will be faster than yours?”
“Even if my speed is faster than yours, could I still carry that thatched hut along with me?”
White Chicory said as he pointed at the thatched hut!
Chen Ping looked at that thatched hut and his entire being was bad, he was really back to square one!
“Impossible, how can this be possible ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his feet gave a beat, and his body once again rushed out as if it was a bullet!
Chen Ping deliberately changed his direction, but after flying for a while, he unexpectedly saw the white chicory again!
Chen Ping had no choice but to open his Heavenly Underworld Eyes, he wanted to see if this place was an illusion!
Was he caught in an illusion!
But after looking for half a day, he found that there was nothing different, he could not even see the formation, but Chen Ping himself just could not get out!
Always returning to the original position!
“I just don’t believe it ……”
Chen Ping violently sacrificed his Dragon Beheading Sword, the flames on the Dragon Beheading Sword rose, and then he fought his way forward and chopped out!
Boom!
The enormous sword qi entrained with monstrous flames began to shoot forward continuously!
A mountain was flattened by this sword qi, while Chen Ping followed after that sword qi!
If there really was an illusion formation or any other formation, then this sword would directly give him a hard break to break through and break out!
This time Chen Ping was confident, as long as he followed the sword Qi, he would not be circling back!
However, just after flying for a few moments, Chen Ping only felt a chill at his back, followed by a dangerous aura!
“Who dares to sneak attack me ……”
Chen Ping was startled, and in a panic, he turned around and slapped out a palm!
Boom!
With this palm, Chen Ping slapped directly on top of the sword qi before a huge explosion occurred!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded as he looked at the scene in front of him, it turned out that this sword qi was the sword qi that he had just chopped out with his Dragon Cutting Sword!
I don’t know what happened, but it even arrived directly behind him and almost injured himself!
“What the …… hell is going on here?”
Chen Ping was speechless, then asked, “Senior, do you …… you know what’s going on?”
“Don’t ask me, I don’t know, I don’t know anything about the art of formations, such a complicated thing, only a fool would learn it.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord shook his head!
Chen Ping had no choice but to fall back to the ground again, seeing the playful smile of the white chicory, Chen Ping became even more embarrassed!
He had just wasted so much time for nothing!
“Senior Brother Bai, this is tantamount to forcibly forcing me to cultivate Divine Patterns ah?”
Chen Ping said helplessly!
“You could say that!”White Chicory nodded!
“Then how long do I have to practice until I can leave? Is it until I have practised all the Divine Patterns?”
Chen Ping continued to ask!
“That I don’t know, anyway, I haven’t practiced it completely yet, and I’ve never left here before.”
White Chicory said!
“What?”Chen Ping was instantly shocked, “Could it be that Senior White Brother has never left this place?”
“Haven’t left, but I’m very content with myself, when I come across a high person like Master White, just follow the cultivation properly, why would I need to run around.”
“Isn’t that what we want, to cultivate into an immortal, without worldly matters to worry about, we can cultivate better!”
White Chicory persuaded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, White Chicory was alone, no one would look for her if she didn’t leave this place, and she was fine!
But Chen Ping can’t ah, he now has so many people around him, and there are so many women, no one can leave him!
So Chen Ping must leave this place!