Just as Chen Ping was remorseful and at a loss for words, suddenly the Great Luo Golden Code in his sea of consciousness flickered to life!
A white light flashed, and Chen Ping was surprised to find that he had regained control of his body again!
And the remnant soul of that Red Cloud Demon Lord returned to the sea of consciousness, looking around with a confused expression!
The Great Luo Golden Canon sensed Chen Ping’s danger, so it forcefully forced the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch back, allowing Chen Ping to regain control of his body!
“Pfft …………”
After Chen Ping regained control of his body, a mouthful of blood sprayed out!
The golden arrow feather on the God King’s bow also quickly disappeared, and the red lines on Chen Ping’s body also disappeared!
Even that terrifying demonic aura disappeared without a trace in an instant!
Elder Tu felt the changes in Chen Ping’s body and instantly understood what was going on when he saw that Chen Ping’s strength was greatly reduced after he spat out a mouthful of blood!
“Hahahaha, you borrowed the demonic soul to enhance your strength, but you didn’t expect to suffer a demonic soul backlash, this time I’ll see if you still won’t die!”
Elder Tu’s confidence increased and he laughed loudly!
Then a palm came towards Chen Ping, while Chen Ping frowned and his body instantly retreated towards the back!
“Hmph, I’ll see where else you can escape ……”
Elder Tu snorted coldly and instantly increased his speed to the fastest and chased towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had killed so many of their Ghost Face Sect disciples, Elder Tu would never let him go!
Otherwise, he would have no way to explain himself when he returned!
Chen Ping had only fled two steps before stopping, because in front of him was the magma river that was already boiling!
Chen Ping glanced at the magma river, which was so deep that he could not see the bottom, and at the moment, it was flowing very quickly, and the flames were constantly rising up to the sky!
Seeing Elder Tu who was catching up, Chen Ping had no choice but to throw the puppet out once again!
Using the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign’s Supreme Fire Essence Spirit as its driver, the puppet followed that Elder Tu into a battle as soon as it appeared!
The puppet had no life, so it didn’t have any fear!
For a while, Elder Tu followed that puppet and fought hard!
Chen Ping knew that the puppet wouldn’t last long, not to mention that Chen Ping couldn’t possibly watch the puppet get destroyed!
The Fire Essence Spirit could not be lost. If the puppet was destroyed, the Fire Essence Spirit might be damaged or lost!
Chen Ping used this period of time to think harder and think of ways to deal with Elder Tu!
However, after thinking about it, Chen Ping didn’t have any good solutions, Chen Ping could now escape the Magma River and head straight to the Divine Volcano!
But then, he would be luring Elder Tu to the Divine Volcano, and then Elder Yu and the others would be in danger!
Looking at the puppet that would soon be unable to support itself, and having a look at the magma river in front of him, Chen Ping decided to jump into the magma river to escape!
Just get rid of this Elder Tu!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping beckoned the puppet back with a wave of his hand!
Elder Tu, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping, his eyes full of smugness as he said, “Kid, let’s see where you are going to escape this time ……”
“If you want to see it, then let’s see it!”
Chen Ping coldly smiled, then with firm eyes, he turned around and jumped down towards that magma river!
“Sh*t …………”
Elder Tu rushed forward, but Chen Ping’s body had already fallen straight into the magma river!
Chen Ping plunged headlong into the magma river, feeling the scorching heat around him, as Chen Ping’s sudden jump in caused the heat waves within the magma river to begin to distort, shooting straight up into the sky!
Chen Ping’s body was wrapped in magma as he was falling deeper and deeper into the magma river!
As Chen Ping went deeper, the sizzling sensation was getting thicker and thicker!
Chen Ping could only desperately head towards the depths in order to escape that Elder Tu’s pursuit!
Chen Ping’s body finally landed at the bottom and then walked around the bottom of the magma river!
He had to leave this location as soon as possible!
It was impossible for Elder Tu to detect his aura because it was wrapped in the heat of the magma!
However, if Chen Ping did not move here, the other party would definitely be able to find him if they jumped down as well, so Chen Ping had to shift his position!