“You talk too much ……”
Chen Ping violently waved his palm, and a flame arrived instantaneously!
No one was able to react, and that Elder Tu directly burst into flames, accompanied by a scream, and was burned alive by the to fire!
The crowd that saw this scene were all shocked!
However, it was obvious that many people had greed in their eyes, a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, that wasn’t a small amount!
If the entire Purple Flame Sect got their hands on it, then the Purple Flame Sect would not have to worry about resources for a hundred years!
“Chen Ping, so you’re Chen Ping, no wonder you can defeat Liu Sh*tong, but you’re hiding your identity and coming to our Purple Flame Sect is definitely no good.”
“Now reveal your true colours, let me see what the person who was put to death by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings looks like!”
Huo Dong slowly stepped forward and said coldly!
“Since you want to see, then let you see enough!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, the aura on his body flowed, and his appearance was changing!
Soon, a handsome, handsome, young face appeared!
“It’s him …………”
Gu Tianzhao frowned!
“Elder Gu, you know this brat?”
Huo Yuanting asked!
“Not bad, when I was in the Wantong Pavilion, it was this kid who badgered me, I’m going to teach him a good lesson today!”
Gu Tianzhao said!At the beginning when Chen Ping struck, he just felt that Chen Ping’s aura was wanting, now he could be sure that it was Chen Ping who had badgered his good deed!
As for the others, when they saw Chen Ping’s face, all of them were in an uproar and talking!
Especially Zhu Ling and Qian Xiu two girls, their hearts were thumping, when Chen Ping did not reveal himself, the two of them actually had a good feeling towards Chen Ping!
Now that Chen Ping had revealed his true colours, he was so handsome and suave that when big girls and little daughters-in-law saw him, they all had weak legs and golden eyes!
The old Sect Master, on the other hand, was all smiles when he saw his daughter’s expression.
At this moment, the one who was actually the most surprised and incredulous was that Wei Qing, who had always viewed Chen Ping as a Junior Brother!
Even when Chen Ping had shown extraordinary strength, Wei Qing had tried his best to defend Chen Ping!
But now, this Junior Brother of his was actually Chen Ping.
This Chen Ping who had been hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance and was famous in both the Celestial and Human Realms!
Wei Qing burst into a bitter smile and said somewhat helplessly, “Master, you have sort of found a good disciple for our Purple Flame Sect ah……”
Elder Yu looked embarrassed, he also didn’t even know it was Chen Ping, he just brought Chen Ping in for the benefit of money!
“Duke Huo, this person has a bit of a grudge against me, I’ll settle the grudge first, Duke Huo will decide on this person!”
Gu Tianzhao said as he took a step out and arrived beside Huo Dong!
Huo Dong froze and looked at Gu Tianzhao and said, “Elder Gu, what do you mean by this, following our Purple Flame Sect to compete?”
“A hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, Elder Gu’s heart is also moved, right?”
Huo Dong thought that Gu Tianzhao was trying to follow him to compete, if Gu Tianzhao killed Chen Ping, then wouldn’t the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings be that Two Yi Sect’s!
“Duke Huo has misunderstood, I do have some issues with this Chen Ping and am not following your Purple Flame Sect to compete.”
“I will never kill him, I will only trap him and torture him properly, in the territory of the Purple Flame Sect, how could I possibly do something to compete for it!”
Gu Tianzhao hurriedly explained!
While Huo Dong wanted to say something else, Huo Yuanting spoke up, “Huo Dong, Elder Gu won’t compete with us, let him clean up that brat and take out his anger properly ……”
Seeing that Huo Yuan Ting had spoken, Huo Dong then slowly retreated back!
Gu Tianzhao, on the other hand, faced Chen Ping, his eyes slightly condensed as he asked in a cold voice, “Kid, do you still remember me?”
“I don’t remember trash like you who won’t even let go of a child ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!