“Elder Wind Demon, remodelling your physical body is very difficult, and your strength will drop greatly in the early stages, Elder Yin Demon is also remodelling his physical body, he has the Undead Valley to support him, and his strength isn’t very strong right now.”
“At the very least, your strength is still good now that you are possessing someone else ……”
Chen Ping said to Wind Demon!
“You don’t understand, possessing someone else’s body, your strength will be limited, if I am able to remake my flesh, although it will be tough at first, but it will get better and better later on, when my flesh is remade successfully, I will also be able to return to the peak, which is the same as living once again.”
“Besides, this stinky skin, I’ve long been annoyed with it, or my own flesh looks good, this stinky skin, with a hairy face, it’s hard to pick up a girl!”
Wind Demon said very helplessly!
Pfft …………
Chen Ping couldn’t help it, he directly laughed out, he didn’t expect this guy, Wind Demon, to be able to say something like this!
“Senior Wind Demon, where is this Heavenly Demon Stone?”
Chen Ping still didn’t know where the Heavenly Demon Stone was, and there was even no way to help Wind Demon find it!
“Mr Chen, I know that the Heavenly Demon Stone is on top of the mountain in the Heavenly Demon Mountain Range, and that this kind of stone is something that can be found but not sought.”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was a bit speechless, this kind of thing that could be encountered but not sought, where was he going to find it?
“You don’t need to be in a hurry, just keep an eye out for the Heavenly Demon Stone for me.”
“Come over here, I’ll tell you two phrases, as to whether you can penetrate that Time Spell, it’s up to your own perception.”
Wind Demon beckoned towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping came over, while Wind Demon whispered two sentences in Chen Ping’s ear!
After speaking, the Wind Demon patted Chen Ping on the shoulder and said “I believe that you will be able to comprehend ……”
“Elder Wind Demon, is this time magic weapon able to reverse time, bring people back to life, or even turn back the clock?”
r> Chen Ping asked curiously!
“What are you thinking?”
The wind demon stared blankly, “but also time reversal, even if it is the Great Luo Golden Immortal, also do not have the ability to make time reversal ah, you know that time controls thousands of worlds, you want to make time reversal?”
“When this time magic weapon is used well, it can suspend a specific amount of time in a specific area, or it can go back in time, only it’s not a time reversal, but it takes your divine sense back to what happened before.”
“That is, you can see and hear, but you can’t do anything, after all, it’s only your divine sense that’s brought over, to bring your physical body to travel back in time, this magic weapon can’t do that yet.”
“But whether the immortal weapons in the hands of those True Immortals can do it, I don’t know ……”
After listening to Wind Demon’s explanation, Chen Ping was considered to have a preliminary understanding of the clock, and he also knew the mantra, now it was up to him to realise it on his own!
“Many thanks to Senior Wind Demon for his guidance.”
Chen Ping said with great gratitude!
“Haha, I should be the one to thank you, if it wasn’t for you releasing me from the Devil Suppressing Pagoda in the first place, I would still be suppressed right now.”
“Originally I thought that if I wanted to see you at the Heavenly Demon Mountain in the Celestial Realm, it would still take a long time, but I didn’t think that your brat’s strength had risen so quickly, now that it’s only the first rank of the Transition Realm, I’m afraid that you don’t even have the fifth rank of the Transition Realm cultivators in your sights, right?”
Wind Demon laughed!
“This is also thanks to the Holy Light Fist of Senior Wind Demon ……”
Chen Ping slapped Wind Demon on the back!
“Alright, don’t pat me on the back, none of you are allowed to say anything about my current identity.”
“I can still only walk as a Beast Race, when we find the Heavenly Demon Mountain, remember to contact me, I have sound transmission jade slips here, I’ll give you one to facilitate our contact.”
“You must treasure it, this sound transmission jade slip has cost me a lot of spirit coins ……”
Wind Demon said as he gave Chen Ping a sound transmission jade slip!