Everyone looked at that Master Luan, not understanding what Master Luan meant by that!
At this moment, only to see that Master Luan directly put his hand into his sleeve, and then grabbed a black gourd from his sleeve!
This gourd is black in color, there are some carved runes on it, it looks very delicate, but it gives people a gloomy feeling!
The moment that Master Luan got the gourd, he directly opened the gourd and shouted towards Chen Ping, “Kid, let you taste the power of my Heaven Swallowing Gourd!”
After saying that, an incomparably powerful suction force erupted from within that gourd!
Chen Ping didn’t even have time to react, he only felt that the space around him felt like it was imprisoned in an instant, and his body was out of control for a moment!
Chen Ping saw that around him, the entire space and time seemed to have stopped, no matter how he moved, he seemed unable to escape!
Then he felt a blackness before his eyes, and was directly sucked inside that gourd by that huge suction force!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping …………”
Seeing this, the youngest sister cried out in alarm!
“How is it gone? Could it be that Mr. Chen was sucked inside that gourd?”
Xiong Broad said with a face full of shock!
Even that Qian Yue and Youngest Sister’s brother were looking incredulously at Master Luan, their eyes staring deathly at the gourd in his hand!
Such a small gourd had instantly subdued Chen Ping, an arrogant and powerful fellow!
This was also too outrageous!
“Master Luan, this …………”
Even Qiu Tu was shocked beyond words!
Master Luan was very satisfied with the expressions of the crowd, so he proudly sealed the gourd!
Just now he followed Chen Ping to perform various techniques, but it was only to confuse Chen Ping, so that Chen Ping would think that his own art of formation was nothing powerful, so that Chen Ping would relax his guard!
In that case, then this precious gourd would be able to work!
In this way Chen Ping could not avoid it, but still obediently be subdued by himself!
And the more bullish Chen Ping starts to act, the more he can finally reflect his own superiority!
This was just Master Luan’s small mind!
“Sir Qiu, this Heaven Swallowing Gourd was created by my master by gathering dozens of formation masters.”
“You shouldn’t look at this gourd as being small, but it contains hundreds of formation arts, and it also contains the most mysterious formations of space and time.”
“If that Chen Ping is sucked inside this gourd, even if he has three heads and six arms, he will never be able to escape, I will make him suffer from the pain of wind blades devouring his body inside.”
“By then he will obediently beg for mercy and beg me to release him!”
Master Luan was very proudly following Qiu Tu as he introduced his gourd!
Qiu Tu listened to that and looked incredulously at the gourd and asked, “Master Luan, can this gourd really swallow heaven and earth?”
“That is of course, but also can only swallow up a hundred feet of heaven and earth, he can make this within a hundred feet, time stops, space conversion!”
Master Luan said proudly!
“Bull, too bull, simply bull to the top ……”
“I really did not expect, Master Luan hands there is such a treasure it, in the future our Qiu family, we have to rely on Master Luan.”
Qiu Tintu at the moment for Master Luan, that is respectful!
“Well said, well said ……” Master Luan said with a faint smile!
Qiu Tu looked at Qian Yue and the youngest sister’s brother, then said, “I’ll send someone over right away, and you guys continue to mine the Immortal Spirit Stones.”
“That Chen Ping has already been captured, these three people are useless, just kill them!”
Qiu Tu wanted to kill the two siblings, the youngest sister and Xiong Kuang!
When the youngest sister’s brother heard this, he looked a little flustered and stepped forward and said, “Mr. Qiu, you can just leave these three people to me to deal with, I’ll make sure to get rid of them!”