Loudly hissing, still rushing outside!
“What is this thing?”
Chen Ping frowned, not expecting that inside this ancient ruin, how could there still be such a monster?
“It’s not a monster, it’s just a morphing talisman!”
Pocky Hu said, reciting the words under his breath, followed by an additional talisman from his hand, followed by flying towards the monster!
Boom!
Just after the incantation came close to the monster, suddenly rose up in flames, the monster let out a few hisses, and instantly disappeared!
And on the ground, there was an additional piece of yellow paper, on which the monster had just appeared!
Only this yellow paper also in an instant, burned to ashes!
Chen Ping looked incredulously, and then looked to Hu Pazi asked: “This …… this incarnation talisman, so powerful? If you draw yourself on this talisman, won’t there be an additional person?”
Hu Pazzi nodded: “Theoretically it can, but I have never seen one that knows this incarnation talisman.”
“If this wasn’t the lowest level of transformation talisman, it would be impossible to rely on me to break it!”
When Chen Ping heard this, his eyes flashed up with a brilliant aura, if he learned this talisman and drew a few people out, wouldn’t that be a lot more helpers?
Hu Pazi seemed to see what Chen Ping was thinking, so he laughed: “This transformation talisman also has limitations, even if you can draw yourself, then the transformation into you, will not survive for three days, and the strength will only be half of what you are.”
“So, you should not think too well of things, but if you really learn this incarnation talisman, it is possible to get out of it at a critical time!”
Chen Ping listened, a little disappointed, and then his eyes looked at the black copper robe that had long been scared silly!
“What did you see when you went inside?”
Chen Ping asked to the black bronze robe.
And that black bronze robe’s eyes were godless, and his mouth kept chattering, “Hell, this is hell, this is hell ……”
“It looks like this guy is scared silly ……”
Hu Pazi said with a disdainful laugh.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, his expression was grave, the ancient ruins that could scare a Martial Marquis silly, the degree of danger inside, can be imagined!
At this time, that Broken Heart Sect Patriarch had already hurried over with his people, and when he saw a black bronze robe, he immediately knelt down and worshiped!
“Lord Black Bronze Robe, these two people in front of you have trespa*sed on my clan, please also step in and catch the two ……”
The Broken Heart Patriarch said with righteous indignation.
He did not know now that the black bronze robe in front of him had lost his mind and had become a fool!
Chen Ping and Hu Pazzi glanced at each other and then laughed.
The two men’s laughter caused that Severed Heart Sect Patriarch to instantly look dumb!
“You want a fool to catch us?”
Pocky Hu asked with a laugh.
“A fool?” The Broken Heart Patriarch was full of confusion!
“You see if he is a fool ……”
After Hu Pazzi finished speaking, he viciously kicked the black copper robe and kicked the man directly in front of the Broken Heart Patriarch.
“Hell, this is hell, help …………”
The black bronze robe kept muttering!
The Broken Gut Patriarch looked on in disbelief, then cautiously shouted, “Lord Black Bronze Robe? Lord Black Bronze Robe?”
But the black bronze robe acted as if he hadn’t heard, and his mouth kept talking about hell!
This time, the Broken Heart Sect’s Patriarch was dumbfounded, completely dumbfounded!
“Do you think he can still catch us in this state now?”
Chen Ping asked with a faint smile.
Poof …………
The Broken Heart Sect Patriarch instantly knelt to the ground.
“Spare my life, please spare my life, master ……”
All those other members of the Broken Gut Sect also knelt to the ground!
“You are all members of the Kyoto Martial Alliance, how can I spare you?”
Chen Ping’s face turned grim!
As long as they are members of the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance, Chen Ping will not spare any of them!