Chen Ping nodded, then looked into the mid-air and slowly said, “With so many powerful auras, it seems that the 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones are indeed tempting!”
Xiao Yuanshan froze and said, “Mr Chen knows about the Ten Halls Execution Order?”
“Of course I know, these people should all be running towards me, right?”
Chen Ping laughed!
Xiao Yuanshan nodded and then told him about what happened after Chen Ping quenched his body!
“Mr Chen, these people are all hidden forces from the Celestial Realm, I have seen three of them, all of them are at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana Realm, all of them are not to be underestimated!”
“Right now, they don’t dare to step inside the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to look for trouble from you, I think it’s better for you to stay in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, don’t go out easily.”
Xiao Yuan Shan said!
“Peak 9th level of the Mahayana Realm?”
Chen Ping smiled and suddenly his body instantly disappeared into thin air!
Xiao Yuanshan was shocked and immediately yelled, “Everyone out, protect Mr Chen ……”
In an instant, throughout the Imperial City, hundreds of cultivators flew up into mid-air, following Chen Ping!
“Here it comes ……”
Lin Ke Dong looked at the hundreds of cultivators flying out of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s Imperial City and said with a faint smile!
Soon, Chen Ping appeared in front of Lin Ke Dong!
Chen Ping took a glance at Lin Ke Dong, as well as Lin Ruoya behind Lin Ke Dong, and relaxed quite a bit in his heart!
Because the two had joined forces, Chen Ping was not afraid!
“Second rank of the Mahayana realm, not bad, not bad ……”
Lin Ke Dong looked at Chen Ping with a condescending demeanour and laughed coldly, “You are Chen Ping?”
“Not bad, who are you?”
Chen Ping asked!
“The person who killed you ……,” Lin Ke Dong said, his figure juggled and arrived in front of Chen Ping!
Without the slightest delay, Lin Ke Dong struck out at Chen Ping!
He needed to kill Chen Ping as soon as possible, get the 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, and then return to Sun Moon City before he could do so, to avoid a long night’s sleep!
Lin Ke Dong’s figure approached like lightning, however, the moment he was about to strike, Chen Ping’s figure disappeared in place like a phantom. Lin Ke Dong’s attack fell short, and a trace of shock flashed across his eyes.
“How is this possible!”
Lin Ke Dong was shocked in his heart, and then he felt a chill come over him.
He turned around violently, only to see that Chen Ping had already appeared behind him, a contemptuous smile hanging at the corner of his mouth.
“This speed of yours, it really disappoints me.”
Chen Ping said softly, and then he slapped his palm out, hitting Lin Ke Dong squarely in the back.
Lin Ke Dong let out a muffled grunt as his body flew forwards like a kite with broken strings, hitting the ground heavily and sending dust flying.
Not far away from the brocade-robed man, the two of them witnessed this scene, and they sucked in a breath of cool air, their hearts shaken.
“Is this the strength of the second rank of the Mahayana Realm?”
The slim man said in a low voice, his eyes filled with incredulity.
Lin Ke Dong climbed up from the ground, his face as gloomy as water, his heart burning with rage. He did not expect that he would be in such a sorry state in front of Chen Ping, and his heart was even more chagrined.
The attack just now was completely and easily defused by Chen Ping, and he did not even have a chance to counterattack.
“Do you dare to come again?”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, a teasing light flickering in his eyes.
“You ……” Lin Ke Dong was so angry that his face was twisted, and he secretly gritted his teeth in his heart.
He knew that he was not Chen Ping’s opponent, but he was by no means willing to fail in this, so he took a deep breath and mobilised his entire body’s spiritual energy, preparing to launch another attack.
“Hmph, how ridiculous.”Chen Ping shook his head, then with a flash of his body, he once again appeared in front of Lin Ke Dong, his spiritual energy condensed in his hands, turning into a ray of light that pushed straight towards Lin Ke Dong.
“Don’t you come over!”Lin Ke Dong retreated in terror, however, he was unable to escape at all, Chen Ping’s speed was incredibly fast, instantly forcing him to the brink of extinction.
“Is this the result you wanted?”Chen Ping coldly smiled as the light in his hand instantly erupted, striking straight at Lin Ke Dong’s heart.