“Prime Minister Yu, what do we do?”
Xiao Feng was a bit indecisive at the moment, if the fight continued, they were afraid that their Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s Mahayana Realm experts would die or be injured!
The people from that Demon Sealing Alliance, however, were not afraid of death at all, even if these demonic cultivators died, they were afraid that they would not be able to shake the fundamentals of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
No one had thought that the Demon Sealing Alliance had bred so many devil cultivators behind their backs, and many of them were also experts of the Mahayana realm!
An alliance organisation to eliminate demons and defend the way of the world had become a gathering place for demon cultivators at this moment, it was more or less ironic to say the least!
“Don’t worry, Your Majesty, we still have Cangwolf City’s experts who haven’t arrived yet, when they arrive, none of these Demon Sealing Alliance people will be able to run away.”
Prime Minister Feather said!
“Prime Minister Feather, that Cangwolf City is just a small border town, how many experts can there be ah, it is estimated that there are a few experts in the Mahayana realm that would be good.”
Xiao Feng sighed lightly, these few Mahayana Realm experts coming over would not be able to change the battle situation!
Just as Xiao Feng’s words had just fallen, there was suddenly a loud rumble!
The pitch-black black mist in the sky was all shaken away in this loud bang!
The Imperial City, which had just been filled with black mist, became bright at this moment, while a single, powerful aura came from afar!
Crackling ……
Suddenly, in the sky, thunder began to flash, and these thunder were not thunderbolts, nor were they ordinary lightning!
Rather, they were crimson red thunderbolts that carried a few degrees of pressure, and each one of them burst out with terrifying power, causing all of the people present to feel suffocated!
Everyone couldn’t help but raise their heads to the sky as that oppressive force came closer and closer!
Feeling this power, no matter if it was the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance or the guards from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, all of them were breathing heavily!
Everyone’s face was very ugly, because they didn’t know which camp on both of their sides the possession of this power belonged to!
Yu Wenqiang felt this power with a few moments of shock in his expression!
He knew who this was coming, but he didn’t expect that there would be someone with such strength amongst the other side.
Gradually, the figures of dozens of cultivators slowly appeared in the crowd’s line of sight!
Among them, the leader was a young-looking cultivator, dressed in crimson armour, with a heroic aura!
And beside this cultivator was an old monk, his wide sleeve robes bulging, a streak of crimson lightning shooting out from within those wide sleeve robes!
“Your Imperial Son, it is the Cang Wolf City’s people who have come!”
Yu Wenqiang said to Xiao Feng!
Xiao Feng, on the other hand, was shocked and looked incredulously at these people in front of him, each one of them was at the strength of the Mahayana Realm, especially that old monk, his strength was so terrifying that he could not even see the realm!
“Prime Minister Yu, when did Cangwolf City have so many experts? Could it be Father’s backhand?”
Xiao Feng thought that these people were arranged by Xiao Yuan Shan long ago!
Yu Wenqiang did not reply as he did not know how to answer Xiao Feng because that Xiao Jian was indeed arranged by Xiao Yuanshan in Cangwolf City!
It was only that Xiao Jian had developed his forces to such a large extent that it was also out of Yu Wenqiang’s expectation!
And that Elder Chu had a smile on his face after seeing Xiao Jian arrive!
Xiao Jian brought dozens of Mahayana Realm experts with him as he looked down at everyone in the arena!
Now it was all up to Xiao Jian’s whim as to who could win between the Demon Sealing Alliance and the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Prince Xiao, you’ve come at the right time ah ……”
Elder Chu saw Xiao Jian and said with a slight smile!
Xiao Jian did not say anything, instead, he dropped his gaze onto Xiao Feng, the elder brother he had never met!
And Xiao Feng also felt Xiao Jian’s gaze and followed Xiao Jian’s four eyes!
However, hearing that Elder Chu call Xiao Jian as Prince Xiao, Xiao Feng was blinded straight away!
“Prime Minister Yu, who is this person? What is his position in Cangwolf City?”
“Why hasn’t he come to worship me when he arrived in the Imperial City?”
“And what is the matter with the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance, calling him Prince Xiao?”
Xiao Feng asked Yu Wenqiang!