Lan Yingying frowned tightly, staring dead at the illusion formation on one side, now the illusion formation had been broken, not only had it been broken, but the other party had also destroyed their illusion formation directly!
One must know that this illusion formation was personally laid down by the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace, but he didn’t expect it to be destroyed just like that!
“I’d like to see what kind of person is it? It’s not even enough that he broke through the illusion formation, but he even destroyed it.”
Lan Yingying gritted her teeth, very angry inside!
At this moment, Chen Ping, after destroying the illusion formation, looked at a path and slowly walked towards the outer gate palace!
Through the illusion formation, this path would lead straight to the outer gate palace!
The path was full of snow, obviously no one had cleaned it, and proved that this path had never been walked on!
“I wonder what kind of person went through the illusionary formation, if he is handsome, I will take him.”
“This kind of cultivator who can break into the Guanghan Palace, his strength will definitely not be bad, where will it be your turn then.”
“I also want to couple with this kind of person.”
The few female cultivators in the Outer Sect Palace, one by one, had glowing eyes!
As outer disciples of the Guanghan Palace, they were allowed to couple with male cultivators, and they also knew their mission, which was to find potential male cultivators to couple with!
This was also done to indirectly increase the strength and influence of Guanghan Palace!
Since they were looking for a daoist couple, who wouldn’t want to find a handsome and capable cultivator!
These female cultivators were all full of anticipation, while Lan Yingying glared fiercely at these female cultivators, causing all of them to shut their mouths!
First of all, no matter who this person was and what skills he had, but destroying the Guanghan Palace’s Illusion Formation was something that had to be given a statement!
Soon, a figure slowly appeared from the path!
Everyone waited quietly, no one spoke, the crows were silent!
When the silhouette approached, Lan Yingying instantly froze, her eyes wide with disbelief!
She did not expect that the one who had broken through the illusion formation was actually Chen Ping!
> A third grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm that she simply despised!
Lan Yingying still remembered what she had said at that time, that a third grade cultivator of the Transitional Appearance Realm did not even have a chance to enrol!
But now, Chen Ping had actually come barging into the Guanghan Palace alone!
“So it’s you?”
Lan Yingying looked at Chen Ping and said unexpectedly!
“Not bad, it’s me, since you guys didn’t bring me, I can come in by myself!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile towards Blue Yingying!
The others were also shocked after seeing Chen Ping!
“This guy is only in the third grade of the Transition Realm, how is it possible for him to pass through the illusionary realm?”
“Not only did he pass through the illusion realm, he also destroyed the Guanghan Palace’s formations, this is causing trouble!”
“Where is this kid from, how come I don’t recognise him?”
Numerous cultivators looked at Chen Ping and discussed!
That Mu Kui was also looking at Chen Ping with a slight frown, he didn’t know why, but he always felt that there was something familiar about Chen Ping!
However, as Chen Ping had changed his appearance and his breath had been restrained, Mu Kui did not recognise him!
After seeing Chen Ping, those female cultivators who had just been bent on forming a Dao couple with Chen Ping were all a little disappointed!
“This is not even good looking, what a disappointment!”
“Third grade of the Transition Realm, I thought he would be an expert.”
“Who just said that they want to couple up with him, hurry up and go!”
These female disciples of the Guanghan Palace whispered!
Lan Yingying didn’t care about those female cultivators, but looked at Chen Ping angrily and said “Since you passed the illusion formation, why did you destroy our formation? This was an illusion formation that our Palace Master personally laid down, and now that you have destroyed it, you must give us an explanation!”
When Chen Ping heard this, his face instantly turned cold and said “I think it should be your Palace Master who should give me an explanation, right? Call your Palace Master, I have something to ask her!”
As soon as Lan Yingying heard that Chen Ping was so arrogant, she could not help but become even more enraged!