“Divine Doctor, please take me as your disciple!”
Dr. Sun said, and kowtowed to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping opened his mouth, but found that he had no strength at all, while that Su Yuqi looked at Dr. Sun in shock, “Dr. Sun, what’s wrong with you? My father still hasn’t woken up yet?”
Su Yuqi didn’t understand, her father obviously hadn’t woken up yet, so how come this Dr. Sun was shouting that Chen Ping was a miracle doctor!
“Miss Su doesn’t know, the divine doctor just used the Nine Revolutions Soul Restoring Needle, which can heal even the dead, so Mr. Su is definitely fine!”
Doctor Sun followed Su Yuqi and explained.
“So powerful?”
Su Yingxia looked at Chen Ping with some disbelief, if what that Doctor Sun said was true, then this Chen Ping could really be called a divine doctor.
“I didn’t expect you to know about the Nine Revolutions Soul Restoring Needle!”
Chen Ping said with some surprise as he took two breaths.
This Nine Revolutions Soul Restoring Needle was an ancient needle technique that had been lost for a long time, and this was something Chen Ping had learnt from the old leader, so he did not understand how this Doctor Sun knew about it.
“Divine Doctor, I am Sun Song, the vice president of the Hongcheng Chinese Medicine a*sociation, I have seen this needle technique in an ancient book, I never thought I would be lucky enough to see the Divine Doctor administering the needle today, I would also like to ask the Divine Doctor to accept me as his disciple.”
With that, Sun Song began to kowtow to Chen Ping.
Sun Song’s behaviour caused Chen Ping to be somewhat at a loss for words, and just then, a few coughs sounded and Su Wenzong woke up!
“Dad!” Su Yuqi reacted and hurriedly went forward to help Su Wenzong up, but was pulled by Chen Ping: “Miss Su, you can’t move now, wait until I take out the silver needles from your father’s body!”
Chen Ping took Su Yuqi’s delicate hand, which was soft and warm in his hand, causing Chen Ping’s heart to stir, while Su Yuqi also seemed to feel the warmth of Chen Ping’s hand, and blushed, “Thank you!”
Chen Ping hurriedly let go of Su Yuqi, settled his mind, and waved his hands in front of Su Wenzong, and the eighty-one silver needles were sucked into Chen Ping’s palms!
“That’s fine!”
Chen Ping handed the silver needles back to that Sun Song and said to Su Yuqi.
At this moment, Su Yuqi did not dare to have the slightest doubt in Chen Ping, and after saying thank you, she went forward to help Su Wenzong up, tears of excitement coming out of her eyes.
“Dad, how are you feeling?”
Su Yuqi asked as she helped Su Wenzong up.
“I’m fine, quite well!”
Su Wenzong smiled faintly, but when he saw Sun Song kneeling on the ground, he was filled with confusion and said, “What’s going on?”
Su Yuqi could only tell the story of Chen Ping saving him with the Nine Revolutions Soul Restoring Needle, and when Su Wenzong finished listening, he was astonished.
He felt that Chen Ping should have two tricks up his sleeve if he could tell what was wrong with his body, but he didn’t expect it to be so powerful that even Sun Song, the vice president of that Chinese Medicine a*sociation, had to kneel down and worship his master!
“Little brother, this is the second time you have saved me, from now on, you are my Su family’s great benefactor, as long as you say the word, I will never refuse to do what I can do for Su!”
Su Wenzong said with an excited face.
“Mr. Su is very polite, it’s just a matter of raising your hand, besides, you have been doing good deeds for a long time, this is also your blessing!”
Chen Ping said indifferently, but his words then turned, “Although I have temporarily saved your life with the Nine Revolutions Soul Restoring Needle, if you don’t treat this disease, you won’t live more than three months at most!”
Hearing this from Chen Ping, Su Wenzong knelt down in front of Chen Ping with a poof: “I beg you, sir, to save my life, I am willing to give my life’s fortune!”
Su Wenzong was so scared that he stopped calling Chen Ping “Little Brother” and changed his title to “Sir”, he was really afraid that Chen Ping would not save him.
In order to live, he was willing to give all his family’s wealth to Chen Ping. As the richest man in Hongcheng, Su Wenzong had a lot of a*sets, and now he was actually giving them all to Chen Ping, which was something that anyone who saw it would envy.
“There is no need for Mr Su, since I have come across it, I will naturally save you, only that I still need some rare herbs, so I need you to go and get the herbs ready before I can do so!”
Chen Ping didn’t have the money to buy medicine for Su Wenzong, and all these herbs he needed were worth a fortune, so ordinary people couldn’t really prepare them all!
“Sir, just say what you need!” Su Wenzong hurriedly nodded, and then turned to Su Yuqi, “Yuqi, quickly prepare paper and pencil to record it down!”
Chen Ping felt uncomfortable when Su Wenzong suddenly changed his name to sir, so he said, “Mr. Su, my name is Chen Ping, you can just call me by my first name!”
“How can that be, Mr. Chen is my life-saver, my Su family will never forget it!”
Seeing Su Wenzong’s stubbornness, Chen Ping didn’t insist, instead he wrote a medicine list full of pens and paper and gave it to Su Yuqi!
“Mr Su, most of the medicines on this list are the herbs you need, but there is a small portion for my mother, my mother is blind and needs some herbs if she wants to be cured!”
Chen Ping truthfully followed Su Wen Zong and said.
Chen Ping’s mother, Tang Hongying, had lost her eyesight because she had cried for too long, so to cure it was actually not a difficult task for Chen Ping!
It was just that with his current ability, he was afraid that it would still be a little difficult to prepare the medicinal materials for the treatment, so he simply let the Su family prepare it together.
However, there were two things that Chen Ping was worried that the Su family would not be able to find, one of which was a brush with a certain amount of spirituality, such as those used by literary magnates for a long time, which had a spiritual nature.
Or perhaps brushes made from animal hair with a spiritual nature would do, these brushes with a spiritual nature are just one!
Vermilion is also needed. Although vermilion is now common, the vermilion that Chen Ping needs to use has to be made from a small-leaved sandalwood or old mountain sandalwood that is over a hundred years old, and in conjunction with the spiritual brushes, when the time comes, after just a few dots on Tang Hongying’s eyes, he will basically be able to see things.
Although these two things, Chen Ping also wrote on the list, but he did not expect the Su family to find these two things, these two things can be found, but can not be found, and besides, only those who know, can tell!