“Forgive you, you wouldn’t dare ……”
Su Yuqi smiled smugly!
Lin Tianhu left, Gu Ling’er originally wanted to leave too, she really couldn’t eat Su Yuqi’s cooking, but just two steps away, she was dragged back by Su Yuqi, she had to taste her cooking couldn’t!
Chen Ping ate happily and complimented Su Yuqi’s cooking as he ate, which made Su Yuqi’s heart burst with joy!
Seeing Su Yuqi looking at her, Gu Ling’er could only reluctantly pick up her chopsticks and eat a little!
Halfway through eating, Chen Ping’s mobile phone rang, standing up Chen Ping put the call through!
“Brother, are you in Hongcheng?”
As soon as the call was answered, Chen Yingxia’s voice came through!
“Yes, what’s wrong Yingxia?” Chen Ping was a bit nervous, he thought Chen Yingxia had encountered some difficulties!
“Brother, Song Tie is having a concert in Hongcheng in five days, I think you are capable, can you find a way to get a few tickets?”
Chen Yingxia asked in a small voice.
“OK, no problem!” Chen Ping agreed straight away!
When he saw Chen Ping agree, Chen Yingxia hung up the phone happily, but after agreeing, Chen Ping was a bit helpless, originally he did not want to follow that Song Tie to have any encounter, Chen Ping was also a normal man, that Song Tie was a first-cla*s beauty, no matter her appearance or body, Chen Ping was really afraid that if he followed that Song Tie to have more contact, he would make a mistake!
But now there is no choice but to contact that Song Tie and ask for a few tickets ……
Chen Ping loaded his phone up and sat back down at the table!
“Whose phone is it?” Su Yuqi asked curiously.
“Ying Xia’s, she wants to see a concert and asked me to get her a few tickets ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Do you have a way to get them? These tickets are so hard to get, you can’t even get them at a higher price now, and I haven’t got them either!”
When Gu Ling’er heard this, she hurriedly asked Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded: “Can ……”
“Then you have to get me one too ……”
Gu Ling’er believed in Chen Ping’s words, with Chen Ping’s strength, it shouldn’t be difficult to get a few tickets!
“OK ……” Chen Ping said without hesitation!
“I’m so envious, to find a boyfriend who is capable is simply too happy, everything can be solved ……”
Gu Ling’er looked enviously at Su Yuqi, this envy was not feigned, it was real envy!
“If you are envious, let you have half of it ……”
Su Yuqi said with a bad smile!
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you want.
Just when a few people were about to finish their meal, suddenly the doorbell rang!
“Who will come?” Su Yuqi was a bit puzzled, knowing that it was rare for anyone to come here.
“I’ll go and check ……”
Chen Ping got up to check it out!
When he opened the door, he saw a pretty girl outside standing in the doorway, and although she was wearing a big sunshade, Chen Ping could tell at a glance that the girl was Song Tie!
“You really do live here ……”
Song Tie’s face burst into a smile upon seeing Chen Ping!
“How did you …… find your way here?” Chen Ping was startled and peeked back to look at Su Yuqi!
This if the two met, he didn’t even know how to explain, especially the way Song Tie looked at himself with a strong love, if this was seen by Su Yuqi, Chen Ping didn’t even dare to imagine what the consequences would be!
“It’s not that simple, didn’t you give the address to my father? I’m here to bring you the stone ……”
Song Tie pointed to a van not far away and said, “Inside are all the stones you want, I came over to deliver them to you, won’t you invite me in for a seat?”
“Put the stones down, you go back, it’s not very convenient now, I’ll contact you later, just as I have something to ask you!”
Chen Ping said, slightly anxious!
“What’s the matter? Is it about the concert?” Song Tie smiled faintly!