But those people did not have that evil demon aura on them.
Whereas those black-robed people of the Martial Alliance, each one of them was boarded with spirits and was covered in an evil demonic aura!
Perhaps it was because of the different philosophies of these two demon races that they were completely separated.
Chen Ping felt that he would really have to re-examine the so-called evil cultivators and demon races in the future.
“Actually, our Patriarch is the most loving person I’ve ever met, and every time I see him I feel like a father!”
Zhou Jie’s eyes shone with adoration.
Looking at Zhou Jie like that, Chen Ping then frowned slightly and said, “Your patriarch wears a mask and speaks strangely, and doesn’t feel as good as you say he does?”
“That is because you have never seen our Patriarch before, our Patriarch used to look even more courteous than the current Vice Patriarch.”
“It’s just that a fire five years ago caused our Patriarch’s face to be ruined, and the Patriarch’s temperament has changed quite a bit, and I haven’t said a word after the Patriarch since then.”
Zhou Jie spoke of this incident with a few moments of sorrow evident on her face!
“Is your Vice Patriarch very senior in your Demon Spirit Sect?”
Chen Ping saw that Song Qingping wasn’t very old, yet he was able to become the Vice Patriarch of the Demon Spirit Sect!
Moreover, looking at that Song Qingping’s performance today, it seemed that he had more power than even the Patriarch.
So Chen Ping asked curiously.
“Our Vice Patriarch has only been here for six years, even later than me, except that our Vice Patriarch has outstanding abilities, and since our Patriarch had an accident, he was made Vice Patriarch to help take care of the affairs of the Demon Spirit Sect.”
Zhou Jie said.
When Chen Ping heard this, he frowned slightly, he always felt that something seemed wrong somewhere, but he couldn’t tell what was wrong!
That Song Qingping had treated him with respect and seemed sincere, and had told Chen Ping all the secrets within the Demon Spirit Sect!
But Chen Ping always felt that Song Qingping was very confused, he couldn’t see through it!
“Hmph, what outstanding ability, isn’t he just good looking? At a glance, it’s just a little white goods ……”
On the side, Hu Ma Zi saw Zhou Jie praising Song Qing Ping and immediately became unhappy, so he coldly snorted.
“What are you talking about …………”
Zhou Jie frowned slightly and looked at Hu Puzi in the face of anger!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly said to Zhou Jie, “Miss Zhou, sorry, we are going to take a break ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping pulled Pocky Hu away!
“Humph, as soon as I saw that little white face is not a good person, this silly girl, she must have been cheated ……”
Hu Pazzi looked jealous when he saw that Zhou Jie cared so much about that Song Qingping!
“Well, whether or not they were cheated, that is someone’s business, but that Song Qingping, I always feel something is wrong, but I can’t tell!”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown.
“What? Didn’t have a good deal today? Is that place a resource place of the Demon Spirit Sect?”
Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping like that, so he asked.
Chen Ping shook his head, “The Demon Spirit Sect doesn’t have any resource lands, but they do have a very magical map.”
Chen Ping then followed Pocky Hu and told him carefully about what he had done in the Great Hall!
“It’s amazing that there is such a magical map in this world, it’s also too incredible.”
After hearing this, Pocky Hu also exclaimed in amazement!
This kind of map that could predict the growth of precious medicinal herbs was simply unheard of!
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu for another day in the secret realm, and the two of them were very bored!
After all, the secret realm was too small and there was basically nothing, so the two planned to go out and have a couple of rounds at the South Lake!
Another important reason why Chen Ping wanted to go to the South Lake was that he wanted to know if that Zheng An Guo was really capable of sucking the creation out of a city!
After getting permission, Zhou Jie took Chen Ping out of the secret realm after Hu Ma Zi, and then went to the South Lake!