“Mr Chen, the token to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, I’ve got it for you, if that surname Kong dares not give it, I’ll fight him ……”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder took out a token and handed it over to Chen Ping!
“Thank you Ghost Elder, does this token need to be for everyone?”
Chen Ping asked!
Luo Shouhai nodded “That’s right, it requires everyone to have a token to enter, but for ordinary tokens, you only need to pay spirit coins or use resources to exchange for them.”
“Mr Chen this token is a VIP token, it allows you to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield earlier than others, there are very few of these tokens, only the six great demonic sects of our demon race have them, and there are some given to other sects and families in the Heavenly Demon Mountain region.”
“This token, Mr Chen, originally belonged to the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder ……”
“Old Luo, what are you saying this for?”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man gave Luo Shouhai an unhappy look!
The reason why Devil Mountain Ghost Elder had just said that he was following the Xuan Yin Sect Patriarch was because he was afraid that Chen Ping would feel pressure in his heart!
“Mr Chen, I’ve seen a lot of the world alone, and I’ve seen a few divine and demonic battlefields, so I’m not interested in this Heavenly Demon Mountain’s divine and demonic battlefield, so I simply gave the token to Mr Chen ……”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man followed Chen Ping and explained.
Chen Ping knew that the Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man was only saying this, who would not want to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield first, and the one who enters first will surely have the first chance!
“Ghost Old Man, thank you ……”
Chen Ping said as he gratefully looked towards the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man.
“Mr Chen is serious, it is reasonable for me to call out to you as an Old Ancestor, a token is just a token, there is no need to be polite, Mr Chen.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man said with a hahaha smile!
Many people around, all looked at Chen Ping with envy, after all, this VIP token, should be considered priceless here!
“Mr Chen, this token of yours must be well collected, although there are rules here that no private fights are allowed, but we can’t avoid some eye-catching people, secretly stealing Mr Chen’s token away.”
“When the time comes, only the token will be recognised and not the person, you’d better be careful ……”
Luo Shouhai reminded Chen Ping.
“Thanks for the reminder, Valley Master Luo, I will pay attention.”
Chen Ping directly placed the token into his storage ring, when the time came, it would be impossible for others to steal the token!
After following Ghost Old Man and Luo Shouhai to say goodbye, Chen Ping brought Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix with him and did not go to look for Old Man Miao and the others, but continued to wander around the streets!
It was not easy to come to Xuan Yin Sect once, and in the future, he might not be able to come here once in his life, so Chen Ping wanted to take a good stroll and see if he could find any treasures!
“Mr Chen, long time no see ah ……”
Just after Chen Ping had walked a distance with Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix, someone called out to him from behind!
Chen Ping hurriedly looked back and found that it was actually Ning Caixin, and behind Ning Caixin, there were a few Ning family members!
When Chen Ping’s gaze, landed on an old man beside Ning Cai Chen, he could not help but frown!
He did not recognise this old man, yet he found that the aura of this old man had a kind of déjà vu, but Chen Ping could not recall who he looked like for a while!
The old man’s expression also changed slightly when he saw Chen Ping, and his pupils even contracted violently!
But this change quickly recovered.
“Ning Family Master, what a coincidence, I didn’t expect you to come to the Heavenly Demon Mountain as well ……”
Chen Ping withdrew his gaze and said with a faint smile towards Ning Caichen!
“Mr Chen, after not seeing you for many days, your strength has really skyrocketed ah, Fifth Grade Cultivator of the Transition Realm, now you don’t even put it in your eyes.”
“Indeed, you are the pride of heaven, and you know so many people from the demon race and got the VIP token, I really admire Mr Chen.”
Ning Caichen said from the bottom of his heart.
Obviously just now when Chen Ping broke that Liu Xueyi’s arm, he saw all of it, and also saw the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder giving Chen Ping the token!