“Ai, Elder Brother Du, it’s a long story ……”
Zhu Zhishan sighed, and then told the original story.
When Du Da heard that Zhu Zhishan had actually been injured by a young man who was only in his twenties, his face couldn’t help but change.
“Elder brother Zhu, is there still such a genius in Grand Xia now? At a young age, you were even defeated by you?”
Du Da’s eyes stared slightly and said.
“Old Brother Du, you don’t know anything, this Chen Ping is an immortal cultivator ……”
Zhu Zhishan had not finished his words, but he saw Du Da stand up with a scuffle, his face full of disbelief, “What? An immortal cultivator? Such a young immortal cultivator, so possibly stronger than you?”
“Now that the aura is depleted, even if he cultivates from inside his mother’s womb, it is impossible for him to surpa*s you, this is simply impossible ……”
Du Da simply didn’t believe that in this society nowadays, there were still immortal cultivators who could cultivate at such a fast rate!
“Elder brother Du, this Chen Ping has repeatedly had strange encounters, his strength growing so fast should follow a dragon crystal in his body ……”
Zhu Zhishan said, and then told the story of Chen Ping having a dragon crystal inside his body.
As soon as Du Da heard this, his eyes began to glow, revealing a greedy look.
Seeing that look on Duda’s face, Zhu Zhishan snickered, knowing that this Duda had been talked into it by himself.
“That kid actually defeated even you, he should have already reached the middle stage of YuanYing, but he is not enough to look at in front of me ……”
Saying that, the aura on Du Da’s body exploded steeply.
Heck, it was the strength of the middle YuanYing stage, feeling the aura on Du Da, Zhu Zhishan’s heart burst with coldness!
“Elder brother Du, if you step in, that Chen Ping is afraid that he will definitely die ……”
Zhu Zhishan bragged to Du Da.
“I relied on this Penglai Island and cultivated intently for decades before I reached the realm of YuanYing, I didn’t expect a hairy kid to rely on a dragon crystal and cultivate YuanYing in a short time, now I am at the bottleneck stage, it is just the right time to take the YuanYing and dragon crystal inside this kid to break through …… ”
Du Da’s eyes slightly stared and said coldly.
“Elder brother Du, what is this YuanYing?”
Although Zhu Zhishan knew that there were immortal cultivators, he did not know much about the realm of immortal cultivators because they had been in hiding for many years.
“Elder brother Zhu, even if I told you, you wouldn’t understand, I’ll just tell you that as long as the firstborn doesn’t die, I can have an undying physical body, and even if my physical body is destroyed, it can still grow back up.”
Duda said indifferently.
Hearing Du Da say so, Zhu Zhishan then suddenly realized that he finally understood why he had watched Chen Ping die while coming back to life.
It turned out that there was a YuanYing inside that Chen Ping’s body, and without killing the YuanYing, even if he had smashed his flesh, he would not have been able to kill Chen Ping at all!
If he had not come to Penglai Island this time, Zhu Zhishan would not have known the reason for this!
Zhu Zhishan did not stay long, but followed Du Da and left Penglai Island!
Du Da was also desperate to get that dragon crystal, and by the way, get Chen Ping’s firstborn as well, which were all treasures that could help with cultivation.
Du Da had been stuck in this realm for many years, he just couldn’t break through!
The entire Penglai Island seems to have been under a magic spell, and no one has been able to break through to the middle of the YuanYing stage in their cultivation.
…………
Kyoto, Protector’s Pavilion!
Xing Jun’s face was grave as he followed Mr. Shi and reported.
“Mr. Shi, that Zhu Zhi Shan invited Duda from Penglai Island to deal with Chen Ping.”
Xing Jun knew what kind of characters were on Penglai Island, so the person Zhu Zhi Shan had brought in this time would definitely pose a great threat to Chen Ping.
“Penglai Island?” Mr Shi smiled slightly, “It seems that this fellow, Chen Ping, has finally managed to meet his match, if he knew that I had sent him such a great gift, would he thank me so much?”