Chen Ping and the others were leaving, and this time the High Priest followed Daniel, who was a bit embarra*sed!
If the two of them were to go down the mountain, it would be dangerous if they came across any formations or organs!
But if they followed Chen Ping, I was afraid that the other side would not agree!
Just as Daniel was considering whether to open his mouth and beg Chen Ping to take them in, suddenly a dozen auras instantly came towards this side!
Immediately afterwards, a dozen men in black, armed with machetes, directly surrounded Chen Ping and his men!
Faced with these black-clothed men who surrounded them, Chen Ping frowned.
“Fan Jiang, do you think the scent on these people is familiar?”
Chen Ping asked to Fan Jiang.
“En, it’s familiar, following the same people who intercepted and killed Princess Anna ……”
Fan Jiang nodded his head and said.
“Could it be that these are the same people that took over that relic early on?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised as to why these people in black could suddenly appear here!
Unless they had been here a long time ago, otherwise the layers of barriers and spell formations were not that easy to break through.
However, that High Priest had a surprisingly excited expression flashing on his face after the sudden appearance of these dozen black-clothed men.
“Burning Heaven Divine Cultists, listen to the order ……”
The high priest suddenly raised the bronze bell in his hand and shouted!
These people in black were all, surprisingly, members of the Burning Heaven Divine Sect!
The High Priestess sensed it as soon as these people appeared.
And these dozen men in black, after seeing the High Priest raise the bronze bell, there was a flash of panic in their eyes, but it quickly stabilised!
That Daniel’s brow furrowed instantly when he saw that these men, seeing the High Priest’s call, were indifferent!
He seemed to understand something, so he whispered in the High Priest’s ear, “High Priest, these people should be from within the Imperial Court, belonging to the Second Priest.”
Daniel’s words instantly caused the excitement on the High Priest’s face to disappear, replaced by unbridled anger!
“You traitors, I will kill you today ……”
The High Priest roared, and his aura began to surge wildly!
Holding a copper bell in his hand, he shook it hard, and along with the ringing of the bell, a sound wave rippled out in all directions.
Seeing this, the dozen or so men in black instantly formed a circle, their auras coalescing together to form a shield against the High Priestess’ attack!
Seeing this, Daniel leapt up with his weapon!
“You traitors, take your lives ……”
Between the swing of the weapon in Daniel’s hand, countless sharp edges went towards the dozen men in black!
Soon, Daniel followed the high priest and fought with the dozen men in black!
Chen Ping and the others became spectators!
“Mr. Chen, what do we do?”
Fan Jiang asked.
“Let’s go, this is their sect’s private matter, let’s stay out of it ……”
Chen Ping waved his hand, intending to leave!
After all, it doesn’t matter if the other party is a traitor or not, it doesn’t matter if they follow themselves!
Chen Ping just wants to find the relic as fast as possible now, he doesn’t want to delay!
“Chen Ping these people in black suddenly appeared, they might have been hiding in the relics all along, why don’t we catch one and ask?”
Hu Ma Zi said.
Chen Ping was delighted, “Right, it’s still Master Hu who is smart, so let’s catch one and ask ……”
At this moment, Daniel and the High Priest, followed a dozen men in black in a fight!
Although they were not defeated, they were already at a disadvantage, whether it was Daniel or the high priest, several wounds had already appeared on their bodies at this moment!
“Fan Jiang, go grab a tongue ……”
Chen Ping said to Fan Jiang.
Fan Jiang nodded and with a flash of his body, he instantly joined the battle!
A man in black saw the sudden appearance of Fan Jiang and waved the scimitar in his hand and slashed!
Fan Jiang turned sideways and slapped out his palm, instantly sending the machete flying out of the black man’s hand, which then pierced through the chest of another black man!