“Well, I’m not in the mood to play with you ……”
Chen Ping took a deep breath and immediately afterwards, his right hand opened!
The Chopping Dragon Sword instantly appeared in Chen Ping’s hand, and the moment the Chopping Dragon Sword appeared, the surrounding heaven and earth seemed to instantly change colour for it.
A buzzing sound emanated from within the Dragon Cutting Sword, as if it was emitting a bloodthirsty hiss!
Zhu Zhishan looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand and felt the aura emanating from it, and his entire face turned extremely ugly.
Chen Ping took a deep breath as the spiritual energy within his body began to boil.
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique, First Sword ……”
Chen Ping raised the Zeng Long Sword high, followed by his body rising up into the air.
The Zeng Long Sword in his hand, from the top down, slashed out with one blow.
A huge sword aura instantly headed towards Zhu Zhi Shan.
Boom!
The sword mane ruthlessly chopped in front of Zhu Zhishan, and a deep furrow instantly appeared on the ground!
Zhu Zhishan’s body backed up rapidly, followed by a lazy donkey’s roll, and he managed to dodge Chen Ping’s sword!
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan’s body was in a terrible mess, although he was not hit by the sword, the huge sword qi still caused white marks on his body armour!
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping incredulously, he knew that he was no longer a match for Chen Ping’s strength, and that Chen Ping had only been practising against him at the beginning!
Thinking of this, Zhu Zhishan no longer had the arrogance he had just had, so he hurriedly got up from the ground, turned around and ran!
The Martial Alliance Alliance Master was now like a dog that had lost its home, turning around and running without the slightest hesitation.
“Want to leave, it’s not that easy ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as his body leapt up, followed by the Zenglong Sword in his hand swinging out once again.
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique, Second Sword ……”
A white piquant sword aura shot out from the Zhan Long Sword, heading straight towards that fleeing Zhu Zhishan.
Although Zhu Zhishan’s back was to Chen Ping, he still felt the danger, he didn’t dare to turn back, he could only desperately leap to the side!
Poof …………
Zhu Zhishan dodged the fatal blow, but the sword maneuver went through Zhu Zhishan’s left arm and cut it off in one fell swoop.
Blood spurted out, and Zhu Zhishan’s brow furrowed in pain!
He didn’t even have time to stop the bleeding, and disappeared into the woods with a few leaps and bounds.
Chen Ping chased after him and looked at his left arm that had fallen to the ground, killing intent in his eyes!
“Hmph, even if I chase you to Kyoto, I will still chop you off under my sword ……”
A light blue flame instantly flashed above Chen Ping’s palm, followed by a wave of his hand, burning Zhu Zhishan’s left arm cleanly!
At the same time Zhu Zhishan had already fled for tens of kilometres enduring the severe pain!
At this moment, his face was so pale that there was not a trace of blood left!
Finding that Chen Ping was not pursuing him, Zhu Zhishan sat down under a tree and took a breath.
Looking at his broken arm, Zhu Zhishan’s whole body was filled with rage!
He knew that with the loss of his arm, Zhu Zhishan’s strength would be greatly diminished!
Now he was even less of a match for Chen Ping, not to mention Chen Ping’s fear that he would struggle to deal with a half-step Martial Marquis.
“Chen Ping, if I don’t take revenge for this, I swear I won’t be a human being ……”
Zhu Zhishan roared out in anger.
Slowly getting up, Zhu Zhishan looked in the direction of Kyoto, but he did not head towards it.
He knew that he would only die if he went back to Kyoto.
If he wanted to take revenge and kill Chen Ping, he would have to find helpers!
After a few moments of contemplation, Zhu Zhishan turned back and unexpectedly headed in the direction of the south.
Not far from here towards the south was the endless sea!
Zhu Zhishan boarded a small boat and sailed deep into the sea!