“Xian nephew, let your grandfather rest!” Ji Lian Jun pulled Ji Yun up, then said to his two daughters “Meiyan, Meiling, the two of you take your sixth brother and the others to rest, no fooling around this time.”
“Dad, don’t worry, we definitely won’t ……” Ji Meiyan said awkwardly!
Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling led Ji Yun and the others out from the old master’s room!
But just as they walked to the front yard, they were suddenly stopped by that Ji Meizhen!
Seeing Ji Meizhen holding a long sword in her hand, she aggressively said to Ji Meiyan “You b*tch, do you dare to compete with me?”
Ji Meiyan was scolded, instantly came to the fire, pointing at the press Ji Meizhen said “you a thousand people ride ten thousand people get the thing, but also dare to scold me, than than, today I have to beat the sh*t out of you ……”
“Sister, don’t pay attention to her, if you compare with her, father knows about it, he will definitely chastise you.”
Ji Meiling pulled Ji Meiyan and said!
“Don’t mind me sister, I’m going to beat the sh*t out of this guy today ……”
Ji Meiyan swung into action!
Looking at Ji Meiyan following Ji Meijin that way, I guess it’s not the first time they’ve competed in a fight!
Only to see Ji Meiyan slap at her waist, instantly popping out a soft sword from her waist!
And that Ji Meizhen also drew out her sword with a jangling sound!
When Chen Ping saw the sword in Ji Meizhen’s hand, his brows instantly furrowed.
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?” Seeing this, Ji Yun on the side asked in a low voice!
“The sword in this Ji Meizhen’s hand has a demonic aura on it, it’s probably a Demon Spirit Sword, it’s better to tell your big sister to be careful.”
Chen Ping said to Ji Yun!
Seeing this, Ji Yun rushed forward and said to Ji Meiyan “Big …… sister, you compete with the other party, pay attention to the sword in the other party’s hand, her sword has oddities.”
“What’s odd?” Ji Meiyan asked!
“This …………” Ji Yun hesitated!
“Don’t worry, it’s just a defeated opponent, no matter what sword it is, it’s no match for this soft sword of mine.”
Ji Meiyan was confident, then the long sword in her hand shook, like a poisonous snake towards that Ji Meizhen!
Ji Mei Zhen also rushed out steeply, and the two people instantly fought as one.
The strength of the two people is considered to be in between, but it can be seen, that Ji Meiyan’s strength is slightly better, coupled with the soft sword is really unexpected, so that Ji Meiyan temporarily stood on the upper hand!
For a while, the sky was filled with flashes of sword light and whistling spiritual energy!
“Second sister, do the two of them always fight like this?”
Ji Yun asked Ji Meiling who was beside him!
“They fight eight times in ten days, but every time, big sister wins, this Ji Meizhen is no match for big sister, don’t worry.”
Ji Meiling said with a smile!
“Miss Ji, that long sword in Ji Meizhen’s hand, have you seen it?” Chen Ping asked to Ji Meiling!
Ji Meiling shook her head “Never seen it, the longsword in this guy’s hand is often changed, every time he says it’s some kind of divine weapon, but when he’s defeated by his big sister, he’ll change it again!”
Chen Ping nodded and did not say anything more, but already had an idea in his mind!
At this moment, that Ji Mei Zhen began to lose some ground and kept on losing.
The corner of Ji Meiyan’s mouth hooked up a cold smile and said “Defeated general, today is still not the same ……”
Just when Ji Meiyan swung her sword up, that Ji Meizhen eyes suddenly flashed red light, followed by the long sword in her hand began to emit thousands of sword light, as if a wild storm, towards Ji Meiyan!
Ji Meiyan’s figure retreated, and the soft sword in her hand gently shook in mid-air, emitting a buzzing sound, and then waved out a sword flower!
The sword light and sword flower collided, emitting a brilliant light!
Right at this moment, the longsword in that Ji Meijin’s hand seemed to possess a consciousness, directly emitting a burst of black mist, wrapping the longsword, and a sword spirit rushed out from within that longsword!