Sun Moon City!
Chen Ping followed Lin Kefan to the palace hall, as for the others, they were all arranged by Lin Kefan elsewhere!
After all, he had brought Chen Ping here to follow his father to ask for forgiveness, if he had brought Xuan Bin and the others with him, there might have been a fight!
“Emperor Lin, you must be calmer, it’s fine to teach a lesson, but don’t hit too hard and beat someone to death ……”
Taoist Master Wuji persuaded Lin Chong!
“Don’t worry Taoist Master, I’ll definitely leave him alive, but I’ll also make him learn his lesson and lie down for eight or ten years!”
Lin Chong huffed!
“That’s good, just leave him alive!”
Taoist Master Wuji finished speaking and turned around to leave!
He knew that it would be awkward if he was here!
Daoist Master Wuji had just left when Chen Ping followed Lin Kefan in!
“Father, my son has brought Chen Ping here, and I have learnt that at that time, Chen Ping did not know about my big brother’s identity, and that is why he beat him up.”
“Now he already knows, so he came with me to make amends ……”
Lin Kefan hurriedly put in a good word for Chen Ping!
“You’re pleading for him?”Lin Chong looked at Lin Kefan and asked!
“It’s not pleading for mercy, it’s just being realistic and making it clear, as for what needs to be done, it’s still up to Father to decide!”
Lin Kefan said!
“Hmph, even if you don’t know your identity, it’s still hard to escape punishment.”Lin Chong snorted coldly, looked at Chen Ping and said, “You break your own arm, I can forgive you ……”
“Break an arm?”Chen Ping froze!
Lin Kefan also froze, he didn’t expect his father to be so ruthless as to let Chen Ping break his own arm!
This would definitely greatly reduce his strength if he broke his own arm!
“Father, he is his sister’s man, what will my sister do if you let him break his own arm?”
Lin Kefan moved out Lin Keting, he knew that his father loved Lin Keting the most!
“Cutting off one of his own arms, it’s not like he’s wasted, even if he breaks an arm, he’ll still be able to double cultivate, it won’t get in the way.”
Lin Chong said with a cold face!
“Then he ……”
“Get out ……” Lin Chong did not wait for Lin Kefan to be speaking, directly roared!
Seeing this, Lin Kefan’s neck shrank in fear and he could only slowly back out!
As he passed by Chen Ping, he whispered, “Be nice and drag my father, I’ll go find my little sister to save you!”
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, he just stared at that Lin Chong in death!
After Lin Ke Fan withdrew, Lin Chong said to Chen Ping, “Will you do it yourself, or will you let me do it?”
“No need, I’ll do it myself!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and offered his Dragon Slashing Sword!
Lin Chong watched quietly, without a single movement on his face!
Chen Ping swung the Dragon Beheading Sword and was about to slash towards his arm!
But just at the moment of chopping down, he suddenly turned his sword!
“I’ll break your grandmother’s leg ……”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Beheading Sword unexpectedly stabbed straight towards Lin Chong!
To allow himself to break an arm, that was impossible, Chen Ping would never agree to it even in death!
If he really broke an arm, Chen Ping knew that he wouldn’t live to see tomorrow!
It was simply a matter of putting up a fight!
“Hmph, not self-important ……”
Lin Chong did not expect Chen Ping to dare to attack himself, and after a cold snort, he gently waved his palm!
A huge force, instantly sent Chen Ping flying out, Chen Ping did not even get close to that Lin Chong!
“Damn, the strength is too strong ……,” Chen Ping’s eyes slightly condensed, and then asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, “Senior, my physical body is now enhanced, if I let you master me, can you defeat this guy in front of me? ”
Chen Ping knew that relying on his own strength, it was impossible to be a match for Lin Chong, so he had to let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch make a move!
“If you are able to withstand it, I will destroy him in a minute, only considering your fleshly body’s ability to withstand it, I don’t dare to guarantee it.”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said truthfully!
“Then also spell it out, this old thing is bullying people too much ……”
Chen Ping clenched his teeth, even if his physical body was destroyed, there was no way he would allow himself to be bullied!
Still letting himself break his own arm, delusional ……