The man revealed a sinister look and immediately pulled out a talisman from his pocket!
This talisman was engraved with a few teeth and claws of severe ghosts, and the moment the talisman was pulled out, Chen Ping and the others felt a gust of gloomy wind!
Only to see the man reciting under his breath, the talisman suddenly burst open and countless stern ghosts instantly appeared before an unsearchable array pattern enveloped Chen Ping and the others!
“I didn’t expect the Celestial Realm to have such advanced talismans ……”
Chen Ping could not help but feel a little surprised when he saw the talisman that the man had taken out, knowing that in the Celestial Realm, the simplest sound transmission jade slips would need to be purchased, and there were not many that were able to draw talismans!
And yet, this man was able to take out such a high-level talisman, it was really not easy!
At this moment, Chen Ping thought of Hu Ma Zi, if Hu Ma Zi was there, this man’s talisman would be like rubbish!
After all, Hu Ma Zi was a high-level talisman master!
Countless stern ghosts continued to swirl around Chen Ping and the others, and a bizarre aura was constantly permeating them!
Chen Ping and the others only felt their eyes blurring and their heads spinning!
“This is the Ten Thousand Ghosts Pilgrimage, everyone be careful ……”
Seeing this, Sheng Jiahui hurriedly pulled out a yellow talisman from her body and bit her finger to draw a bizarre figure on it!
The yellow talisman burst open, a burst of yellow mist filled the air, and Chen Ping, who was still a bit dazed, became much more awake at this moment!
Chen Ping looked at Sheng Jiahui in surprise, he did not expect that at her young age, Sheng Jiahui would know about talismans!
“The Sheng family is a family that specialises in the study of talismanic spells, don’t look at their realm, but in terms of talismanic spells, they are one of the best, many of the talismans used by cultivators throughout the Southern Region are purchased from the Sheng family.”
Bai Shao explained after Chen Ping!
At this moment, Sheng Jiahui was chanting under her breath, her forehead was already covered in cold sweat, it was obvious that her talisman spells were having a hard time restraining the other party!
“So it’s the Sheng family’s little girl, but with this skill of yours, you also want to break my Ten Thousand Ghosts Chao Feng?”
The man laughed coldly, then gently pressed his palm!
Those countless stern ghosts instantly spewed out a thick black mist, which wrapped Chen Ping and all of them up, causing them to fall into boundless darkness!
Seeing this, Bai Shao’s palms instantly punched out a hurricane, trying to blow the black mist away, but it was like a stone sinking into the sea, there was no response at all!
They only felt that their bodies were constantly falling, as if the abyss was ten thousand feet deep beneath their feet!
This time, Sheng Jiahui panicked, and Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix also panicked a little!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, faced a smile and slowly said, “You guys don’t need to panic, it’s just a small talisman, I’ll break it for you.”
Chen Ping finished speaking, even with his feet on the ground began to carve, soon a formation pattern flooded with fluctuations, followed by a rushing spiritual light that rose up in the sky!
This spiritual light instantly broke through the black mist, even the countless stern ghosts around them were all engulfed by this spiritual light and disappeared without a trace!
Sheng Jiahui looked at the scene in front of her with surprise, and directly froze!
She knew how powerful this Ten Thousand Ghosts Pilgrimage talisman was, but she did not expect Chen Ping to break it just by casually spending a few strokes on the ground with his foot!
With this skill, she was afraid that even her own father could not reach ……
Sheng Jiahui did not understand when such a powerful talisman master had appeared in the Southern Region!
As for the man who saw Chen Ping casually break his talisman, he was also shocked inwardly and didn’t hesitate at all, turning around and running!
The reason why he had just dared to face Chen Ping and several of them alone was because he had the talisman of Ten Thousand Ghosts Pilgrimage in place!
But now, the talisman was broken, and there was only one way for him to die if he stayed!
“Still want to run?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly cut out a sword awn!
The sword awn cut across the man’s body, directly cutting the man into two halves, dead beyond death!